--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
dated 3 April 2023 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the Luxembourg act relating 
to prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et 
portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (the "Luxembourg Law") of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA in respect 
of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus" or the "Prospectus"). 
 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA 
(Gütersloh, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer  
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme  
(the "Programme") 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"Commission") as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Commission only approves this Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trade Notes on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market "Bourse de 
Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Market in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the "Regulated Market"). Notes issued under the Programme 
may also not be listed at all. 
The Issuer has requested the Commission in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg Law to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of Austria, the 
Republic of Ireland and The Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation ("Notification"). The Issuer may request the Commission to provide competent 
authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification. By approving a prospectus, 
the Commission shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or 
solvency of the issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate 
& Investment Banking 
 
 
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and on the website of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-
programme/). This Prospectus succeeds the Prospectus dated 24 March 2020 and is valid for a period of twelve months 
after the date of its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 3 April 2024. There is no obligation to supplement 
the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA ("Bertelsmann" or the "Issuer" together with its consolidated group companies, 
the "Bertelsmann Group") with its registered office in Gütersloh, Germany, accepts responsibility for the 
information given in this Prospectus including the documents incorporated by reference herein and for the 
information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Prospectus for 
which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any tranche of Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus and the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Dealers (as defined herein below) have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes or 
their distribution. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers that this Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to 
enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes which is material in the context of the 
Programme; that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and 
complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or 
the Notes, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the 
expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading; that the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to 
ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers (i) to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus has 
been approved and the final closing date of any tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the case may be, 
when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, and (ii) where approval of the Commission 
of any such document is required, to have such document approved by the Commission. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer 
or the Manager(s), as the case may be. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the 
Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, 
is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or 
any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of 
any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness 
of the information contained in any of these documents. This Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its 
approval and this Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of 
their respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such documents is 
accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms

--- Page 3 ---
3 
come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the 
restrictions applicable in the United States of America (the "United States" or "U.S."), the European Economic 
Area in general, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Singapore and Japan see "Selling Restrictions". In 
particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to tax 
law requirements of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Notice to Canadian Investors - This notice is directed only to purchasers that are resident in or subject to the 
securities laws of British Columbia, Alberta or Ontario.  
 The Notes may be sold only to such purchasers that are purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement hereto and/or any Final 
Terms) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or 
territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Product classification requirements in Singapore: The Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules") or the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules.  
PRIIPs Regulation / Important – EEA Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") . For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs Regulation / Important – UK Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 4 ---
4 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Authority ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in the German language constitutes a 
translation. In respect of the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the German text of the 
Terms and Conditions may be controlling and binding if so specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
issued under the Programme is entitled to use the Prospectus as set out in "Consent to the Use of the 
Prospectus" below.  
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of them that any recipient of the Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of the Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial and otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances and be aware of the risk that an investment in the Notes may not be suitable at all times until 
maturity bearing in mind the following key aspects when assessing and reassessing the suitability of the Notes 
which may change over time and could lead to the risk of non-suitability. Each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as Stabilisation Manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilisation Manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin at any time after the adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of the Notes and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 
60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
The information on any website included in the Prospectus, except for the websites listed in "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below, do not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Commission. 
Benchmarks Regulation / Statement in relation to Administrator's Registration – Interest rates payable 
under Floating Rate Notes are calculated by reference to EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is 
provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
("BMR"). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that 
does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by 
the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", 
"plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This 
applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans 
and expectations regarding Bertelsmann Group's business and management, its growth and profitability, and 
general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer 
makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Bertelsmann Group's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or 
implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Bertelsmann Group's business is 
also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or 
prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the 
following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "General Information about Bertelsmann SE & Co. 
KGaA and Bertelsmann Group". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have 
an impact on Bertelsmann Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. 
In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any 
forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................. 7 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 8 
Risk Factors regarding Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and Bertelsmann Group ............................................ 8 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes ................................................................................................................ 16 
General Information about Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and Bertelsmann Group .................................... 20 
Introduction .................................................................................................................................................. 20 
Selected Financial Information .................................................................................................................... 20 
Capitalisation of Bertelsmann Group ........................................................................................................... 22 
General, History and Development of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA .......................................................... 22 
Investments and Financing .......................................................................................................................... 22 
Business Overview and Principal Markets .................................................................................................. 23 
Organisational Structure .............................................................................................................................. 24 
Trend Information ........................................................................................................................................ 24 
Administrative, Supervisory Boards and Management ................................................................................ 24 
Historical Financial Information ................................................................................................................... 28 
Statutory Auditors ........................................................................................................................................ 28 
Auditing of Historical Annual Financial Information ..................................................................................... 28 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings .............................................................................................................. 28 
Share Capital ............................................................................................................................................... 29 
Material Contracts ....................................................................................................................................... 29 
Recent Events ............................................................................................................................................. 29 
Significant Change in Bertelsmann's financial position ............................................................................... 30 
Rating .......................................................................................................................................................... 30 
Documents Available ................................................................................................................................... 30 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus ............................................................................................................ 31 
Issue Procedures ............................................................................................................................................... 32 
Terms and Conditions ....................................................................................................................................... 34 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with Fixed Interest Rates ...................................... 34 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with Floating Interest Rates ................................. 51 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes – German Language Version ............................................................... 68 
OPTION I - Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung .................................. 68 
OPTION II - Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ............................ 87 
Form of Final Terms (Muster - Endgültige Bedingungen) ........................................................................... 106 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 124 
Description of Rules regarding Resolutions of Holders .............................................................................. 125 
Taxation Warning ............................................................................................................................................ 127 
Selling Restrictions ......................................................................................................................................... 128 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................ 133 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................ 135 
Documents incorporated by Reference ..................................................................................................... 135 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by Reference .................................................................. 135 
Availability of Documents .......................................................................................................................... 135 
Names and Addresses .................................................................................................................................... 137

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under this Programme, Bertelsmann may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the 
following dealers: Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. Morgan SE, 
NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale, and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time 
to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer", 
and together, the "Dealers"). 
Deutsche Bank acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement from time to time. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way of 
public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each tranche of Notes ("Tranche") will be stated in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors, unless the applicable Final Terms include a 
legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and/or "PROHIBITION OF SALES 
TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS". 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche in itself consisting of Notes which are identical in all respects. 
One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and identical in all 
respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first 
interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save 
that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than 
euro, an amount in such other currency equivalent to at least EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes 
may be issued in euro or any other currency. The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the 
basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the 
Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above 
such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines 
the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Under this Prospectus a summary will only be drawn up in relation to an issue of Notes with a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000. Such issue-specific summary will be annexed to the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under the 
Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF"), 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). Notes denominated in euro or, as 
the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, are intended to be held in a 
manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, these Notes will initially be deposited upon issue 
with in the case of (i) a new global note either CBL or Euroclear as common safekeeper or, (ii) a classical 
global note CBF. It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S. A. will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent (the "Listing Agent") and Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent").

--- Page 8 ---
8 
RISK FACTORS  
The following is a description of material risks that are specific to Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA as 
Issuer as well as the Notes and/or may affect the ability of Bertelsmann to fulfil its respective 
obligations under the Notes and that are material to the Notes issued under the Programme in order to 
assess the market risk associated with these Notes. They are presented in a limited number of 
categories depending on their nature. In each category the most material risk factor is mentioned first. 
Prospective investors should consider these risk factors before deciding whether to purchase any 
Notes issued under the Programme.  
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus or incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus and consult with their own professional advisers (including their 
financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they consider it necessary. In addition, investors should 
be aware that the risks described might combine and thus intensify one another. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions" of the Notes below shall have the same 
meanings in this section. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING BERTELSMANN SE & CO. KGAA AND BERTELSMANN GROUP  
Bertelsmann's business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer adverse material effects due to 
any of the following risks. This could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes, and the Issuer 
may ultimately not be able to meet its obligations under the Notes. While all the risks considered material are 
described below, these are not the only risks Bertelsmann faces. Additional risks not known by Bertelsmann or 
not presently considered material might also impair Bertelsmann's business operations. 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer are presented in the following categories with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category depending on their nature: 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities, industry and competition 
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
3. 
Legal risks 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities, industry and competition 
An overall substantial weakening of economic conditions could severely impact Bertelsmann's 
business. 
Bertelsmann is dependent on the economic environment and trends in the world economy and may be 
adversely affected by downturns in regional or worldwide economies, market crises as well as prolonged 
periods of instability, in particular if such developments negatively affect advertising expenditure and consumer 
demand. 
The war in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic represent major threats to the development of the global 
economy, lead to a high degree of uncertainty and may, either directly or indirectly, negatively impact 
Bertelsmann, its clients, investors and credit markets. Even though the possible negative effects of the 
coronavirus pandemic on Bertelsmann's businesses is now considered to be less significant, especially as 
regards the advertising-financed businesses of RTL Group, there is ongoing uncertainty regarding a further 
slowdown of the economy. In particular the war in Ukraine has severe negative impacts on the economic 
development and already resulted or may in the future result in economic downturns in markets relevant for 
Bertelsmann. The negative effects on the global economy arising from the war in Ukraine and any relating 
continued increase of geopolitical tensions are not yet foreseeable and could have a material adverse effect on 
Bertelsmann's business, results of operations and financial condition. The United Kingdom's exit from the EU 
(Brexit) has resulted in continued economic challenges for individual businesses relevant for Bertelsmann. In 
addition, further geopolitical crises, national deficits, currency turbulence or the introduction of higher tariffs as 
a result of rising protectionist tendencies could interfere with economic performance and influence 
Bertelsmann's risk situation. 
Advertising expenditure and consumer spending are heavily correlated to consumer demand, which in turn is 
strongly affected by the trends of gross domestic product ("GDP") and unemployment rate. The principal risks 
that the divisions face in a downturn are as follows. 
The business of the RTL Group critically depends on the sale of advertising space, in particular television and 
radio advertising space. Advertising revenues in the markets of the RTL Group have been materially adversely 
affected by recent economic and market conditions, and any deterioration of such conditions can cause the 
revenues and profits of the RTL Group to decline significantly. In addition, TV broadcasters may also cut 
expenditure on programming generated by the TV production subsidiary Fremantle. At the same time, the RTL

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Group has substantial commitments to acquire programmes in the future the amount and the terms of which 
the RTL Group may not be able to renegotiate in response to a decline in advertising revenues, which could 
lead to lower operating margins as well as over-accumulation of programme inventory. Increasing competition 
in particular in the area of program acquisition and TV production, and the growing dependence on individual 
production companies, coupled with the risk of potential cost increases, could also impact RTL Group’s ability 
to generate revenues. Furthermore increasing competition and constant change, particularly in the digital 
environment, are resulting in a stronger fragmentation of RTL Group’s markets as audiences will have more 
choice (e.g., through online platforms) and, at the same time, the market-entry barriers are being lowered. The 
possible risks of this for RTL Group are decreasing audience and advertising market shares of its advertising -
financed channels and therefore, ultimately, lower revenues. For the German magazine business of RTL 
Group, the possibility of a deterioration of the overall economic environment and the resulting declines in 
advertising and circulation revenues, as well as the continuously changing conditions in the digital business, 
represent significant risks. A changing market environment, marked by product innovations and increased 
consolidation of agencies and marketers, is confronted with a widespread decrease in demand for print 
products, which as a result of pressure on prices and conditions can lead to lower margins. Furthermore, there 
is the risk of losing key customers as advertising customers could switch to other media, notably digital media, 
for example. 
For Penguin Random House, an economic crisis may cause declining consumer spending. Additionally, due to 
the shift to online orders and ebooks there is an increased risk of losing major customers in a crisis, especially 
bookstore retailers as a result of insolvencies. Falling e-book sales due to a change in market conditions 
constitute another risk for Penguin Random House. A further risk attributable to the changing retail landscape 
is declining sales volumes in brick-and-mortar book retail, which – in addition to general economic risks – could 
lead to lower sales. In the area of procurement and supply chains, rising costs for raw materials and energy 
represent additional risks for Penguin Random House. 
Risks that affect BMG are predominantly associated with the client portfolio, in particular a lack of contract 
extensions with artists and authors as well as contractual relationships with business partners concerning 
digital and physical distribution as well as film, TV, advertising and live concerts. There are also risks resulting 
from corporate growth, especially regarding the (new) business integration and the scaling of the (new) 
technical platforms and organizations. Additional risks are market and sell-side risks, especially changes in 
the market environment with increased competitive pressures and declining sales volumes. 
Arvato is exposed to risks from customer (risk of loss of key customers) and supplier relationships. On the 
supplier side there are risks associated with the availability of services and the further rise in factor costs. 
Growing competition for qualified professionals as well as the continued rise in labor costs represent the 
major personnel-related risks. A further slowdown of the economy could result in declining revenues and thus 
lower margins, which would necessitate cost-cutting measures and capacity downsizing. New competitors 
entering the market could intensify the competitive pressure and lead to lower margins. Technological trends 
arising from digitisation and ongoing automation could in some cases damage the business model and 
competitiveness in individual customer segments. 
For the Bertelsmann Printing Group, the most significant risk is the volatile price situation on the raw materials 
and energy markets on the supplier side. In addition, price and margin pressures result from the market 
environment, which is characterized by overcapacity, primarily in the gravure printing segment. The potential 
loss of customers also represents an additional risk. The persistent increase in digital substitution continues to 
accelerate the decline in circulations and the number of pages per issue, in particular in the magazine and 
catalog print segments. A deterioration in the economic environment may also lead to an acceleration in the 
decline of the print market. 
For the Bertelsmann Education Group, the market entry of new competitors, particularly in the US healthcare 
market, may lead to the substitution of existing products. Any resulting change in the market environment 
could lead to growing price and margin pressure and to reduced new customer acquisition, and it could 
negatively impact the planned growth targets should new product opportunities or the innovative power to 
improve existing products turn out to be insufficient as a response to market changes. Additionally, higher 
education is highly regulated in the United States and Brazil, especially with regard to financial aid for 
students. Failure to comply with existing or future laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect 
especially on Afya's and Alliant's business operations (both part of Bertelsmann Education Group). 
Furthermore, the Bertelsmann Education Group is exposed to macroeconomic risks (e.g. currency effects and 
political uncertainty) in Brazil and the United States. 
The key risks for the venture activities at Bertelsmann Investments consist of falling portfolio valuations and 
lost sales proceeds. In the Bertelsmann Next unit, changing conditions in the digital business represent a risk. 
For the other investments, risks arise in particular from a challenging market environment with potentially 
adverse effects on subscription and advertising revenues as well as on factor costs.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
If any of the risks mentioned above were to materialize, they could adversely affect Bertelsmann's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a consequence of the above described risks, 
Bertelsmann may encounter difficulties in its refinancing or may only be able to refinance itself at unfavourable 
rates. 
Rising factor costs caused by high inflationary pressure along with an economic slowdown represent a 
risk for Bertelsmann's business. 
A number of countries is currently experiencing significant price and cost increases as well as supply 
difficulties. High inflation rates places real wages under pressure or may even lead to falling real wages in 
many countries, subduing private consumption, which can have negative effects on Bertelsmann. In addition, 
rising costs of personnel, material and energy in particular due to inflation and/or supply difficulties are 
negatively impacting Bertelsmann's business. These higher costs can only be partially offset by price 
adjustments and efficiency measures. The printing and services businesses in particular are significantly 
affected by rising staff and material costs. It is not always possible to pass on such price increases to 
customers of the printing and services businesses, and only with a time delay in some cases. A potential 
recession driven by, among other factors, high inflation rates could also have a negative impact on 
Bertelsmann, and the RTL Group’s advertising-financed businesses in particular. In addition, possible further 
capacity adjustments at the Bertelsmann Printing Group are becoming more likely in light of a downturn in the 
market development. The above described risks, and if such risks worsen, could have a material adverse effect 
on Bertelsmann's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes in technology, in consumer consumption patterns and changing demographics may 
adversely affect demand for Bertelsmann's entertainment products or increase the cost of producing 
or distributing products.  
Bertelsmann Group's media and entertainment businesses depend significantly on their ability to acquire, 
develop, adopt and exploit new technologies to distinguish their products and services from those of 
Bertelsmann's competitors. In addition, new technologies affect the demand for Bertelsmann Group's products 
and the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view some of its products. Bertelsmann may be 
required to invest additional significant resources to further adapt to the changing competitive environment and 
establish leading positions locally in the streaming market. In case of the RTL Group, the accelerated 
fragmentation of markets in the digital environment with new streaming competitors like Disney and Apple or 
established streaming providers like Netflix and Amazon may negatively affect the audience share of RTL TV. 
These new and established streaming platforms also continue to consider ad-supported programming, which 
could increase competition in advertising markets. Additionally, changing demographics in its core markets 
may result in a decrease of the target age group and the RTL Group may be unable to reposition its leading 
channels to be attractive to an older audience. Even if RTL Group is successful in doing so, its advertising 
clients may determine that an older audience does not have the same commercial relevance and purchase 
less advertising space. 
Technological developments may increase the threat of content piracy and limit Bertelsmann's ability 
to protect its intellectual property rights.  
Bertelsmann's products and services are largely comprised of intellectual property content delivered through a 
variety of media, including television, journals, newspapers, books, ebooks and online, including the internet. 
Bertelsmann relies on trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property laws to establish and protect 
its proprietary rights in these products and services. However, Bertelsmann's proprietary rights may be 
challenged, limited, invalidated or circumvented. Despite trademark and copyright protection and similar 
intellectual property protection laws, third parties may be able to copy, infringe or otherwise profit from its 
proprietary rights without authorisation. 
Bertelsmann Group seeks to limit the threat of content piracy; however, policing unauthorised use of the 
Bertelsmann Group's products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult and the steps 
taken by Bertelsmann may not in every case prevent the infringement by unauthorised third parties. 
Developments in technology, including digital copying, file compressing and the growing penetration of broad-
band internet connections, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely 
distribute pirated material. Bertelsmann Group has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to 
combat piracy, both individually and together with industry associations. There can be no assurance that 
Bertelsmann Group's efforts to enforce its rights and protect its intellectual property will be successful in 
preventing content piracy. Content piracy presents a threat to Bertelsmann Group's revenues from products 
and services based on intellectual property.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Information Security Risks could have a material adverse effect on the ability of some of the companies 
of the Bertelsmann Group to operate their business and on the results of operations. 
For Bertelsmann, the ability to provide information in a timely, complete and confidential way, and to process it 
without disruptions, is crucial to its success and is becoming increasingly important. The same applies for the 
structured management of cyber risks across the Bertelsmann Group. Although Bertelsmann is addressing the 
challenging operating environment, in particular regarding cyber threats, through various measures, it cannot 
be excluded that information security risks could materialize. This could have a material adverse effect on the 
ability to operate the business and thus could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
Changes to respective intellectual property regimes could have a material adverse effect on the ability 
of some of the companies of the Bertelsmann Group to operate their business and on the results of 
operations. 
Some companies of the Bertelsmann Group, in particular the RTL Group, Penguin Random House and BMG, 
are dependent on the development and use of intellectual property in order to grow its content business. As 
such, they are vulnerable to changes in the laws, rules and regulations relating to intellectual property in the 
jurisdictions in which they operate, which could affect their ability to obtain new intellectual property rights over 
Bertelsmann's content, as well as their ability to use or enforce their existing intellectual property rights. Such 
changes could therefore have a material adverse effect on their ability to operate their business and could have 
a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition or results of operations.  
Future reviews of the EU copyright framework may threaten some of the fundamental principles of the business 
of the Bertelsmann Group such as limits to the exclusive rights, territorial exclusivity for audiovisual content and 
copyright contract law, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or 
results of operations. Furthermore, any significant changes to the law affecting the licensing of content for 
internet distribution could lead to loss of some revenue associated with delivering exclusive or other content on 
the internet and have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The introduction and increased popularity of alternative technologies for the distribution of news, 
entertainment and other information and the resulting shift in consumer habits and/or advertising 
expenditures to other media could adversely affect Bertelsmann's results of operations. 
The ongoing digitisation is resulting in an increasing fragmentation of RTL Group's markets as audiences will 
have more choice (for example through online platforms) and, at the same time, the market-entry barriers are 
being lowered. The possible risks of this for RTL Group are decreasing audience shares and, ultimately, lower 
advertising revenues. These changes may have negative effects on the advertising revenues of the RTL Group 
and/or require substantial investments in new programming or distribution channels to attract audiences. In 
addition, a more fragmented digital environment may affect the relevance of the RTL Group brand to viewers 
and advertisers which may in turn affect the ability of the RTL Group to sell advertising space at adequate 
prices and thereby cause a decrease of advertising revenues. This could negatively affect operating results. 
In January 2017, the EU Commission issued its proposal for a new regulation on privacy and electronic 
communications (ePrivacy Regulation). This regulation would replace the current ePrivacy directive. However, 
as of the date of this Prospectus, the EU Member States have not yet been able to agree on the draft 
legislation. The negotiations of the ePrivacy regulation are still ongoing. 
If the ePrivacy regulation as amended by the Parliament is enacted, which is still uncertain, it would have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Increased competitive pressures may reduce Bertelsmann's revenues or increase Bertelsmann's costs. 
In particular advertising revenues are critically dependent on the sale of commercial advertising time 
or space at competitive prices. The competition for the leisure and entertainment time of audiences has 
intensified in recent years, in part due to advances in technology. 
Bertelsmann Group faces substantial competition in each of its businesses from alternative providers of the 
products and services it offers and from other forms of entertainment. Bertelsmann's businesses compete with 
each other and all other sources of news, information and entertainment, including broadcast television, 
movies, live events, radio broadcasts, home video products, print media and the internet. Technological 
advancements, such as video on demand, new video formats and streaming capabilities and downloading via 
the internet, have increased the number of media and entertainment choices available to consumers and 
intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. The increasing number of choices available to 
audiences could negatively impact not only consumer demand for Bertelsmann's products and services, but 
also advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising space from Bertelsmann's businesses. If Bertelsmann 
Group does not respond appropriately to further increases in the leisure and entertainment choices available to 
consumers, it could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's competitive position and revenues. Bertelsmann

--- Page 12 ---
12 
also must compete to obtain human resources, programming and other resources required in operating its 
businesses. In particular:  
● 
RTL Group's television stations compete for viewers with other broadcast, cable and satellite services as 
well as with streaming services, home video products and internet usage, e.g. Youtube; 
● 
RTL Group's television stations compete for the sale of advertising time with other broadcast, cable and 
satellite services, as well as newspapers, magazines, the internet and streaming providers. The operating 
results of the RTL Group are dependent on the importance of television as an advertising medium and the 
importance to attract paying subscribers to its streaming services. In the highly competitive advertising 
market, factors like the development of audience market shares of the broadcasters of the RTL Group and 
the public funding available to some of the competitors may impair the ability of the RTL Group to increase 
or maintain the current level of advertising sales or pricing; 
● 
RTL Group is in increasing competition for attractive and popular entertainment, sports and other content, 
the acquisition of creative talent and popular entertainers, access to content from third party suppliers such 
as Hollywood studios and subject to changing audience taste. Failures in these areas may affect its ability 
to expand and retain the audience of the RTL Group, increase the programme costs and reduce the 
advertising revenues of the RTL Group; 
● 
Some of RTL Group's publicly owned and funded competitors are subject to limitations regarding the times 
at which they are permitted to broadcast advertising. A loosening of these restrictions may further increase 
competition for advertising revenues and cause a decrease of prices for advertising space; 
● 
Penguin Random House competes with other publishers for established authors; 
● 
Penguin Random House's book business faces increased customer concentration through Amazon; 
● 
BMG competes with other music publishers and/or record labels for songwriters, artists and other talents; 
● 
The economic environment of Bertelsmann Printing Group is characterised by shrinking markets and 
overcapacities. Risks can arise from a continuing market concentration leading to tougher price 
competition and lower margins; 
● 
Much of the advertising is sold to clients or media agencies that enjoy significant bargaining power by 
virtue of the volumes they purchase. Any increase in the client's bargaining power could impair the ability 
of the various companies of the Bertelsmann Group to increase or maintain the current level of advertising 
revenues. 
Competition in each of these areas may divert consumers from Bertelsmann's products, or to other products or 
other forms of entertainment, which could reduce Bertelsmann Group's revenue or increase its marketing 
costs. In addition, competition for the acquisition of resources can increase the cost of producing products and 
services.  
Customer risks, in particular the greater dependence on a few major customers in structural terms, are the 
most significant risks for Bertelsmann Printing Group. There are also risks from the market environment, which 
is characterised by shrinking markets and overcapacity. Risks can arise from a continuing market concentration 
leading to tougher price competition and lower margins. 
In case of failure to integrate newly acquired businesses or implement joint ventures on schedule or on 
the terms and conditions envisaged such businesses and joint ventures may not produce the desired 
or anticipated results 
While Bertelsmann and its subsidiaries pursue selected acquisition and joint venture opportunities, there can 
be no assurance that it will be possible to identify suitable acquisition targets or joint venture partners in the 
future, or that it will be possible to finance such transactions or ventures on acceptable terms. Further, there 
can be no assurances that any acquisitions or joint ventures which have been made or which might be entered 
into in the future will be integrated or implemented successfully or will achieve the desired or expected benefits 
and financial objectives. In evaluating potential acquisition or co-operation opportunities, certain assumptions 
regarding the future combined results of the existing and acquired operations or the envisaged co-operation will 
be made. In certain transactions, the acquisition analysis includes assumptions regarding the consolidation of 
operations and improved operating cost structures for the combined operations. There can be no assurance 
that such synergies or benefits will be achieved on the assumed time schedule or in the assumed amount, if at 
all. Failures or delays in integrating acquisitions or implementing joint ventures could have a material adverse 
effect on Bertelsmann's business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, even in cases in 
which such transactions or ventures are completed on schedule and according to plan, the synergies actually 
resulting from an acquisition or the benefits actually derived from a cooperation can ultimately differ materially 
from Bertelsmann's estimates or expectations, which could have a material adverse effect on Bertelsmann's 
business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Bertelsmann may have difficulties with the recruitment, development and retention of skilled 
employees especially in the tech and data area. In addition, some divisions depend heavily on talents 
to create innovative media content, media-related products, and services and educational offerings in a 
rapidly changing environment. 
The increasing pace of change in the markets, accelerated even more by the coronavirus pandemic, and fast-
moving developments in Bertelsmann’s business segments pose challenges to Bertelsmann's recruitment of 
personnel, particularly in the tech and data area, as well as to its employees who need to be more willing and 
able to adapt in the future. There are also continuing demographic risks that impact the recruitment as well as 
the development and retention of talents due to a shifting age average in the workforce. The coronavirus 
pandemic has also resulted in a shortage of qualified personnel in many operational business areas, and a 
number of measures, in particular customized training opportunities, comprehensive health programs, 
competitive remuneration and flexible working models, are required to counteract this shortage with remaining 
uncertainty if such measures are effective to the extent necessary. If Bertelsmann were unable to recruit, 
develop and retain qualified personnel to the extent necessary, this could have a material adverse effect on 
Bertelsmann's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
Bertelsmann may require substantial debt financing and is therefore susceptible to changes in interest 
rates.  
Bertelsmann requires a wide range of financing in order to finance the operations of its businesses. A 
significant increase in interest rates, substantial delays in payments as well as other events can increase the 
demands on Bertelsmann's liquidity and net working capital. The interest expense from borrowing is influenced 
by market-based fluctuations in interest rates. Increases in interest rates can cause the interest expense to 
increase.  
Bertelsmann attempts to limit some of the risks that arise from changes in interest rates by means of hedging 
transactions. The maturity structure of interest-bearing debt is controlled at two levels, first by selecting 
appropriate fixed interest-rate periods of the original financial liabilities affecting liquidity, then by using interest-
rate derivatives consisting solely of interest-rate swaps. However, there is a risk that these interest-rate 
hedging transactions will not fully protect Bertelsmann and its subsidiaries from fluctuations in interest rates or, 
conversely, will be unnecessary expenses as a result of favourable movements in interest rates. The 
assumptions and decisions Bertelsmann makes with regard to the future movement of interest rates and the 
degree to which Bertelsmann undertakes risk avoidance or tolerates risk therefore have a significant effect on 
the success of the hedging strategy, which if unsuccessful, would have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Existing insurance coverage may turn out to be inadequate 
The Issuer seeks to cover foreseeable risks through insurance coverage. Such insurance coverage, however, 
may not fully cover the risks to which the Issuer is exposed. For certain risks, adequate insurance coverage 
may not be available on the market or may not be available at reasonable conditions. Consequently, any harm 
resulting from the materialisation of these risks could result in significant capital expenditures and expenses as 
well as liabilities, thereby harming the Issuer's business and operating results. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may negatively affect Bertelsmann's reported results. 
Bertelsmann's financial statements are expressed in euro and are, therefore, subject to movements in 
exchange rates on the translation of the financial information of businesses whose operational currencies are 
other than the euro. These so-called translation risks arising are not hedged. The United States are 
Bertelsmann's most important foreign market and, accordingly, significant fluctuations in U.S. dollar/euro 
exchange rates can significantly affect the Issuer's reported results from year to year.  
On-balance-sheet and forecast transactions exposed to foreign currency fluctuation risks are to some extent 
hedged by currency derivatives (currency swaps, futures and forwards). Firm commitments made in foreign 
currency are only partly hedged at the time the commitment is made, with the hedged amount increasing over 
time. There is a risk that these exchange-rate hedging transactions will not fully protect the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries from fluctuations in exchange rates or, conversely, will be unnecessary expenses as a result of 
favourable movements in exchange rates. The assumptions and decisions Bertelsmann makes with regard to 
the future movement of exchange rates and the degree to which Bertelsmann undertakes risk avoidance or 
tolerates risk therefore have a significant effect on the success of the hedging strategy, which if unsuccessful, 
would have an adverse effect on Bertelsmann's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Counterparty Risk from financial transactions with Financial Institutions and non-Financial Institutions 
may exist 
The Issuer continuously invests money at financial and non-financial institutions and enters into derivative 
transactions with financial institutions. In those financial transactions counterparties may not be able to fulfill 
their obligations towards the Issuer, e.g. return investments, pay interest or settle derivative contracts. Although 
the Issuer has implemented a counterparty risk management system and a limit system in order to reduce the 
counterparty risk and the financial impact resulting from the realisation of a counterparty risk, the realisation of 
a counterparty risk and the occurrence of a material adverse financial impact resulting therefrom cannot finally 
be excluded.  
3. 
Legal risks 
Bertelsmann is exposed to legal risks 
Companies of the Bertelsmann Group are, and may in the future be, involved in legal, administrative and 
arbitration proceedings. Such proceedings could involve substantial claims for damages or could involve the 
payment of fines, damages or other payments.  
Several subsidiaries of RTL Group are being sued by the broadcaster RTL 2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG and 
its sales house El Cartel Media GmbH & Co. KG before the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Düsseldorf, 
Germany, seeking disclosure of information to substantiate a possible claim for damages. The proceedings 
follow the imposition of a fine in 2007 by the German Federal Cartel Office for abuse of market dominance 
with regard to discount scheme agreements (share deals) granted by Ad Alliance GmbH (formerly 
IP Deutschland GmbH) and SevenOne Media GmbH to media agencies. The German Federal Cartel Office 
argued that these discounts would foreclose small broadcasters from the advertising market. In 2014, the 
Regional Court (Landgericht) of Düsseldorf decided to order an expert report. The expert concluded in 
February 2018 that the likelihood of damages cannot be proven with certainty. In July 2018, RTL 2 Fernsehen 
GmbH & Co. KG filed a motion claiming that the expert was not impartial, with the aim of getting the court to 
obtain a new expert opinion. Ad Alliance GmbH has rejected the motion of lack of impartiality as unfounded. 
Due to his unexpected death in February 2020, the court expert could not submit his response to the 
allegation of impartiality. The court has announced that It would take a decision on the issue of impartiality in 
the upcoming weeks. The court case will continue. Similar proceedings from other small broadcasters, 
initiated in different courts, were unsuccessful or have been withdrawn. 
In June 2016, the main competitors of Fun Radio alleged that a host of the morning show had influenced Fun 
Radio's results by encouraging his listeners to give favourable treatment to Fun Radio in the Médiamétrie 
surveys. In response to these allegations, Médiamétrie decided to remove Fun Radio from its surveys. 
Following a legal procedure initiated by Fun Radio, Médiamétrie was required to reinstate Fun Radio in the 
audience results surveys as of September 2016. Nevertheless, Médiamétrie decided to lower Fun Radio's 
audience results in its published surveys, alleging the existence of a "halo effect”. Following a procedure 
initiated by Fun Radio, a judicial expert was appointed in December 2017 to examine Médiamétrie's 
assessment of the alleged halo effect. The judicial expert issued in September 2019 his final report, which 
confirmed the "halo effect", but assessed that Fun Radio’s results were overcorrected. As of September 2017, 
Médiamétrie has again published the full audience results for Fun Radio. In parallel to the above procedure, in 
December 2016, the main competitors of Fun Radio also filed a claim for damages, claiming unfair 
competition, but this procedure was suspended until the end of the judicial expertise. In the meantime, four of 
the six claimants withdrew their claim from the proceedings. On 23 January 2023, the Court decided to award 
damages for unfair competition. Fun Radio appealed the Court's decision on 26 January 2023 and is 
confident to achieve a favourable decision before the Court of appeal. 
In November 2019, the Spanish Competition Authority (CNMC) arrived at a decision in disciplinary proceedings 
imposing a fine on Atresmedia and Mediaset and baring both operators from specified courses of conduct. The 
parties were ordered to take steps to align their commercial and contractual relations to the requirements of the 
decision. The fine imposed on Atresmedia amounts to EUR 38.2 million. In 2020, Atresmedia challenged the 
decision by filing an application for judicial review with the Administrative Chamber of the Audiencia Nacional, 
Spain's national court. The application was found admissible. Consequently, Atresmedia will proceed with an 
appeal in the aforementioned court. The directors and legal advisors of Atresmedia believe that the application 
for judicial review against the CNMC's decision is likely to succeed. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Bertelsmann Group.  
Compliance risks 
Even though the Issuer has detailed anti-corruption and integrity processes and rules in place such as the 
Bertelsmann code of conduct and the executive board guideline that expressly prohibit all forms of corruption 
and bribery, there can be no guarantee that no compliance violations will ever occur. The prohibitions outlined

--- Page 15 ---
15 
above also applies to third parties that work for, with or on behalf of Bertelsmann, as stipulated in the supplier 
code of conduct. Along with instructions for dealing with officials, and guidelines for the granting or accepting of 
gifts in the context of business relations, the anti-corruption and integrity executive board guideline prescribes 
appropriate due diligence processes in dealing with third parties. A due diligence review is carried out for each 
individual risk profile through a corresponding risk classification. The general business partner risk and the 
supply chain risk are assessed annually as part of the Bertelsmann compliance risk analysis. However, it 
cannot be fully ruled out that our prevention and control measures as well as our reporting channels may fail 
from time to time, in particular regarding the involvement of third parties and in the case of deliberate, reckless 
or inadvertent acts of our employees or third parties that are in breach with our internal compliance policies or 
any other applicable law. 
Regulatory changes could impact Bertelsmann’s business model 
Bertelsmann is operating world-wide and is therefore subject to a variety of laws and regulations that may 
change from time to time and could thus negatively impact Bertelsmann's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Consequently, Bertelsmann is exposed to a variety of legal and regulatory risks 
concerning, for example, litigation or varying interpretations of tax assessment criteria. Bertelsmann has 
television and radio operations in several European countries that are subject to regulations. In the Federal 
Republic of Germany, for example, the media is subject to oversight by the commission on concentration in the 
media. Moreover, education activities are subject to regulatory provisions of government authorities and 
accreditation bodies. Some of the financial services activities are subject to banking supervision regulations. 
Bertelsmann Group companies occupy leading market positions in many lines of business, and may therefore 
have limited potential for growth through acquisition due to antitrust legislation. Other risks include litigation 
relating to company acquisitions and disposals, as well as increased data protection regulations leading to 
growing challenges, especially for data-based business models. These risks are being continuously monitored 
by the relevant divisions within the Group. 
The investment environment in China continues to be subject to changes. At the same time, the Chinese 
government is tackling what it sees as undesirable social developments by implementing regulatory 
interventions, e.g., currently in the areas of crypto currencies or the outflow of data to foreign countries. This is 
influencing the focus of BAI’s investment activities, the growth expectations of the businesses and possible exit 
channels with regard to the existing portfolio that are increasingly shifting away from the United States to Hong 
Kong and China. After the National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party, a stronger ideologization of 
politics can be observed, with accompanying challenges for the economy. Possible exit timings largely depend 
on the further effects of the COVID-19-pandemic and may generally be pushed back. In addition, current global 
geopolitical tensions may also adversely affect BAI's portfolio. In the meantime, at least an agreement has 
been concluded with regard to the threat of delisting Chinese companies from US stock exchanges in the event 
of non-compliance with the regulatory requirements relating to the selection of the auditing firm and the 
compliance with disclosure requirements, although the practical implementation of this agreement has yet to be 
ascertained. Foreign direct investments in the People’s Republic of China are also subject to regulatory 
restrictions. To satisfy local requirements, some of Bertelsmann’s activities are held by local individuals as part 
of VIE (Variable Interest Entity) structures. These are standard market practices for investments in China and 
are only rarely subject to judicial disputes in China. Therefore, there is a certain risk that it will not be possible 
to safeguard VIE structures through the courts, particularly if the People’s Republic changes its policies or if 
courts and authorities change their case law or administrative practice toward investments by foreigners 
(particularly in respect to VIE structures). Bertelsmann's lawyers and external legal counsel are working closely 
with Bertelsmann Group's legal department to follow further developments in order to anticipate legal and 
economic consequences early on. This affects companies within BMG, Arvato and most investments by BAI. 
The realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Bertelsmann Group.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature with 
the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market price risk, in particular with regard to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Notes. The holders of Notes ("Holders") are 
therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes, which materializes 
if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder of Notes decides to hold the 
Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market 
("market interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate 
of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Holder of 
Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to 
such Holder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of 
such Notes. 
A Holder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should 
be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock exchange and to trade 
Notes on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" or on the professional segment of the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on 
other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, 
there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it 
will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to 
unlisted Notes. If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, 
an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes 
might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether an Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will be subject to early 
redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (early redemption event). 
Furthermore, the Issuer has a right for termination in the case of Floating Rate Notes if a Replacement Rate, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined following a Rate 
Replacement Event as set out in the Terms and Conditions. In addition, each Issuer will always have the right 
to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for 
reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or 
the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed 
to the risk that due to such early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer 
can be expected to exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has 
fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his optional call right if 
the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event, an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the funds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may 
exercise any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes linked to EURIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR) which is deemed to be a "benchmark" (a "Benchmark") and which is the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented.  
Following the implementation of such potential reforms, the manner of administration of a Benchmark may 
change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or a Benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result 
of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining 
exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in a certain Benchmark, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in a certain Benchmark or lead to the disappearance of a certain 
Benchmark.  
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the requirements 
of the Benchmark Regulation. However, the EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. It is 
currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the 
relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes distinguish between fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, such as EURIBOR, 
(including any screen page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor page)) becomes 
temporarily or permanently unavailable (so-called Rate Replacement Event). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular interest period, 
may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding interest period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
relevant screen page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an interest period.  
If a Rate Replacement Event (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of the 
Benchmark) occurs, fallback arrangements will include the possibility that:  
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest could be determined by reference to a Replacement Rate determined by (i) 
the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without any reasonable doubt 
determinable by an investor that is knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, such as the Notes, or 
(ii) failing which, an independent advisor (each the "Relevant Determining Party"); and 
(ii) 
such Replacement Rate may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3 of the 
Terms and Conditions in Option II) to be applied to the Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value between the Issuer and 
the Holders that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Benchmark against the 
Replacement Rate. 
However, the Issuer may be unable to appoint an independent advisor at commercially reasonable terms, 
using reasonable endeavors or the Relevant Determining Party may not be able to determine a Replacement 
Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments (as defined in § 3 of the Terms and 
Conditions in Option II) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes. If a 
Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments cannot be 
determined, the rate of interest for the relevant interest period will be the rate of interest applicable as at the 
last preceding interest determination date before the occurrence of the Rate Replacement Event, or, where the 
Rate Replacement Event occurs before the first interest determination date, the rate of interest will be the initial 
rate of interest. Applying the initial rate of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding 
interest determination date before the occurrence of the Rate Replacement Event could result in Notes linked 
to or referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of 
interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Replacement Rate 
could be determined.  
Ultimately, if the Issuer does not use its right for termination pursuant to § 3 of the Terms and Conditions in 
Option II, it could result in the same Benchmark rate being applied for the determination of the relevant rates of 
interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate

--- Page 18 ---
18 
of interest. In the case that the same Benchmark will be applied for the determination of the relevant rates of 
interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, a Holder would no longer participate in any favourable 
movements of market interest rates. 
Also, even if a Replacement Rate was determined and an Adjustment Spread, if any, was applied to that 
Replacement Rate, such an Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice 
to Holders. The application of an Adjustment Spread, if any, to a Replacement Rate may still result in Floating 
Rate Notes originally linked to or referencing a Benchmark to perform differently (which may include payment 
of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the Benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form.In 
addition, the Relevant Determining Party may also establish that, consequentially, other amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes are necessary to enable the operation of the Replacement 
Rate (which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any methodology or 
definition for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Rate). No consent of the Holders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant Replacement Rate or any other related adjustments and/or amendments 
described above. 
Also in the context of the reference rates reforms outlined above, the European Money Markets Institute, as 
administrator of the EURIBOR, having failed with an attempt to evolve the EURIBOR methodology to a fully 
transaction-based methodology, has developed a hybrid methodology for the determination of EURIBOR that 
takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and modelled data based on expert 
opinions and has obtained regulatory authorisation under the BMR for the EURIBOR so calculated. However, 
since reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are widely regarded as potentially less 
representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based approach and because central 
banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and relevant markets thus are developing towards preferred use 
of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference rates, there is a risk 
that the use or provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long term. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should note that, in the case of a replacement of a Benchmark the Relevant Determining Party will 
have discretion to adjust the Replacement Rate in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Holder, any such adjustment will be favorable to each Holder. 
Investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a 
material adverse effect on the value or the liquidity of, and the amounts payable under Notes whose rate of 
interest is linked to a Benchmark. 
Finally, the BMR (as amended on 13 February 2021) confers implementing powers on the European 
Commission to designate a replacement rate to critical benchmarks such as EURIBOR which are referenced in 
financial instruments such as the Notes. Even though such designation power in principle only applies to 
financial instruments which do not – unlike the Notes – contain a suitable fallback provision, there can be no 
assurance that the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk 
that any Notes linked to or referencing to a Benchmark would be transitioned to a replacement rate designated 
by the European Commission. Furthermore, the Relevant Determining Party could nevertheless take into 
consideration a legally designated replacement rate by the European Commission in accordance with the 
fallback provisions of the Notes. However, there is no guarantee that the European Commission will use its 
designation power and accordingly, a replacement rate designated by the European Commission may not even 
be available. 
Currency risk 
A holder of a Note denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors 
such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in 
the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than in euro in accordance with the 
terms of such Note. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the 
price of the Note and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder, expressed in euro, falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Resolutions of Holders 
Since the Notes provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a Holder is subject to 
the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution is binding on all 
Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or 
reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' representative 
Since the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms and Conditions 
or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual right to 
pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the 
Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT BERTELSMANN SE & CO. KGAA AND 
BERTELSMANN GROUP  
 
1. 
Introduction 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (both the legal and commercial name of the Issuer) ("Bertelsmann", the "Issuer" 
or the "Corporation") is the parent company of the Bertelsmann group of companies (the "Bertelsmann 
Group"). 
According to § 2 of its articles of association (Satzung), the corporate purpose of the Issuer is to manage, as 
holding company, a group of companies which are active, in particular, in the following industry sectors: 
 Manufacture, sale of products as well as the administration and exploitation of rights in the fields of 
television, music and film as well as radio and other forms of electronic or digital individual and mass 
communication, in particular, the manufacture and sale of television and radio contributions and programs, 
television and cinema movies, music contributions and programs of all kinds; dissemination of television 
and radio programs and other electronic or digital communications offerings as well as respective program 
segments as television and radio organiser and as provider of electronic or digital communications services 
of all kinds; 
 Publishing and sale of books of all kinds (including audiovisual, electronic and digital issues, independent of 
the technical sales channel), in particular, the operation of book publication and trading companies and 
related companies, both trade publisher as well as companies for the sale of commercial and specialised 
information for commercial and private consumers; 
 Publishing and sale of newspapers, magazines and other printed products of all kinds (including electronic 
and digital issues, independent of the technical sales channel);  
 Performance of services of all kinds for commercial and private consumers, namely in the fields of media, 
communication, outsourcing and education as well as the business activities related thereto, including the 
manufacture and the sale of printing, electronic technical products, sound, data and image storage media of 
all kinds as well as the administration and exploitation of rights of all kinds (with and without copyright or 
other intellectual property rights). 
The Issuer can also transact business itself in the above designated fields, in particular individual business 
transactions. It shall be entitled to undertake all actions and measures which are related to the company 
objects or which are appropriate directly or indirectly to serve such, also for preceding or succeeding market 
levels. The same shall apply also for financing transactions and other legal transactions and measures which 
concern the Issuer as a holding company or which are in the interest of the companies managed by it. 
The Issuer can incorporate, acquire and participate as shareholder in other companies, in particular, in such 
which have respective company objects which cover either entirely or partially the company objects designated 
above. For the purpose of the investment of financial resources, the Issuer is entitled to participate as 
shareholder in companies of any kind. It can change companies structurally of which it participates as a 
shareholder, consolidate them under common management or restrict itself to their administration. The Issuer 
can establish both domestic and foreign branches. 
2. 
Selected Financial Information 
In the financial year 2022, Group revenues of Bertelsmann passed the EUR 20 billion mark and increased by 
8.3 per cent. to EUR 20.2 billion (previous year: EUR 18.7 billion), driven by organic growth of 4.1 per cent. 
Revenues increased in almost all corporate divisions, above all in the service, education, entertainment and 
music businesses. The Bertelsmann Education Group more than doubled its revenues, mainly due to portfolio-
related effects. Bertelsmann's Operating EBITDA from continuing operations of EUR 3,192 million remained on 
a high level (previous year: EUR 3,241 million). Strong earnings growth in the education and music businesses 
as well as in the service businesses nearly offset higher start-up losses for RTL streaming businesses and 
lower profits at Penguin Random House and the Bertelsmann Printing Group. The EBITDA margin was 
15.8 per cent. (previous year: 17.3 per cent.). Group profit amounted to EUR 1,052 million, compared to 
EUR 2,310 million in the previous year. The previous year figure included high earnings contributions from 
company disposals and from Bertelsmann Investments. The Group profit in the financial year 2022 included 
earnings after taxes from discontinued operations of EUR 3 million (previous year: –). 
EBIT, Operating EBITDA, EBITDA margin and organic growth are financial measures presented in this 
Prospectus which are not recognised financial measures under IFRS ("Non-GAAP Financial Measures") and 
may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting 
standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP Financial Measures"). The

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Issuer has provided these Non-GAAP Financial Measures and other information in this Prospectus because it 
believes they provide investors with additional information to assess the economic situation of the Bertelsmann 
Group business activities. The definition of the Non-GAAP Financial Measures may vary from the definition of 
identically named Non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures used by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to net income/loss after income taxes, 
revenues or any other measures derived in accordance with IFRS as measures of operating performance. 
These Non-GAAP Financial Measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in 
isolation or as substitutes for analysis of results as reported under IFRS. 
EBIT is determined as earnings before interest and taxes. The Issuer presents EBIT as an additional indicator 
to assess its operating result excluding its financial result and income taxes. The EBIT is reconciled in the 
consolidated income statement, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. 
Operating EBITDA is determined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
losses and reversals of impairment losses, and is adjusted for special items. The Issuer presents operating 
EBITDA as an additional indicator to assess its operating performance excluding special items serve to 
determine a sustainable operating result that could be repeated under normal economic circumstances, which 
is not affected by special factors or structural distortions. These special items primarily include impairment 
losses and reversals of impairment losses, fair value measurements, restructuring expenses and results from 
disposals of investments. This means that operating EBITDA is a meaningful performance indicator for the 
Bertelsmann Group. Not included in the special items are disposal effects of real estate transactions. To 
preclude a double adjustment, amortisation/depreciation, impairment and reversals already included in the 
special items are eliminated by means of a correction. 
The EBITDA margin is calculated as a percentage of Operating EBITDA to Group revenues. 
The organic growth is calculated by adjusting the reported revenue growth for the impact of exchange rate 
effects, acquisitions and disposals, as well as other effects. When determining the exchange rate effects, the 
functional currency that is valid in the respective country is used. The other effects include changes in methods 
and presentation, for example. Exchange rate effects are alculated by comparing the revenues of the current 
year with these revenues converted with the exchange rates of the previous year. Portfolio effects are 
calculated to the exact month: in the case of acquisitions, the relevant months in the current year and in the 
following year are adjusted, in the case of disposals, both in the current and the following year the non-
comparable months of the respective previous year are excluded. 
Reconciliation to Operating EBITDA (Continuing Operations) 
in EUR millions 
2022 
2021 
EBIT 
1,553 
3,324 
Less special items 
 
 
– impairment on goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life as well 
as gains from business combinations 
(7) 
- 
– adjustment to carrying amounts on assets held for sale 
- 
(6) 
– impairment (-)/reversals (+) on other financial assets at amortized cost 
(32) 
(1) 
– impairment (-)/reversals (+) on investments accounted for using the equity method 
(7) 
2 
– results from disposals of investments 
136 
786 
– fair value measurement of investments 
(232) 
483 
– restructuring and other special items 
(420) 
(301) 
Less amortization/depreciation, impairment and reversals on intangible assets, 
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 
(1,099) 
(909) 
Less adjustments on amortization/depreciation, impairment and reversals on 
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets included in 
special items 
22 
29 
Operating EBITDA 
3,192 
3,241 
 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bertelsmann Group had 164,691 employees worldwide. 
The following table presents selected financial information of the Issuer, which was extracted from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021:

--- Page 22 ---
22 
in EUR millions 
2022 
2021 
Revenues 
20,245 
18,696 
EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes)1 
1,553 
3,324 
Group profit or loss 
1,052 
2,310 
Balance sheet total 
32,818 
31,7692 
Equity 
15,036 
13,6062 
3. 
Capitalisation of Bertelsmann Group 
The following table presents selected financial information of the Issuer, which was extracted from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 and sets forth 
the consolidated capitalisation of the Bertelsmann Group as at the dates indicated below: 
in EUR millions 
2022 
2021 
Balance sheet total 
32,818 
31,7692 
Thereof: 
 
 
Non-current Financial debt 
5,199 
4,857 
Current Financial debt 
278 
747 
Cashflow from operating activities 
1,382 
1,8202 
Cashflow from investing activities 
(1,118) 
(267) 
Cashflow from financing activities 
(1,734) 
(1,695)2 
4. 
General, History and Development of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA 
Bertelsmann is incorporated and operates under German law. It is registered in the commercial register of the 
local court (Amtsgericht) of Gütersloh under HRB 9194 and has its corporate seat in Gütersloh, Federal 
Republic of Germany, and its office address is Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 Gütersloh, Federal Republic 
of Germany, telephone number: +49 52 41 80 0. Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 
5299001BUUGXAREGE533. 
Bertelsmann was founded as a regional publishing house under the name C. Bertelsmann Verlag oHG in 
Gütersloh in 1835 which was first transformed into a stock corporation in 1971 and thereafter into a partnership 
limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien - KGaA). 
5. 
Investments and Financing 
There have been no material investments since 31 December 2022. 
The main sources of financing to ensure Bertelsmann’s short-term liquidity are cash holdings, money market 
lines, revolving credit facilities and overdraft facilities. The medium- and long-term financing of Bertelsmann 
includes traditional bank financing, revolving loan facilities, promissory notes and the issuance of bonds and 
notes being due in the time period from 2024 until 2075. Bertelsmann concluded a public repurchase offer for 
certain outstanding bonds in January 2022 with a total buyback volume of EUR 146 million, a public 
repurchase offer in November 2022 for the EUR 650 million hybrid bond with a first calldate in April 2023 with a 
total buyback volume of EUR 504 million and repaid nominal amount of EUR 750 million for a bond in August 
(outstanding EUR 539 million). In November 2022, a benchmark bond in the amount of EUR 750 million was 
issued with a coupon of 3.5 per cent. and a term of 6.5 years. The Brazilian education company Afya, which is 
majority owned and controlled by Bertelsmann Group, placed a publicly listed bond for 500 million Brazilian real 
("BRL") in December 2022. The nominal volume of the bond is due in two equal tranches in 2027 and 2028. 
Bertelsmann has no further maturities until 2023. As of 31 December 2022, there was liquidity available in the 
amount of EUR 3,228 million. In addition to available liquidity, Bertelsmann has access to a syndicated credit 
                                                 
1  
EBIT is not a measure of performance under IFRS. EBIT is determined as earnings before interest and taxes and is reconciled 
in the consolidated income statement. 
2  
Comparative information was corrected in 2022 for the prior period presented in the audited consolidated financial statements 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
facility that was unutilized as of 31 December 2022. Under the credit facility Bertelsmann may draw up to 
EUR 1.2 billion of revolving funds in euros and U.S. dollars with a term until 2026. 
6. 
Business Overview and Principal Markets 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA is a capital-market-oriented but unlisted partnership limited by shares. As a 
Group holding company, it exercises central corporate functions such as the specification and development of 
the Group's strategy, capital allocation, financing and management development. Internal corporate 
management and reporting follow the Group's organisational structure, which consists of the operating 
divisions and Corporate. 
Bertelsmann operates in the core business fields of media, services and education and funds in around 50 
countries worldwide. The geographic core markets are Western Europe – in particular, the Federal Republic of 
Germany, France and the United Kingdom – and the United States. In addition, Bertelsmann is strengthening 
its involvement in growth markets such as Brazil, India and China. The Bertelsmann divisions are RTL Group 
(entertainment), Penguin Random House (books), BMG (music), Arvato (services), Bertelsmann Printing Group 
(printing), Bertelsmann Education Group (education) and Bertelsmann Investments (international network of 
funds). As of 1 January 2022, Gruner + Jahr is no longer reported as an independent division. The German 
magazine businesses and brands have been part of the RTL Group division since the beginning of the financial 
year 2022. The remaining Gruner + Jahr activities (particularly Territory, the AppLike Group, DDV 
Mediengruppe and the investment in the Spiegel Group) were allocated to the Bertelsmann Investments 
division. 
RTL Group 
RTL Group is one of the leading European entertainment groups in the broadcasting, streaming, content, 
publishing and digital business, with interests in 56 television channels, nine streaming platforms, and 36 radio 
stations. RTL Group's television channels include RTL Television in Germany, M6 in France and the RTL 
channels in the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Hungary, as well as a stake in Atresmedia in Spain. The 
streaming services include RTL+ in the Federal Republic of Germany and Hungary, Videoland in the 
Netherlands and 6play in France. The content business, Fremantle, is one of the largest international creators, 
producers and distributors of scripted and unscripted content in the world. The streaming tech company 
Bedrock and the ad-tech company Smartclip are also part of RTL Group. RTL Group is a listed company and a 
member of the German MDAX index. 
Penguin Random House 
Penguin Random House is, based on revenue, the world's largest trade book publisher, with more than 300 
imprints and book brands across six continents. Its well-known imprints include Doubleday, Riverhead, Viking 
and Alfred A. Knopf (United States); Ebury, Hamish Hamilton and Jonathan Cape (United Kingdom); Goldmann 
and Heyne (Federal Republic of Germany); Plaza & Janés and Alfaguara (Spain); Sudamericana (Argentina); 
and the international imprint Dorling Kindersley. Each year Penguin Random House publishes about 16,000 
new titles and sells more than 700 million print books, e-books and audiobooks. 
BMG 
BMG is an international music company with 22 offices in 13 core music markets, now representing more than 
three million songs and recordings, including iconic catalogs and renowned artists and songwriters such as 
Jason Aldean, Kylie Minogue, Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, Lewis Capaldi, Bebe Rexha, No Angels, Rita 
Ora, Tina Turner and many more. 
Arvato 
Arvato is an international service provider that develops and implements custom-made solutions for all kinds of 
business processes, for customers in a wide range of sectors in more than 40 countries. These include 
customer experience, logistics, financial services and IT Services. The customer experience company Majorel, 
in which Bertelsmann owns a stake of almost 40 per cent., is listed on the stock market. 
Bertelsmann Printing Group 
The Bertelsmann Printing Group unites Bertelsmann's printing and direct marketing activities. They include all 
the Group's gravure, offset and book printing companies in Germany, the United Kingdom and the United 
States as well as numerous direct marketing service providers and the storage media producer Sonopress. 
Bertelsmann Education Group 
The Bertelsmann Education Group comprises Bertelsmann's education activities. The group's companies focus 
on the healthcare sector, in particular education and training, and deliver innovative ways of teaching and 
learning for students and professionals, and performance management solutions for organizations. Portfolio 
companies include the US continuing education and workforce management solution provider Relias, the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
professional practice oriented Alliant University, the Brazilian company Afya, a provider of medical education 
and training, as well as venture fund investments. 
Bertelsmann Investments 
Bertelsmann Investments comprises Bertelsmann's global network of funds, the newly created unit 
Bertelsmann Next, and the Investments & Participations unit. Investments are largely made through the funds 
Bertelsmann Asia Investments (BAI), Bertelsmann India Investments (BII) and Bertelsmann Digital Media 
Investments (BDMI). In addition, Bertelsmann Investments makes key direct and/or fund investments in the 
regions South-East Asia, Latin America, Europe and Africa. The Bertelsmann Next unit is driving the 
entrepreneurial development of new growth sectors and lines of business, in particular in the areas of digital 
health, app marketing and HR tech. The Investments & Participations unit includes Territory, DDV 
Mediengruppe and the stake in the Spiegel-Gruppe. 
7. 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Bertelsmann Group comprising a total of more than 900 companies 
(included in the group's consolidated financial statements) located in most countries of the world. 
8. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
9. 
Administrative, Supervisory Boards and Management 
In its legal form of a KGaA (partnership limited by shares) the business management is conducted by a 
personally liable shareholder (General Partner). In the case of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA Bertelsmann 
Management SE, represented by its Executive Board, is responsible for the group management. 
Bertelsmann Management SE is incorporated under German law. It is registered in the commercial register of 
the local court (Amtsgericht) of Gütersloh under HRB 9084 and has its corporate seat in Gütersloh, Federal 
Republic of Germany, and its office address is Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 Gütersloh, Federal Republic 
of Germany, telephone number: +49 52 41 80 0. 
9.1. Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA 
The Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA consists of the following 15 members.  
 
Mohn, Christoph, Chairman 
 
Bauer, Prof. Dr.-Ing. Werner Josef, Vice Chairman 
 
Asam, Dominik 
 
Cabutí, Núria 
 
Göbel, Günter 
 
Nitsa Kalispera 
 
Leukert, Bernd 
 
Levy-Weiss, Gigi 
 
Maier, Jens 
 
Mohn, Dr. Brigitte 
 
Mohn, Elisabeth 
 
Pötsch, Hans Dieter 
 
Poulsen, Henrik 
 
Stricker, Ilka 
 
Uebber, Bodo 
Their position within the Supervisory Board as well as the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer are published in the section "Boards/Mandates" of the Annual Report 2022 of the Issuer, incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. Furthermore, the Annual Report 2022 shows their membership of other 
supervisory boards and comparable bodies. As of the date of the Prospectus, there have been no changes to 
the composition of the Supervisory Board or the principal outside activities performed by members of the 
Supervisory Board disclosed in the Annual Report 2022 which are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
9.2 Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann Management SE 
The following table sets forth the names of the 10 members of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann 
Management SE, their positions on the Supervisory Boards as well as the principal activities currently 
performed by them outside the Issuer. Furthermore, the table shows their membership of other supervisory 
boards and comparable bodies.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Christoph Mohn 
Chairman  
Chairman of the Board of Bertelsmann Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH (BVG) 
Chairman of the Reinhard Mohn Stiftung 
Managing Director, Christoph Mohn Internet Holding GmbH 
 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Werner J. Bauer 
Vice Chairman 
Former Executive Vice President of Nestlé AG for Innovation, Technology, Research and Development 
 
#  Givaudan S.A. (Vice Chairman) 
#  LONZA S.A. (until 5 May 2022) 
#  SIG Group AG (Vice Chairman) 
 
Dominik Assam  
Chief Financial Officer and member of the Executive Board SAP SE (Since 7 March 2023) 
Chief Financial Officer Airbus SE (until 28 February 2023) 
 
 
Airbus Bank GmbH (Chairman) (until 28 February 2023) 
 
Airbus Defence and Space GmbH (Chairman) (until 28 February 2023) 
 
Premium Aerotec GmbH (Chairman) (until 28 February 2023) 
#  Airbus Canada L.P. (until 28 February 2023) 
 
Bernd Leukert  
Member of the Executive Board for Technology, Data and Innovation of Deutsche Bank AG  
 
 
DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA 
 
Gigi Levy-Weiss 
General Partner NfX, Angel Investor 
 
# 
Authorizon, Inc. 
# 
Breeze (Blue Ocean Data Solutions, Inc.) 
# 
Bridgecrew inc.  
# 
Caja Elastic Dynamic Solutions Ltd. 
# 
Circles Workshops Ltd. (7 Chairs Ltd.) 
# 
Constru Ltd. (until 2 May 2022) 
# 
Elmik Touristic Services Ltd.  
# 
Faddom Ltd. (since 31 January 2022) 
# 
Fantasy Advantage, Ltd. (Sidelines) 
# 
GameJam Ltd.  
# 
Hip Mobility, Inc.  
# 
IMA Ventures Ltd. 
# 
ImagenAI Ltd. 
# 
Inception VR, Inc. 
# 
Inception VR (Israel) Ltd. 
# 
Inception VR (UK) Ltd.  
# 
Karma (Shoptagr Ltd.) 
# 
Komodor, Inc.  
# 
Landa Holdings, Inc. 
# 
Moon Active Ltd. 
# 
Mov.Al Ltd.  
# 
NFX Capital Israel Ltd.  
# 
NFX Capital UK, Ltd. 
# 
Octoplay Ltd. (since 20 January 2022) 
# 
Papaya Gaming Ltd.  
# 
PayEm Card, Ltd. 
# 
Permit, Inc. 
# 
Pocket Pie Ltd. 
# 
Premium Domains Ltd. 
# 
Propel (Z.M. Corporation Ltd.) 
# 
Reach Digital Inc. 
# 
Renegade Insurance, Inc. 
# 
Ridge (Tectonic Labs Ltd) 
# 
Sauce (Say2Eat, Inc.) (since 2 November 2022)

--- Page 26 ---
26 
# 
ScaleOps Labs Ltd. (since 25 May 2022) 
# 
Snax Games Ltd. 
# 
Super.ai, Inc. 
# 
Theator Inc.  
# 
Triple Whale, Inc. 
# 
TrustMed Ltd. 
# 
Ultra Horse Ltd. (since 9 August 2022) 
# 
Utila Inc. (since 17 March 2022) 
# 
Veriti (Cytune, Ltd.) 
# 
Volunteer Directly Ltd.  
# 
Walnut Ltd. 
# 
Zengaming, INC. 
 
Dr. Brigitte Mohn 
Member of the Executive Board, Bertelsmann Stiftung 
 
 
Phineo gAG 
 
Stiftung RTL – Wir helfen Kindern e.V. 
# 
Clue by Biowink GmbH 
 
Elisabeth Mohn 
 
Hans Dieter Pötsch 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Volkswagen AG 
Chairman of the Executive Board, Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
 
 
AUDI AG, Ingolstadt 
 
Autostadt GmbH, Wolfsburg 
 
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG 
 
TRATON SE, München (Chairman) 
 
Wolfsburg AG 
# 
Porsche Austria Gesellschaft m.b.H., Salzburg (Chairman) 
# 
Porsche Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., Salzburg (Chairman) 
# 
Porsche Retail GmbH, Salzburg (Chairman) 
 
Henrik Poulsen 
Former Chairman of the Executive Board Ørsted, 
Senior Advisor to A.P. Møller Holding 
 
# 
Carlsberg A/S (Chairman) 
# 
Faerch Group A/S (Chairman) 
# 
ISS A/S (Vice Chairman) (until 7 April 2022) 
# 
Novo Holding A/S  
# 
Novo Nordisk A/S (Vice Chairman since 24 March 2022) 
# 
Ørsted A/S (until 7 March 2023) 
 
Bodo Uebber 
Former Member of the Executive Board, Daimler AG 
Finance & Controlling / Daimler Financial Services 
 
 
Adidas AG  
 
Evercore GmbH (Chairman) 
 
 
Membership of statutory domestic supervisory boards 
# 
Membership of comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of business enterprises 
Currently, all 10 members of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann Management SE are also members of the Supervisory Board of 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
9.3 Committees of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA 
Audit and Finance Committee 
Bodo Uebber (Chairman) 
Kai Brettmann (until 20 October 2022) 
Günter Göbel (since 1 January 2023) 
Christoph Mohn 
Hans Dieter Pötsch 
 
Working Group of Employee Representatives 
Elisabeth Mohn (Chairwoman) 
Kai Brettmann (until 20 October 2022) 
Núria Cabutí 
Günter Göbel 
Nitsa Kalispera (since 23 March 2023) 
Jens Maier (since 20 October 2022) 
Ilka Stricker (since 20 October 2022) 
Christiane Sussieck (until 30 September 2022) 
9.4 Committees of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann Management SE 
Personnel Committee  
Christoph Mohn (Chairman) 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Werner J. Bauer 
Elisabeth Mohn 
Hans Dieter Pötsch  
Bodo Uebber 
Program Committee  
Christoph Mohn (Chairman) 
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Werner J. Bauer 
Dr. Brigitte Mohn 
Hans Dieter Pötsch 
9.5 Bertelsmann Management SE, the personally liable partner 
Members of the Executive Board of Bertelsmann Management SE 
The Executive Board of Bertelsmann Management SE consists of the following 3 members. 
Dr. Thomas Rabe, Chairman  
Dr. Rolf Hellermann  
Dr. Immanuel Hermreck 
The position of Dr. Rabe, Dr. Hellermann and Dr. Hermreck within the Executive Board as well as the principal 
activities currently performed by them outside the Issuer are published in the section "Boards/Mandates" of the 
Annual Report 2022 of the Issuer, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Furthermore, the Annual 
Report 2022 shows their membership of other supervisory boards and comparable bodies. As of the date of the 
Prospectus, there have been no changes to the composition of the Executive Board or the principal outside 
activities performed by members of the Executive Board disclosed in the Annual Report 2022 which are 
significant with respect to the Issuer. 
The business address of each of the members of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, of 
the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann Management SE and of the Executive Board of Bertelsmann 
Management SE is Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 Gütersloh. There are no 
conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the members of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann 
SE & Co. KGaA, of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann Management SE and of the Executive Board of 
Bertelsmann Management SE and their private interests and/or duties. The members of these boards accept 
memberships on the Supervisory Board of other corporations within the limits prescribed by laws. 
9.6 Board Practices 
The Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA supervises the management of the business by the 
general partner and has extensive information and control rights for this purpose. In addition, the Supervisory 
Boards advise the Executive Board on strategic matters and significant business operations. The Executive 
and Supervisory Boards work in close cooperation and are therefore able to reconcile the demands of effective 
corporate governance with the need for rapid decision-making. Fundamental matters of corporate strategy and

--- Page 28 ---
28 
their implementation are discussed openly and coordinated in joint sessions. Any significant measures to be 
taken by the Executive Board are subject to approval. 
The Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and Bertelsmann Management SE shareholders exercise their rights and 
vote at the respective Annual General Meetings. The Annual General Meetings vote on amendments to the 
articles of association and elect members to the respective Supervisory Board. The members of the Executive 
and Supervisory Boards are obliged to serve the company's best interests in their work. 
For some time, an integral component of the Supervisory Board's work at Bertelsmann has been the delegation 
of tasks to committees of experts. This serves to increase the monitoring efficiency and advisory expertise of 
the Supervisory Boards. The Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann Management SE has formed a Personnel 
Committee and a Program Committee, while the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA has 
formed an Audit and Finance Committee and a Working Group of Employee Representatives. 
The Personnel Committee also performs the tasks of a nomination committee, in which capacity it recommends 
to the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann Management SE suitable candidates for endorsement at the Annual 
General Meeting. 
The Program Committee shall, in place of the Supervisory Board, resolve upon the approval of the Supervisory 
Board concerning the conclusion of program output deals of RTL Group, for example feature films, series or 
sports rights. 
The Audit and Finance Committee of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA is also regularly 
involved in the accounting process and monitors the effectiveness of the internal control system, risk 
management system, and internal auditing system. It also monitors compliance within the Group. 
All these committees mentioned above prepare the topics to be addressed during the Supervisory Boards' 
plenary meetings. The chairmen of each committee then report to the plenary meetings on the work performed. 
The Supervisory Boards' decision-making powers have been transferred to the committees to the extent 
permitted by law. The breadth and range of responsibilities and tasks delegated to these committees are 
continuously reviewed through various evaluation processes. The appropriate size of the Supervisory Boards 
and the professional expertise of their members who are drawn from a broad range of industries and areas of 
activity are key factors in Bertelsmann's effectiveness and independence. 
The Working Group of Employee Representatives on the Supervisory Board facilitates the Executive Board's 
dialog with employee representatives on the Supervisory Board about corporate culture issues as well as the 
preparation and discussion of matters that are relevant to the Supervisory Board. The creation of this Working 
Group is indicative of the special corporate culture at Bertelsmann, which promotes active partnership, and this 
idea has proven highly productive in practice. 
10. Historical Financial Information 
The consolidated financial statements of Bertelsmann for the financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 are incorporated herein by reference. 
11. Statutory Auditors 
Statutory auditors of Bertelsmann are KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("KPMG"), Nikolaus-
Dürkopp-Str. 2a, 33602 Bielefeld, Federal Republic of Germany. KPMG is a member of the chamber of public 
accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
12. Auditing of Historical Annual Financial Information 
KPMG audited Bertelsmann's consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 2021. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the EU (IFRS). In each case an unqualified auditor's report has 
been provided. 
The Auditor's Report on the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 is 
dated 21 March 2023. The Auditor's Report on the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2021 is dated 17 March 2022.  
13. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Bertelsmann, with its worldwide operations, is always exposed to a variety of legal and regulatory risks ranging 
from litigation to varying interpretations of tax assessment criteria. These risks are being continuously 
monitored by the relevant departments within the Group. Except as disclosed in this section "Legal and 
Arbitration Proceedings", there are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or

--- Page 29 ---
29 
have had in the 12 months preceding the date of this document a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
Several subsidiaries of RTL Group are being sued by the broadcaster RTL 2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG and 
its sales house El Cartel Media GmbH & Co. KG before the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Düsseldorf, 
Germany, seeking disclosure of information to substantiate a possible claim for damages. The proceedings 
follow the imposition of a fine in 2007 by the German Federal Cartel Office for abuse of market dominance with 
regard to discount scheme agreements (share deals) granted by Ad Alliance GmbH (formerly IP Deutschland 
GmbH) and SevenOne Media GmbH to media agencies. The German Federal Cartel Office argued that these 
discounts would foreclose small broadcasters from the advertising market. In 2014, the Regional Court 
(Landgericht) of Düsseldorf decided to order an expert report. The expert concluded in February 2018 that the 
likelihood of damages cannot be proven with certainty. In July 2018, RTL 2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG filed a 
motion claiming that the expert was not impartial, with the aim of getting the court to obtain a new expert 
opinion. Ad Alliance GmbH has rejected the motion of lack of impartiality as unfounded. Due to his unexpected 
death in February 2020, the court expert could not submit his response to the allegations of impartiality. The 
court has announced that it would take a decision on the issue of impartiality in the upcoming weeks. The court 
case will continue. Similar proceedings from other small broadcasters, initiated in different courts, were 
unsuccessful or have been withdrawn. 
In June 2016, the main competitors of Fun Radio alleged that a host of the morning show had influenced Fun 
Radio's results by encouraging his listeners to give favourable treatment to Fun Radio in the Médiamétrie 
surveys. In response to these allegations, Médiamétrie decided to remove Fun Radio from its surveys. 
Following a legal procedure initiated by Fun Radio, Médiamétrie was required to reinstate Fun Radio in the 
audience results surveys as of September 2016. Nevertheless, Médiamétrie decided to lower Fun Radio's 
audience results in its published surveys, alleging the existence of a "halo effect”. Following a procedure 
initiated by Fun Radio, a judicial expert was appointed in December 2017 to examine Médiamétrie's 
assessment of the alleged halo effect. The judicial expert issued in September 2019 his final report, which 
confirmed the "halo effect”, but assessed that Fun Radio’s results were overcorrected. As of September 2017, 
Médiamétrie has again published the full audience results for Fun Radio. In parallel to the above procedure, in 
December 2016, the main competitors of Fun Radio also filed a claim for damages, claiming unfair competition, 
but this procedure was suspended until the end of the judicial expertise. In the meantime, four of the six 
claimants withdrew their claim from the proceedings. On 23 January 2023, the Court decided to award 
damages for unfair competition. Fun Radio appealed the Court's decision on 26 January 2023 and is confident 
to achieve a favourable decision before the Court of appeal. 
In November 2019, the Spanish Competition Authority (CNMC) arrived at a decision in disciplinary proceedings 
imposing a fine on Atresmedia and Mediaset and baring both operators from specified courses of conduct. The 
parties were ordered to take steps to align their commercial and contractual relations to the requirements of the 
decision. The fine imposed on Atresmedia amounts to EUR 38.2 million. In 2020, Atresmedia challenged the 
decision by filing an application for judicial review with the Administrative Chamber of the Audiencia Nacional, 
Spain's national court. The application was found admissible. Consequently, Atresmedia will proceed with an 
appeal in the aforementioned court. The directors and legal advisors of Atresmedia believe that the application 
for judicial review against the CNMC's decision is likely to succeed. 
14. Share Capital 
The Issuer's registered share capital (Grundkapital) currently amounts to EUR 1,000,000,000. It is divided into 
83,760 ordinary no-par-value shares. All shares are fully paid-up. All shares of the limited partnership are, in 
accordance with legal provisions, entitled to vote (stimmberechtigt) and benefit (bezugsberechtigt). 
Three foundations (Bertelsmann Stiftung, Reinhard Mohn Stiftung, and BVG-Stiftung) indirectly hold 80.9 per 
cent. of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA shares, with the remaining 19.1 per cent. held indirectly by the Mohn 
family. Bertelsmann Verwaltungsgesellschaft (BVG) controls all voting rights at the Bertelsmann SE & Co. 
KGaA and Bertelsmann Management SE General Meetings. 
15. Material Contracts 
In the usual course of its business, Bertelsmann enters into numerous contracts with various other parties. 
Bertelsmann has not, however, entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its business 
within the past two years. 
16. Recent Events 
In early January 2023, Afya announced the closing of the acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares of 
Sociedade Educacional e Cultural Sergipe DelRey Ltda., which encompasses the operations of Centro 
Universitario Tiradentes Alagoas ("UNIT Alagoas") and Faculdade Tiradentes Jaboatao dos Guararapes ("FITS 
Jaboatao dos Guararapes"). The transaction does not enclose the "UNIT" and "FITS" brands, which will be 
licensed for Afya during the first year of operation.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
In January 2023, Global Savings Group (GSG), an at-equity investment held by Groupe M6, completed the 
acquisition of pepper.com. This transaction resulted in a dilution of the Groupe M6's investment in GSG from 
41.49 per cent. at 31 December 2022 to 31.16 per cent. 
In January 2023, Prinovis announced plans to cease production at its Ahrensburg location as of 31 January 
2024. The reason for this is the negative market development, which has accelerated in recent years. The 
number of employees affected by this business decision is 545. 
In early February 2023, it was announced, that RTL Deutschland would restructure its publishing business and 
focus on the core brands Stern, Geo, Capital, Stern Crime, Brigitte, Gala, Schöner Wohnen, Häuser, Couch, 
Eltern, Chefkoch, Geolino and Geolini Mini. All other titles are to be sold or discontinued. This will affect around 
700 jobs, 200 of those as a result of the planned sale of titles. 
In March 2023, Bertelsmann execised a termination option on the hybrid bond with a nominal value of EUR 650 
million. The early repayment of the outstanding nominal value of EUR 146 million will be in April 2023, after a 
nominal amount of EUR 504 million was already repaid early in December 2022 as part of a public repurchase 
offer. 
17. Significant Change in Bertelsmann's financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of Bertelsmann since 31 December 2022. There 
has not been any significant change in the financial performance of Bertelsmann since 31 December 2022, the 
end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published, to the date of the 
Prospectus. 
18. Rating 
Bertelsmann has been rated by the rating agencies Moody's Investors Service España S.A. ("Moody's")1,2 and 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")3 since June 2002. The issuer rating of Bertelsmann SE & Co. 
KGaA is currently "Baa2"1,4 (outlook: stable)4 from Moody's and as "BBB" (outlook: stable)3,4 from S&P. Both 
credit ratings are in the investment grade category. Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA's short-term credit quality 
rating is "P-2"4,5 from Moody's and "A-2"4,5 from S&P. The agency ratings facilitate access to international 
capital markets and are a key element of Bertelsmann's financial security. 
19. Documents Available 
The Articles of Association and the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus are available in 
electronic form under http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-programme/ and 
may also be inspected at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg during 
its business hours. 
                                                 
1 
Moody's is established in the European Community and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Obligations rated "Baa" are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa to 
Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligations ranks in the higher end of its negeric rating category; the modifier 2 indicates 
a mid-range raking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic category. A rating outlook is an 
opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. The "stable" designation means that a rating is not likely to 
change. 
2  
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-
certified-CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five 
working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall 
publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
3 
S&P is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. An obligation rated "BBB" exhibits 
adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to 
a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. The ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be 
modified by the addition of a plus ("+") or minus ("-") sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. A rating 
outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. The "stable" designation means that a rating is 
not likely to change. 
4  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
5 
An obligor rated "P-2" respectively "A-2" has a strong capacity to meet its short-term debt obligations.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued 
under the Programme is entitled to use the Prospectus in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of Austria and The Netherlands for the subsequent 
resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the 
applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, 
provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus also with respect to 
such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Bertelsmann 
(http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-programme/). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with the 
restrictions specified in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and the "PROHIBITION 
OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if 
any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or 
the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of 
the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website that it 
uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES  
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of terms and 
conditions set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the provisions of the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms 
provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I: Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
- 
Option II: Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or 
Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated 
and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which 
will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of 
documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or 
are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the 
relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus only. The Final 
Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a 
particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set 
out in the Prospectus attached.  
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of 
Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options 
(characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out 
either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) 
which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an 
alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.  
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in

--- Page 33 ---
33 
the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany 
("Germany"), or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German 
will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, 
however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions 
will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and Bertelsmann, as specified on the back 
cover of this Prospectus. 
- 
In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
Introduction 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth 
below for two options: 
 
 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with fixed interest rates. 
 
 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with floating interest rates. 
 
 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further 
options, which are characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in 
square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of the Option I or Option II 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with 
respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions 
or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the Issuer does not have 
knowledge of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this 
Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include the 
relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In the case the 
Final Terms 
applicable to an 
individual issue 
only refer to the 
further options 
contained in the 
set of Terms and 
Conditions for 
Option I or 
Option II, the 
following applies 
 
[The provisions of the following Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as 
completed by the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the 
Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; 
alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall 
be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed 
to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the 
terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the specified office of any further 
Paying Agent(s), if any, provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on 
any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to 
Holders of such Notes.] 
 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with Fixed Interest Rates 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of Bertelsmann SE 
& Co. KGaA (the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [In case the Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination]) (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary Global Note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated with a 
control signature. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date (the "Exchange Date") 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the extent that 
certifications have been delivered to the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be 
treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as 
defined in § 4 (3)). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In case of more 
than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal 
Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear"), (CBL and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
Global Note is an 
NGN, the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as 
the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
 
 
[In case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
Global Note is a 
CGN, the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or 
other beneficial interest or right in the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
except for any obligations preferred by law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to grant or permit to subsist any 
pledge, assignment, transfer, mortgage of or other charge or security interest over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness (as defined below) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer (or 
issued or guaranteed by any other person), without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in such security; provided that this obligation 
does not apply to security interests of any kind that are already attached to an asset 
at the time when such asset is acquired for by the Issuer.  
 
 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions "Capital Market Indebtedness" 
means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, loan stock or other securities which are, 
or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or 
other recognised securities market. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their aggregate principal amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent., per 
annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest shall be payable in arrears on [Fixed 
Interest Date or Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment 
Date"). The first payment of interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment 
Date] [If the First Interest Payment Date is not the first anniversary of the 
Interest Commencement Date the following applies: and will amount to [Initial 
Broken Amount for the Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] [If 
the Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date the following applies: Interest in 
respect of the period from [Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] 
(inclusive) to the Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount to [Final Broken Amount for 
the Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination. 
 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the 
day preceding the day on which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue at the default rate of 
interest established by law1 on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes beyond the due date until the expiry of the day preceding the day of the actual 
redemption of the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated 
for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation 
of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest 
payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual number of 
days in the respective interest period.] 
                                                 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
long coupons), 
the following 
applies 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest 
payments 
(including the 
case of short 
coupons), the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with two or more 
constant interest 
periods within an 
interest year 
(including the 
case of short 
coupons), the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) 
the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would 
occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the 
whole of that year.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest 
payments 
(including the 
case of short 
coupons), the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
is applicable and 
if the Calculation 
Period is longer 
than one 
Reference Period 
(long coupon), 
the following 
applies 
 
[the sum of: 
(a) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product of (x)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods 
of less than one year the following applies: and (y) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year]; and  
 
 
(b) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Reference 
Period divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: the product of (x)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: and (y) the number of Interest Payment Dates that 
occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest 
were payable in respect of the whole of such year].] 
 
 
 
The following 
applies for all 
options of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
except for option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest 
payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons 
 
["Reference Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest Payment 
Date. [In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period the following 
applies: For the purposes of determining the relevant Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date.] [In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period the following 
applies: For the purposes of determining the relevant Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Payment Dates] shall each be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.]]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 
or Bond Basis, 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (A) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to 
a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis, 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
 
(1)  (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be 
made, subject to sub-paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency.  
 
 
(3) United States. For purposes of § 1 (3) and this § 4 and § 6 (2), "United States" 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday)  
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated in 
Euro, the 
following applies 
 
[on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[relevant financial centre(s)] and on which the Clearing System is open to effect 
payments][.][and] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes 
denominated in 
Euro, the 
following applies 
 
[on which all relevant parts of the Real-time Gross Settlement System operated by 
the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement system ("T2") and the Clearing 
System is open to forward the relevant payment.]

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
for other than taxation reasons the following applies: the [Call Redemption 
Amount][Early Redemption Amount] of the Notes;] [If redeemable at the option of 
the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
 
 
Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable 
under § 7. 
 
 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the 
Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on [Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or 
change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 
7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3 (1)), and 
this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the 
Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the 
Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with [§ 13] to the Holders, 
at their Final Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect.  
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with [§ 13]. It shall be irrevocable, 
must specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in 
summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem. 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer at 
specified Call 
Redemption 
Amounts, the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to 
(but excluding) the last day of the Call Redemption Period. 
 
 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ]] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
(iii) the Call Redemption Period, which shall be not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Holders] days nor more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] 
days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time 
redeem all or some only of the Notes (each a "Early Call Redemption Date") at 
the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the respective Early Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § [13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
 
 
(iii) the Early Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor 
more than 60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the 
Holders.  
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
In case the the 
Notes are subject 
to Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of a 
Holder at 
specified Put 
Redemption 
 
[[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption 
Date.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Amounts, the 
following applies 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ] 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ] 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note 
under this § 5. 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an duly early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email 
or fax) or in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is 
received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] day 
before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the 
Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any [In the case the Global Note is 
kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: and (iii) contact details as 
well as a bank account]. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] in the German and 
English language and includes further information. No option so exercised may 
be revoked or withdrawn.]  
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption for 
Reasons of a 
change of 
control, the 
following applies 
 
[[(6)] Change of Control. If at any time while any Notes remain outstanding there 
occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs (together, a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5 (2) (Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation)) to require the Issuer to redeem each of the Notes held by 
such Holder on the Mandatory Redemption Date at its principal amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the Mandatory Redemption Date. 
 
 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with [§ 13] 
(Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to 
it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this § 5 [(5)]. 
 
 
In order to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of a Note under this § 5 [(5)], the Holder of the Notes must, within the Put Period, 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of [Euroclear] [,] [and CBF] [and] [CBL] (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or CBL or any common depositary for them to 
the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and CBL 
from time to time. 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or 
not approved by the personally liable shareholder(s) (persönlich haftende 
Gesellschafter(in)) or the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer) any person 
or any persons acting in concert or persons acting on behalf of any such persons 
other than 
 
 
(i) 
Bertelsmann Stiftung, 
(ii) Members of the Mohn Family and/or 
(iii) one or more associations or entities the interests or shares in which are 
primarily owned, directly or indirectly, by Bertelsmann Stiftung and/or Members 
of the Mohn Family 
 
 
acquire directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of (i) the shares of the general

--- Page 42 ---
42 
partner (Komplementäranteile) of the personally liable shareholder(s) of the Issuer or 
of the shares in the personally liable shareholder(s) of the Issuer or (ii) the issued 
capital (der Kapitalanteile) of the Issuer. 
 
 
"Bertelsmann Stiftung" means the Bertelsmann Stiftung, Gütersloh. 
 
 
"Members of the Mohn Family" means Reinhard and Elisabeth Mohn and relatives 
pursuant to section 1589 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
 
 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the Date of 
Announcement. 
 
 
"Date of Announcement" means the date of the first public announcement by the 
Issuer that a Change of Control has occurred. 
 
 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) 
in the case of S&P or a rating of at least Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
Moody's or the equivalent in the case of any other Rating Agency. 
 
 
"Investment Grade Securities" means Rated Securities which have an Investment 
Grade Rating from each Rating Agency that assigns a rating to such Rated 
Securities. 
 
 
"Mandatory Redemption Date" is the seventh day after the last day of the Put 
Period. 
 
 
"Put Period" means the period of 45 days from and including the date on which a 
Put Event Notice is given. 
 
 
"Rated Securities" means: 
 
 
(a) the Notes; or  
(b) such other comparable long-term debt of the Issuer selected by the Issuer from 
time to time and notified to the Holders in accordance with [§ 13] for the 
purpose of this definition which possesses a rating by any Rating Agency. 
 
 
"Rating Agency" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") and Moody's Investors Service España S.A. ("Moody's") or any of 
their respective successors or any other rating agency appointed by or on behalf of 
the Issuer. 
 
 
"Rating Downgrade" means either: 
 
 
(a) within the Change of Control Period: 
 
 
(i) 
any rating assigned to the Rated Securities is withdrawn; or 
(ii) 
if a Rated Security was an Investment Grade Security on the Date of 
Announcement, such Rated Security no longer is assigned an Investment 
Grade Rating by at least one Rating Agency; or 
(iii) (if at the Date of Announcement no Rated Security had an Investment 
Grade Rating) the rating of any Rated Security is lowered one or more full 
rating notch by any Rating Agency (for example from BB+ to BB by S&P 
and Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or such similar lower of equivalent rating), 
 
 
provided that a Rating Downgrade shall occur by virtue of a particular withdrawal of 
or reduction in rating if the Rating Agency withdrawing or making the reduction in the 
rating publicly announces or confirms in writing to the Issuer that the withdrawal or 
reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of the relevant Change of Control; or 
 
 
(b) if at the Date of Announcement, there are no Rated Securities and either: 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer does not use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, within 45 
days of the Date of the Announcement, from a Rating Agency a rating for 
the Rated Securities; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer does use such endeavours, but, as a result of such Change of 
Control, at the expiry of the Change of Control Period there are still no 
Investment Grade Securities and the Rating Agency announces or 
confirms in writing to the Issuer that its declining to assign an Investment 
Grade Rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the relevant Change of 
Control.]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
If the case Early 
Redemption 
for 
Reason of Minimal 
Outstanding 
Amount 
is 
applicable, 
the 
following applies 
 
[[(7)] Early Redemption for Reason of Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount. In the event that the Issuer and/or any Subsidiary has, severally or jointly, 
purchased (which for the avoidance of doubt shall exclude any (early) redemption as 
set out in these Terms and Conditions) and cancelled Notes equal to or in excess of 
75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes initially issued the Issuer 
may call and redeem the remaining Notes (in whole but not in part) upon giving not 
less than 30 and not more than 60 days' irrevocable notice of redemption to the 
Holders in accordance with § [13] in each case at the Final Redemption Amount plus 
any interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date of such redemption.] 
 
 
[[(8)] Early Redemption Amount.  
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 
For purposes of subparagraph [(4)] of this § 5, the Early Redemption Amount of a 
Note shall be the higher of (i) its Final Redemption Amount and (ii) the Present Value. 
The Present Value will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum 
of the principal amount of a Note and the remaining interest payments to [Maturity 
Date] on an annual basis, assuming a 365-day year or a 366-day year, as the case 
may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year and using the 
Comparable 
Benchmark 
Yield 
plus 
[percentage] 
per 
cent. 
"Comparable 
Benchmark Yield" means the yield which appears on the Screen Page at the 
Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [euro denominated benchmark 
debt security of the Federal Republic of Germany] [UK government Sterling 
denominated benchmark debt security issued by H.M. Treasury] [Swiss franc 
denominated benchmark federal bond of the Swiss Confederation] [U.S. dollar 
denominated benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security], and if such yield is not 
displayed and/or the Screen Page is not available at that time the Comparable 
Benchmark Yield shall be the yield of a substitute benchmark security selected by the 
Calculation Agent, in each case as having a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Note to [Maturity Date], that would be used at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to [Maturity Date]. "Redemption Calculation 
Date" means the third Payment Business Day prior to the Call Redemption Date. 
"Screen Page" means [screen page] or any successor page as of [relevant time in 
relevant financial centre].] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT AND THE PAYING AGENTS [AND THE CALCULATION 
AGENT] 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent and 
their respective initial specified offices are: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent and  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount, the 
following applies 
 
[Calculation Agent: 
a reputable institution of good standing in the financial markets appointed by the 
Issuer for the purpose of calculating the Early Redemption Amount in accordance 
with § 5[(4)] only] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right 
at any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office 
in the same country. 
 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
[or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other 
Paying Agent [or another Calculation Agent], provided that, except as otherwise 
provided in this paragraph, no such Paying Agent shall be located in the United 
States. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent [In the case of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
payments in U. S. dollars the following applies: and, (ii) if payments at or through 
the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1(3)(b) 
hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York 
City] [if any Calculation Agent is to be appointed the following applies: and (iii) 
a Calculation Agent].  
 
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with [§ 13]. 
 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent [and the Calculation 
Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made at source without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on 
behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless the Issuer is required by law 
to pay such withholding or deduction. 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it, or 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany, or 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in a law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is 
duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with [§ 13], 
whichever occurs later. 
 
 
The tax on interest payments ("Zinsabschlagsteuer", since 1 January 2009: 
"Kapitalertragsteuer") which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of Germany 
since 1 January 1993 and the solidarity surcharge ("Solidaritätszuschlag") imposed 
thereon as from 1 January 1995 do not constitute a tax on interest payments as 
described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount (as defined 
in § 5(1), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an "Acceleration Event") occurs: 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
which failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
such failure continues for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 (2)) of the Issuer becomes 
prematurely repayable as a result of a default in respect of the terms thereof, or 
the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in excess of EUR 50,000,000 or 
the equivalent thereof under any Capital Market Indebtedness or under any 
guarantee or suretyship given for any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee or suretyship, 
within 30 days after the guarantee or suretyship has been invoked, unless the 
Issuer, shall contest in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due 
or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefore is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, 
or 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, or 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or the Issuer applies 
for or institutes such proceedings, or 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
or other form of combination with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, in 
connection with this issue, or 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing 
and performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions 
and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) above shall be made by means of a declaration declaration in text 
format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or English 
language delivered to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that 
such Holder at the time of such notice is a Holder of the relevant Notes by means of 
a certificate of his Custodian (as defined in [§ 14] (3)) or in other appropriate 
manner. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary (as defined below) of it as principal debtor in respect of 
all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substituted Debtor undertakes to reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon it as a consequence of assumption of the 
obligations of the Issuer by the Substituted Debtor;  
(b) the Substituted Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(c) the Substituted Debtor is in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or 
duties being withheld at source and to transfer all amounts which are required 
therefore to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
(d) it is guaranteed that the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in 
favour of each Holder the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor 
in respect of the Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of the form of the 
senior guarantee of the Issuer in respect of unsubordinated Notes set out in the 
Agency Agreement [If the provisions with respect to resolutions of holders 
are applicable, the following applies: (whereby to this guarantee the 
provisions set out below in [§ 11] applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis)]; and 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Subsidiary" shall mean any 
corporation or partnership in which the Issuer directly or indirectly in the aggregate 
holds 50 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the voting rights. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with 
[§ 13]. 
 
 
(3) Authorisation of the Issuer. In the event of any such substitution, the Issuer is 
authorised to modify the Global Note representing the Notes and these Terms and 
Conditions without the consent of the Holders to the extent necessary to reflect the 
changes resulting from the substitution. An appropriately adjusted global note 
representing the Notes and Terms and Conditions will be deposited with the 
Clearing System. 
If the Notes 
provide for 
Resolutions of 
Holders, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009, 
as 
amended 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the 
SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for 
identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions which 
are not material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3 Nos. 
1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 and §§ 5 et 
seqq. of the SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG 
 
 
(4) Chair of the vote taken without a meeting. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in 
accordance with the principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [Holders' Representative]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall 
be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' 
Representative has acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders in a Holder's meeting. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of 
the meeting. 
(ii) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' Meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period 
pursuant to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the 
date by which the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must 
be received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on 
the third day before the Holders' Meeting. 
(iii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained 
from an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend 
and vote at the Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained by a 
Holder if at least six days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, such 
Holder (a) deposits its Notes for such purpose with an agent to be appointed 
by the Issuer or to the order of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes in an account 
with a Custodian in accordance with the procedures of the Custodian and 
delivers a confirmation stating the ownership and blocking of its Notes to the 
agent of the Issuer. The Convening Notice may also require a proof of identity 
of a person exercising a voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
Meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and 
the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred 
to in subsection (a)(ii) and (iii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § [13]. 
The costs of publication shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' Meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the 
Issuer's website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be 
dependent.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each 
Holder upon request in so far as such information is required for an informed 
judgment regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
(ii) 
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding 
the voting of shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the casting and counting of votes, unless otherwise provided for in the 
Convening Notice. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in 
appropriate form. If the registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, 
the resolutions shall promptly be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § [13]. 
The publication prescribed in § 50(1) of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) shall be sufficient. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed 
and, if the resolutions amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the 
original Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less than one month 
commencing on the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such 
publication shall be made on the Issuer's website. 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be 
cast. Such period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders 
may cast their votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking 
of votes. The Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The 
call for the taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be 
met for the votes to qualify for being counted.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, interest commencement 
date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by public tender, such tender for Notes must be made available 
to all Holders alike. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
listed on the 
official list of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication. 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System.  
 
 
So long as any Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph 
(1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
unlisted, the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means 
of a declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form to be 
send together with the evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § [14] 
(3) to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to 
the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a 
copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any 
bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in 
any other manner permitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are to 
be in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation, the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
 
 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are to 
be in the English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation, the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with 
a German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. 
The German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
 
 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are to 
be in the German 
language only, 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language only.]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are to 
be in the English 
language only, 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
to be publicly 
offered, in whole 
or in part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, in 
whole or in part, 
to non-qualified 
investors in 
Germany with 
English language 
Conditions, the 
following applies 
 
[Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen wird bei der Bertelsmann SE 
& Co. KGaA, Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 Gütersloh, Federal Republic of 
Germany, zur kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with Floating Interest 
Rates 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES(ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of Bertelsmann SE 
& Co. KGaA (the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [In case the Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination]) (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary Global Note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated with a 
control signature. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date (the "Exchange Date") 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the extent that 
certifications have been delivered to the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be 
treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as 
defined in § 4 (3)). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In case of more 
than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal 
Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear"), (CBL and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
Global Note is an 
NGN, the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall

--- Page 52 ---
52 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as 
the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
 
 
[In case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.] 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
Global Note is a 
CGN, the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or 
other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
except for any obligations preferred by law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to grant or permit to subsist any 
pledge, assignment, transfer, mortgage of or other charge or security interest over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness (as defined below) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer (or 
issued or guaranteed by any other person), without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in such security; provided that this obligation 
does not apply to security interests of any kind that are already attached to an asset 
at the time when such asset is acquired for by the Issuer.  
 
 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions "Capital Market Indebtedness" 
means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, loan stock or other securities which are, 
or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or 
other recognised securities market. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (inclusive) (the "Interest Commencement Date") to 
the first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and thereafter from each Interest 
Payment Date (inclusive) to the next following Interest Payment Date 
(exclusive). Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
In the case of 
Specified 
Interest Payment 
Dates, the 
following applies 
 
[each [Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Specified 
Interest Periods, 
the following 
applies 
Conditions) falls [number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), it shall be: 
In the case of the 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention, the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be 
the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
 
 
In the case of the 
FRN Convention, 
the following 
applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall 
be the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [number] 
months after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
 
In the case of the 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention, the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
 
 
 
In the case of the 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention, the 
following applies 
 
[the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
 
(d) "Business Day" means a day 
In the case the 
Specified 
Currency is not 
EUR, the 
following applies 
 
[(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre(s)]] [.] [and] 
 
 
 
In the case the 
the Specified 
Curreny is EUR, 
the following 
applies 
 
[on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Real-Time Gross 
Settlement System operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement 
system ("T2") are open to effect payments.] 
 
 
 
In the case the 
offered 
quotation for 
deposits in the 
Specified 
Currency is 
EURIBOR, the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except as provided below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent and is the Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)]. The applicable Reference Rate shall be the rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 
The "Reference Rate" is the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period (EURIBOR). 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second T2 Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "T2 Business Day" means a day on 
which the all relevant parts of the Real-time Gross Settlement System operated by 
the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement system ("T2") is open. 
 
 
[In the case of a Margin the following applies: "Margin" means []%, per 
annum.]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor page. 
 
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears, in each case as 
at such time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, subject to § 3[(9)], the 
Rate of Interest on the Interest Determination Date shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest as displayed on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such Rate of Interest was displayed on the Screen 
Page [In case of a Margin the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
 
 
 
In the case of a 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
 
 
 
In the case of a 
Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than 
[Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
 
 
[(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
 
 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer 
and to the Holders in accordance with [§ 13] as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the fourth [T2] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 3 (2)) thereafter and if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed from time to time, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements may be made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed and the rules of 
which so require as well as to the Holders in accordance with [§ 13]. 
 
 
[(6)] 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent , the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. 
 
 
 
[(7)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the 
day preceding of the day on which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer fails to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the expiry of the 
day preceding of the day of actual redemption of the Notes. The applicable Rate of 
Interest will be the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation 
of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed), the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
                                                 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/360, the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
 
[(9)](a) Rate Replacement. If the Issuer determines (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) that a Rate Replacement Event has occurred on or prior to an 
Interest Determination Date, the Relevant Determining Party shall determine and 
duly inform the Issuer, if relevant, and the Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement 
Rate, (ii) the Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement Rate Adjustments 
(each as defined below in § 3[(9)](b)(aa) to (cc) and (hh)) for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period related to that Interest 
Determination Date and each Interest Period thereafter (subject to the subsequent 
occurrence of any further Rate Replacement Event). The Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to have been amended by the Replacement Rate Adjustments with 
effect from (and including) the relevant Interest Determination Date (including any 
amendment of such Interest Determination Date if so provided by the Replacement 
Rate Adjustments). The Rate of Interest shall then be the Replacement Rate (as 
defined below) adjusted by the Adjustment Spread, if any, [[plus] [minus] the Margin 
(as defined above)]. 
 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders pursuant to [§ 13] as soon as practicable 
(unverzüglich) after such determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and the Replacement Rate Adjustments. In addition, the Issuer shall 
request the [Clearing System] [common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs] to 
supplement the Terms and Conditions to reflect the Replacement Rate Adjustments 
by attaching the documents submitted to it to the Global Note in an appropriate 
manner. 
 
 
(b) Definitions. 
 
 
(aa) "Rate Replacement Event" means, with respect to the Reference Rate, 
each of the following events: 
 
 
(i) 
the Reference Rate not having been published on the Screen Page for 
(10) consecutive ten Business Days immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; or 
 
 
(ii) 
the occurence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case 
may be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the 
competent authority of the administrator of the Reference Rate, from 
which the Reference Rate no longer reflects the underlying market or 
economic reality and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken by the competent authority for the administrator 
of the Reference Rate; or 
 
 
(iii) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case 
may be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate on which the administrator (x) will 
commence the orderly wind-down of the Reference Rateor (y) will 
cease to publish the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue the publication of the Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(iv) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Rate, the central bank 
for the Specified Currency, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court 
(unappealable final decision) or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, on 
which the administrator of the Reference Rate (x) will commence the 
orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate or (y) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue the publication of the Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(v) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case 
may be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
competent authority for the administrator of the Reference Rate, from 
which the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used; or 
 
 
(vi) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case 
may be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, of a material change in the 
methodology of determining the Reference Rate; or 
 
 
(vii) the publication of a notice by the Issuer pursuant to [§ 13](1) that it has 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any Rate of Interest using the Reference Rate; or 
 
 
(viii) the European Commission or the competent national authority of a 
Member State have designated one or more replacement benchmarks 
for a Reference Rate pursuant to Art. 23b(2) and Art. 23c(1) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) ("BMR"). 
 
 
(bb) "Replacement Rate" means a publicly available substitute, successor, 
alternative or other rate designed to be referenced by financial instruments or 
contracts, including the Notes, to determine an amount payable under such 
financial instruments or contracts, including, but not limited to, an amount of 
interest. In determining the Replacement Rate, the Relevant Guidance (as 
defined below) shall be taken into account. 
 
 
(cc) "Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Relevant 
Determining Party determines is required to be applied to the Replacement Rate 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of 
economic value between the Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise arise 
as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate against the Replacement 
Rate (including, but not limited to, as a result of the Replacement Rate being a 
risk-free rate). In determining the Adjustment Spread, the Relevant Guidance (as 
defined below) shall be taken into account. 
 
 
(dd) "Relevant Determining Party" means 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as 
such without any reasonable doubt determinable by an investor that is 
knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, such as the Notes; or 
 
 
(ii) 
failing which, an Independent Advisor (as defined below), to be 
appointed by the Issuer at commercially reasonable terms, using 
reasonable endeavours, as its agent to make such determinations. 
 
 
(ee) "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or any other independent advisor of recognised standing and 
with appropriate experience in the international debt capital markets. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevant Guidance" means (i) any legal or supervisory requirement 
applicable to the Issuer or the Notes or, if none, (ii) any applicable requirement, 
recommendation or guidance of a Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, (iii) any 
relevant recommendation or guidance by industry bodies (including by ISDA), or, 
if none, (iv) any relevant market practice. 
 
 
(gg) "Relevant Nominating Body" means 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the Specified Currency, or any central bank or 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Replacement Rate or the administrator of the Replacement Rate; or 
 
 
(ii) 
the European Commission or any competent national authority of a 
Member State; or 
 
 
(iii) any working group or committee officially endorsed, sponsored or 
convened by or chaired or co-chaired by (w) the central bank for the 
Specified Currency, (x) any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
 
 
(hh) "Replacement Rate Adjustments" means such adjustments to the Terms

--- Page 57 ---
57 
and Conditions as are determined consequential to enable the operation of the 
Replacement Rate (which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the 
applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction and any methodology or definition 
for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Rate). In determining any 
Replacement Rate Adjustments the Relevant Guidance shall be taken into 
account. 
 
 
(c) Termination. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined pursuant to § 3[(9)](a) and 
(b), the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date shall 
be the Reference Rate determined for the last preceding Interest Period. The Issuer 
will inform the Calculation Agent accordingly. As a result, the Issuer may, upon not 
less than 15 days' notice given to the Holders in accordance with [§ 13], redeem all, 
and not only some of the Notes at any time on any Business Day before the 
respective subsequent Interest Determination Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective redemption 
date. 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
 
(1)  (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be 
made, subject to sub-paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency.  
 
 
(3) United States. For purposes of § 1 (3) and this § 4 and § 6 (2), "United States" 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business 
Day. 
 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
for other than taxation reasons the following applies: the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be 
payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
 
 
Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable 
under § 7.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the 
Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on the Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its 
principal amount. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or 
change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 
7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3 (1)), and 
this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the 
Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the 
Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with [§ 13] to the Holders, 
at their Final Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with [§ 13]. It shall be irrevocable, 
must specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in 
summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem. 
If Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer at the 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount, the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes on the Interest Payment Date following [number] years 
after the Interest Commencement Date and on each Interest Payment Date 
thereafter (each a "Call Redemption Date") at the Final Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date.  
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice 
to Holders] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the 
date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System.[In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
If Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption for 
Reasons of a 
change of 
control, the 
following applies 
 
[[(4)] Change of Control. If at any time while any Notes remain outstanding there 
occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs (together, a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5 (2) (Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation)) to require the Issuer to redeem each of the Notes held by 
such Holder on the Mandatory Redemption Date at its principal amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the Mandatory Redemption Date. 
 
 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with [§ 13] 
(Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to 
it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this § 5 [(4)]. 
 
 
In order to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of a Note under this § 5 [(4)], the Holder of the Notes must, within the Put Period, 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of [Euroclear] [,] [and CBF] [and] [CBL] (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or CBL or any common depositary for them to 
the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and CBL 
from time to time. 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or 
not approved by the personally liable shareholder(s) (persönlich haftende 
Gesellschafter(in)) or the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer) any person 
or any persons acting in concert or persons acting on behalf of any such persons 
other than 
 
 
(i) 
Bertelsmann Stiftung, 
(ii) Members of the Mohn Family and/or 
(iii) one or more associations or entities the interests or shares in which are 
primarily owned, directly or indirectly, by Bertelsmann Stiftung and/or Members 
of the Mohn Family 
 
 
acquire directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of (i) the shares of the general 
partner (Komplementäranteile) of the personally liable shareholder(s) of the Issuer or 
of the shares in the personally liable shareholder(s) of the Issuer or (ii) the issued 
capital (der Kapitalanteile) of the Issuer. 
 
 
"Bertelsmann Stiftung" means the Bertelsmann Stiftung, Gütersloh. 
 
 
"Members of the Mohn Family" means Reinhard and Elisabeth Mohn and relatives 
pursuant to section 1589 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
 
 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the Date of 
Announcement. 
 
 
"Date of Announcement" means the date of the first public announcement by the 
Issuer that a Change of Control has occurred. 
 
 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) 
in the case of S&P or a rating of at least Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
Moody's or the equivalent in the case of any other Rating Agency. 
 
 
"Investment Grade Securities" means Rated Securities which have an Investment 
Grade Rating from each Rating Agency that assigns a rating to such Rated 
Securities. 
 
 
"Mandatory Redemption Date" is the seventh day after the last day of the Put 
Period. 
 
 
"Put Period" means the period of 45 days from and including the date on which a 
Put Event Notice is given. 
 
 
"Rated Securities" means: 
 
 
(a) the Notes; or

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(b) such other comparable long-term debt of the Issuer selected by the Issuer from 
time to time and notified to the Holders in accordance with [§ 13] for the 
purpose of this definition which possesses a rating by any Rating Agency. 
 
 
"Rating Agency" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") and Moody's Investors Service España S.A. ("Moody's") or any of 
their respective successors or any other rating agency designated by the Issuer. 
 
 
"Rating Downgrade" means either: 
 
 
(a) within the Change of Control Period: 
 
 
(i) 
any rating assigned to the Rated Securities is withdrawn; or 
(ii) 
if a Rated Security was an Investment Grade Security on the Date of 
Announcement, such Rated Security no longer is assigned an Investment 
Grade Rating by at least one Rating Agency; or 
(iii) (if at the Date of Announcement no Rated Security had an Investment 
Grade Rating) the rating of any Rated Security is lowered one or more full 
rating notch by any Rating Agency (for example from BB+ to BB by S&P 
and Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or such similar lower of equivalent rating), 
 
 
provided that a Rating Downgrade shall occur by virtue of a particular withdrawal of 
or reduction in rating if the Rating Agency withdrawing or making the reduction in the 
rating publicly announces or confirms in writing to the Issuer that the withdrawal or 
reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of the relevant Change of Control; or 
 
 
(b) if at the Date of Announcement, there are no Rated Securities and either: 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer does not use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, within 45 
days of the Date of the Announcement, from a Rating Agency a rating for 
the Rated Securities; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer does use such endeavours, but, as a result of such Change of 
Control, at the expiry of the Change of Control Period there are still no 
Investment Grade Securities and the Rating Agency announces or 
confirms in writing to the Issuer that its declining to assign an Investment 
Grade Rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the relevant Change of 
Control.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENTS 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and the 
initial Calculation Agent and their respective initial specified offices are: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent and  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Federal Republic of Germany 
If the Fiscal 
Agent is to be 
appointed as 
Calculation 
Agent, the 
following applies 
 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
 
If a Calculation 
Agent other than 
the Fiscal Agent 
is to be 
appointed, the 
following applies 
 
[The Calculation Agent and its initial specified office shall be: 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any

--- Page 61 ---
61 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that, except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, no 
such Paying Agent shall be located in the United States or another Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [In the case of 
payments in U. S. dollars the following applies:, (ii) if payments at or through the 
offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1(3)(b) hereof) 
become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in 
United States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City] and 
[(iii)] a Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with [§ 13]. 
 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made at source without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on 
behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless the Issuer is required by law 
to pay such withholding or deduction. 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it, or 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany, or 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in a law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is 
duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with [§ 13], 
whichever occurs later. 
 
 
The tax on interest payments ("Zinsabschlagsteuer", since 1 January 2009: 
"Kapitalertragsteuer") which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of Germany 
since 1 January 1993 and the solidarity surcharge ("Solidaritätszuschlag") imposed 
thereon as from 1 January 1995 do not constitute a tax on interest payments as 
described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the 
Issuer.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount (as defined 
in § 5(1), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an "Acceleration Event") occurs: 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 (2)) of the Issuer becomes 
prematurely repayable as a result of a default in respect of the terms thereof, or 
the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in excess of EUR 50,000,000 or 
the equivalent thereof under any Capital Market Indebtedness or under any 
guarantee or suretyship given for any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee or suretyship, 
within 30 days after the guarantee or suretyship has been invoked, unless the 
Issuer, shall contest in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due 
or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefore is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, 
or 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, or 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or the Issuer applies 
for or institutes such proceedings, or 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
or other form of combination with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, in 
connection with this issue, or 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing 
and performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions 
and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) above shall be made by means of a declaration in text format 
(Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or English language 
delivered to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such 
Holder at the time of such notice is a Holder of the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of his Custodian (as defined in [§ 14] (3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary (as defined below) of it as principal debtor in respect of 
all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substituted Debtor undertakes to reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon it as a consequence of assumption of the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
obligations of the Issuer by the Substituted Debtor;  
(b) the Substituted Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
(c) the Substituted Debtor is in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or duties 
being withheld at source and to transfer all amounts which are required 
therefore to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
(d) it is guaranteed that the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in 
favour of each Holder the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor 
in respect of the Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of the form of the 
senior guarantee of the Issuer in respect of unsubordinated Notes set out in the 
Agency Agreement [If the provisions with respect to resolutions of holders 
are applicable, the following applies: (whereby to this guarantee the 
provisions set out below in [§ 11] applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis)]; and 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Subsidiary" shall mean any 
corporation or partnership in which the Issuer directly or indirectly in the aggregate 
holds 50 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the voting rights. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with [§ 
13]. 
 
 
(3) Authorisation of the Issuer. In the event of any such substitution, the Issuer is 
authorised to modify the Global Note representing the Notes and these Terms and 
Conditions without the consent of the Holders to the extent necessary to reflect the 
changes resulting from the substitution. An appropriately adjusted global note 
representing the Notes and Terms and Conditions will be deposited with the 
Clearing System. 
If the Notes 
provide for 
Resolutions of 
Holders, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009, 
as 
amended 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the 
SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for 
identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions which 
are not material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3 Nos. 
1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 and §§ 5 et 
seqq. of the SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG 
 
 
(4) Chair of the vote taken without a meeting. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in 
accordance with the principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [Holders' Representative]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall 
be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' 
Representative has acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders in a Holder's meeting. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of 
the meeting. 
(ii) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' Meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period 
pursuant to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the 
date by which the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must 
be received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on 
the third day before the Holders' Meeting. 
(iii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained 
from an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend 
and vote at the Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained by a 
Holder if at least six days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, such 
Holder (a) deposits its Notes for such purpose with an agent to be appointed 
by the Issuer or to the order of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes in an account 
with a Custodian in accordance with the procedures of the Custodian and 
delivers a confirmation stating the ownership and blocking of its Notes to the 
agent of the Issuer. The Convening Notice may also require a proof of identity 
of a person exercising a voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
Meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and 
the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred 
to in subsection (a)(ii) and (iii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § [13]. 
The costs of publication shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' Meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the 
Issuer's website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be

--- Page 65 ---
65 
dependent. 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each 
Holder upon request in so far as such information is required for an informed 
judgment regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
(ii) 
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding 
the voting of shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the casting and counting of votes, unless otherwise provided for in the 
Convening Notice. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in 
appropriate form. If the registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, 
the resolutions shall promptly be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § [13]. 
The publication prescribed in § 50(1) of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) shall be sufficient. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed 
and, if the resolutions amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the 
original Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less than one month 
commencing on the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such 
publication shall be made on the Issuer's website. 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be 
cast. Such period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders 
may cast their votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking 
of votes. The Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The 
call for the taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be 
met for the votes to qualify for being counted.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, interest commencement 
date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by public tender, such tender for Notes must be made available 
to all Holders alike. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
listed on the 
official list of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication. 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System.  
 
 
So long as any Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(1) shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the Rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
unlisted, the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means 
of a declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form to be 
send together with the evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § [14] 
(3) to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to 
the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a 
copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any 
bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in 
any other manner permitted in the country of the proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are 
to be in the 
German 
language with an 
English 
language 
translation, the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
 
 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are 
to be in the 
English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation, the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with 
a German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. 
The German language translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are 
to be in the 
German 
language only, 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language only.] 
 
 
 
If the Terms and 
Conditions are 
to be in the 
English 
language only, 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
to be publicly 
offered, in whole 
or in part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, in 
whole or in part, 
to non-qualified 
investors in 
Germany with 
English 
language 
Conditions, the 
following applies 
 
[Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen wird bei der Bertelsmann SE 
& Co. KGaA, Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 Gütersloh, Federal Republic of 
Germany, zur kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
- (DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) - 
 
Einführung 
 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte 
weitere Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem 
Satz der Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I 
oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) 
für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis 
von 
bestimmten 
Angaben 
hatte, 
die 
auf 
eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren Optionen 
verweisen, die im 
Satz der 
Anleihebedingung
en der Option I 
oder Option II 
enthalten sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
[Die Bestimmungen der nachstehenden Anleihebedingungen gelten für diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die 
Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausdrücklich ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, 
gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte 
in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so 
dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle und bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen jeder zusätzlichen 
Zahlstelle, sofern vorhanden, erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich.] 
 
 
 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
- (DEUTSCHE FASSUNG) - 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (die "Emittentin") 
wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
 
 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und 
sind mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag (der 
"Austauschtag") gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
US-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen 
Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern (wie in § 4 (3) definiert). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet 
[Bei mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstraße 1, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear"), (CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] und 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und dass, nach dieser Eintragung, vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird.]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind mit Ausnahme von Verbindlichkeiten, die nach geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig sind. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind), weder ihr gesamtes noch einen Teil ihres gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögens mit Pfandrechten, Rechten aus Abtretung oder Übertragung, 
Hypotheken oder Grundpfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie 
nachstehend definiert), die von der Emittentin (oder einer anderen Person) 
eingegangen oder garantiert ist, zu belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck 
bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit in 
gleicher Weise und anteilmäßig teilnehmen zu lassen. Diese Verpflichtung findet 
jedoch keine Anwendung in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, die auf einem 
Vermögensgegenstand zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs durch die Emittentin lasten.  
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" jede 
Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der Rückzahlung geliehener Geldbeträge, die durch 
Schuldscheine oder durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die 
an einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert oder dokumentiert sind. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in  
§ 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] 
[Sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag 
nicht 
der 
erste 
Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns ist ist folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag pro festgelegter Stückelung] je festgelegter 
Stückelung. [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag pro 
festgelegte Stückelung] je festgelegter Stückelung]. 
 
 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf 
des Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls 
die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, endet die

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Verzinsung des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht am Tag der Fälligkeit, sondern erst mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht. Die Verzinsung 
des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrages vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) 
bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) erfolgt 
zum gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen1. 
 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen 
Zeitraum von weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf 
der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
des Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im jeweiligen Zinsjahr.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl 
der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit zwei oder 
mehr gleich 
bleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(1) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, und (2) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, die 
angenommen, dass Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
und wenn der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
länger ist als eine 
Bezugsperiode 
 
[die Summe aus: 
(a) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Bezugsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
                                                 
1 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu 
Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(langer Kupon) 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die 
in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr 
zu zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(b) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der Anzahl von 
Bezugsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen 
für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären].] 
 
 
 
Folgendes gilt für 
alle Optionen von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) außer 
Option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) 
 
["Bezugsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktive Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten 
der [Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstage.]] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monates, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im Falle einer am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats 
Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 
Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 
2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten. 
 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des 
Code 
auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von 
Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1 (3) und dieses § 4 und § 6 (2) 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der 
Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
Bei nicht auf 
Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[an dem das Clearing System sowie Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln] [.] [und]] 
 
 
 
Bei auf Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreib
ungen ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[an dem alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross Settlement System des 
Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") und das Clearing 
System geöffnet sind, um die betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
 
 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag][Vorzeitigen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
einschließen. 
 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldver-schreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
("Rückzahlungs-betrag") 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber 
der Emissionsstelle und gemäß [§ 13] gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -
vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach 
dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 (1) 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen 
definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
vernünftiger der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden 
kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht 
mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 13] zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung 
enthalten, 
welche 
die 
das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zu 
festgelegtem(n) 
Wahlrück-
zahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen 
(Call) 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise innerhalb des Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraumes 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträgen, wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum letzten Tag 
des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum(räume) 
Call 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
/beträge Call 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum(räume)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
/beträge] 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ] 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ]] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(4)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß [§ 13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum, 
der 
nicht 
weniger 
als

--- Page 75 ---
75 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] 
Tage 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt.] 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
jederzeit 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Vorzeitiger 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call)") 
zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Vorzeitigen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(5)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § [13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
 
 
 
(iii) den Vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf.  
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zu 
festgelegtem(n) 
Wahlrück-
zahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen 
(Put) zu 
kündigen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(5) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen, wie 
nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge] 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ] 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ] 
 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach 
diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
 
(b) [Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] Tage und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] 
Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag, an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
("Ausübungserklärung"), zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 
17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am [Mindestkündigungsfrist] Tag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird [und][,] (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [Im 
Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF ist folgendes 
anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine Kontoverbindung]. Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen der Emissionsstelle und der Zahlstelle[n] in deutscher und 
englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet 
werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden.]  
 
 
 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig 
aufgrund eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(6)] 
Kontrollwechsel. 
Wenn 
zu 
einem 
Zeitpunkt, 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
noch 
nicht 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlt 
sind, 
ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt und während der Kontrollwechselfrist eine Herabstufung des 
Ratings erfolgt (zusammen ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), so hat jeder Gläubiger 
das Recht (sofern die Emittentin nicht vor Abgabe der unten genannten 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung mitgeteilt hat, dass sie die Schuldverschreibungen nach § 5 
Absatz 2 (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen) zurückzahlen wird), 
von der Emittentin zu verlangen, seine Schuldverschreibungen am Obligatorischen 
Rückzahlungstag zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich Zinsen bis zum Obligatorischen 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Sobald die Emittentin davon Kenntnis erhält, dass ein Rückzahlungsereignis 
eingetreten ist, hat sie den Gläubigern dies unverzüglich gemäß [§ 13] 
(Mitteilungen) mitzuteilen (eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"). In der Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung sind die Art des Rückzahlungsereignisses anzugeben, die Umstände, die 
zu dem Rückzahlungsereignis geführt haben, sowie die Modalitäten der Ausübung 
des in diesem § 5 Absatz [5] geregelten Rechts auf vorzeitige Rückzahlung. 
 
 
Die wirksame Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz [5] geregelten Rechts auf 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
setzt voraus, dass der Gläubiger innerhalb der 
Ausübungsfrist der Emissionsstelle nach dem hierfür von [Euroclear] [,] [und CBF] 
[und] [CBL] und CBL vorgesehenen Prozedere (welches auch vorsehen kann, dass 
die Mitteilung durch oder auf Veranlassung von Euroclear oder CBL oder einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle auf elektronischem Wege an die Emissionsstelle 
übermittelt wird), das von Euroclear und CBL von Zeit zu Zeit festgelegt wird, 
mitgeteilt hat, dass er das Recht auf vorzeitige Rückzahlung ausübt. 
 
 
In dieser Bestimmung haben die folgenden Begriffe die folgende Bedeutung: 
 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt jedes Mal dann als eingetreten (ob die persönlich 
haftende Gesellschafterin oder die persönlich haftenden Gesellschafter oder der 
Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin zustimmen oder nicht), wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, oder im Auftrag solcher 
Personen handelnde Personen, bei denen es sich nicht um 
 
 
(i) 
die Bertelsmann Stiftung, 
(ii) Mitglieder der Familie Mohn und/oder

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(iii) eine oder mehrere Personenvereinigungen oder Gesellschaften, an der oder an 
denen direkt oder indirekt im wesentlichen nur die Bertelsmann Stiftung 
und/oder Mitglieder der Familie Mohn beteiligt sind, 
 
 
handelt, direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50% (i) der Komplementäranteile der 
persönlich haftenden Gesellschafterin oder der persönlich haftenden Gesellschafter 
der Emittentin oder der Anteile an der persönlich haftenden Gesellschafterin oder 
der persönlich haftenden Gesellschafter der Emittentin, oder (ii) der Kapitalanteile an 
der Emittentin erwerben. 
 
 
"Bertelsmann Stiftung" bezeichnet die Bertelsmann Stiftung, Gütersloh. 
 
 
"Mitglieder der Familie Mohn" bezeichnet Reinhard und Elisabeth Mohn und die 
mit ihnen im Sinne von § 1589 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches verwandten 
Personen. 
 
 
"Kontrollwechselfrist" ist der Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Mitteilungstag 
endet. 
 
 
"Mitteilungstag" ist der Tag, an dem die Emittentin zum ersten Mal mitteilt, dass ein 
Kontrollwechsel eingetreten ist. 
 
 
"Investment Grade-Rating" ist im Falle von S&P ein Rating von wenigstens BBB- 
(oder vergleichbar), im Fall von Moody's ein Rating von wenigstens Baa3 (oder 
vergleichbar) bzw. ein entsprechendes Rating einer anderen Ratingagentur. 
 
 
"Investment Grade-Wertpapier" ist jedes Geratete Wertpapier, das von allen 
Ratingagenturen, die ein Rating für dieses Wertpapier vergeben haben, ein 
Investment Grade-Rating erhalten hat. 
 
 
"Obligatorischer Rückzahlungstag" ist der siebte Tag nach dem letzten Tag der 
Ausübungsfrist. 
 
 
"Ausübungsfrist" ist der Zeitraum von 45 Tagen seit der Abgabe einer 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung (wobei der Tag der Rückzahlungsmitteilung mitzuzählen 
ist). 
 
 
"Geratete Wertpapiere" sind: 
 
 
(a) die Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
(b) alle 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
langfristigen 
Fremdkapitalinstrumente 
der 
Emittentin, die von der Emittentin durch Mitteilung gemäß [§ 13] zu Gerateten 
Wertpapieren im Sinne dieser Definition erklärt worden sind und die durch 
mindestens eine Ratingagentur geratet sind. 
 
 
"Ratingagenturen" meint jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service España S.A. ("Moody's") und ihre 
jeweiligen Rechtsnachfolger sowie jede andere Ratingagentur, die von oder im 
Namen der Emittentin beauftragt wird. 
 
 
Eine "Herabstufung des Ratings" liegt vor: 
 
 
(a) wenn während der Kontrollwechselfrist 
(i) 
ein einem Gerateten Wertpapier zugeordnetes Rating zurückgezogen wird 
oder  
(ii) 
sofern ein Geratetes Wertpapier, am Mitteilungstag ein Investment Grade-
Wertpapier war, dieses Geratete Wertpapier kein Investment Grade-
Rating durch mindestens eine Ratingagentur mehr hat; oder 
(iii) (sofern am Mitteilungstag kein Geratetes Wertpapier über ein Investment 
Grade-Rating verfügt) das Rating eines Gerateten Wertpapiers von einer 
Ratingagentur um eine oder mehrere volle Stufen (notches) herabgestuft 
wird (also z.B. von BB+ nach BB durch S&P oder von Ba1 nach Ba2 durch 
Moody's bzw. eine entsprechende Herabstufung innerhalb eines 
vergleichbaren Ratingsystems), 
 
 
wobei jedoch nur dann eine Herabstufung des Ratings vorliegt, wenn der Entzug 
oder die Herabstufung des Ratings ausweislich der öffentlichen Verlautbarung oder 
einer an die Emittentin gerichteten schriftlichen Bestätigung der betreffenden 
Ratingagentur zumindest teilweise auf den Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist; oder

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(b) wenn am Mitteilungstag keine Gerateten Wertpapiere vorhanden sind und 
entweder: 
(i) 
die Emittentin nicht jede zumutbare Anstrengung unternimmt, um 
innerhalb von 45 Tagen nach dem Mitteilungstag von einer Ratingagentur 
für die Gerateten Wertpapiere ein Rating zu erhalten, oder 
(ii) 
die Emittentin solche Bemühungen zwar unternimmt, aber aufgrund des 
Kontrollwechsels am Ende der Kontrollwechselfrist noch immer keine 
Investment Grade-Wertpapiere vorhanden sind und die Ratingagentur 
öffentlich mitteilt, oder gegenüber der Emittentin schriftlich bestätigt, dass 
ihre Weigerung, ein Investment Grade-Rating zu vergeben, zumindest 
teilweise auf den Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist.] 
Falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(7)] 
Kündigungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag. Falls die Emittentin und/oder eine Tochtergesellschaft allein oder 
gemeinsam Schuldver¬schreibungen im Volumen von 75% oder mehr des 
ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Gesamtnenn¬betrages 
der 
Schuldver-schreibungen 
erworben (was zur Vermeidung von Zfweifeln eine (vorzeitige) Rückzahlung, wie in 
diesen Anleihebedigungen festgelegt, ausschlließt) und entwertet hat, kann die 
Emittentin die verbleibenden Schuldver-schreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise) nach unwiderruflicher Kündigungsmitteilung an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß § [13] unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 
Tagen kündigen und jeweils zu einem Betrag zurückzahlen, der dem Nennbetrag 
nebst bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufge¬laufener Zinsen entspricht.] 
 
 
[[(8)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag.  
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
Für die Zwecke des Absatzes [(4)] dieses § 5 entspricht der vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung (i) dem Rückzahlungsbetrag oder 
(ii), falls höher, dem abgezinsten Marktwert der Schuldverschreibung. Der abgezinste 
Marktwert einer Schuldverschreibung wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet und 
entspricht 
dem 
abgezinsten 
Wert 
der 
Summe 
des 
Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibung und der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen bis zum [Fälligkeitstag]. 
Der abgezinste Wert wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet, indem der 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung und die verbleibenden Zinszahlungen bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag] auf einer jährlichen Basis, bei Annahme eines 365-Tage Jahres bzw. 
eines 366-Tages Jahres und der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen, die einem solchen 
Jahr abgelaufen sind, unter Anwendung der Vergleichbaren Benchmark Rendite 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz] % abgezinst werden. Die "Vergleichbare Benchmark 
Rendite" bezeichnet die auf der Bildschirmseite am Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
angezeigte 
Rendite 
der 
entsprechenden 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [durch HM Treasury begebene Sterling-
Referenzanleihe des Vereinigten Königreichs] [Schweizer Franken-Referenz-
Bundesanleihe 
der 
Schweizerischen 
Eidgenossenschaft] 
[Referenz-U.S. 
Staatsanleihe (US Treasury debt security) in U.S. Dollar] oder, sollte eine solche 
Rendite zu diesem Zeitpunkt nicht angezeigt werden und/oder die Bildschirmseite 
nicht verfügbar sein, bedeutet Vergleichbare Benchmark-Rendite eine ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, die von der Berechnungsstelle bestimmt wird, jeweils mit einer 
Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag] vergleichbar ist, und die im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentscheidung und 
entsprechend 
der 
üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur 
Preisbestimmung 
bei 
Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen mit einer bis zum [Fälligkeitstag] der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit 
verwendet 
werden 
würde. 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" ist der dritte Zahltag vor dem jeweiligen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call). "Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirmseite] oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite gegen [relevante Zeit in relevantem Finanzzentrum].] 
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE UND DIE ZAHLSTELLEN [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle 
und die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] und deren 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
 
 
Emissions- und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
Eine angesehene Institution mit gutem Ruf auf den Finanzmärkten, durch die 
Emittentin nur zu dem Zweck ernannt, um den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) gemäß § 5 Absatz [4] zu berechnen. ] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle [oder der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [oder andere Berechnungsstelle], 
vorausgesetzt, dass, sofern nicht anderweitig hier geregelt, diese Zahlstelle nicht in 
den Vereinigten Staaten sein wird, zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem 
Zeitpunkt [(i)] eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [Im Fall von Zahlungen in US-
Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: und (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in 
§ 1(3)(b) definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York City] [Falls eine Berechnungststelle bestellt werden soll, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: und [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle] unterhalten. 
 
 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), 
sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß [§ 13] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern 
empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher 
Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, 
und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies 
später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß [§ 13] wirksam wird. 
 
 
Die seit dem 1. Januar 1993 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Zinsabschlagsteuer (seit dem 1. Januar 2009: Kapitalertragsteuer) und der seit dem 
1. Januar 1995 darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder 
sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der 
Emittentin zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre abgekürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen 
zu kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 
Absatz 1 definiert), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") vorliegt: 
 
 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag; oder 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese Unterlassung, falls sie 
geheilt werden kann, länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten 
hat; oder 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz 2 definiert) der Emittentin 
vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung des dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin 
einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 50.000.000 aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder aufgrund einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im 
Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei 
denn 
die 
Emittentin 
bestreitet 
in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird, oder 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder  
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(g) in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr gemäß diesen Bedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber der 
Emissionsstelle zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu 
übermitteln. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, 
dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in [§ 14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere 
geeignete Weise erbracht werden. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm in Folge der Ersetzung durch die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auferlegt werden; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in der Lage ist, sämtliche sich aus oder in dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die Notwendigkeit eines Einbehalts von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die 
hierzu erforderlichen Beträge ohne Beschränkungen an die Emissionsstelle 
übertragen können; 
(d) sichergestellt ist, dass die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den 
Bedingungen des Musters der erstrangigen Garantie der Emittentin hinsichtlich 
nicht nachrangiger Schuldverschreibungen, das im Agency Agreement 
enthalten ist, entsprechen [Falls die Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger gelten, ist folgendes anwendbar: (wobei auf diese Garantie die 
unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden)]; und 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
 
 
 
Im Sinne dieser Bedingungen bedeutet "Tochtergesellschaft" eine Kapital- oder 
Personengesellschaft, an der die Emittentin direkt oder indirekt insgesamt mehr als 
50% des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der Stimmrechte hält. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß [§ 13] bekanntzumachen.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(3) Ermächtigung der Emittentin. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung ist die Emittentin 
ermächtigt, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde und diese 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger in dem notwendigen Umfang 
zu 
ändern, 
um 
die 
sich 
aus 
der 
Ersetzung 
ergebenden 
Änderungen 
widerzuspiegeln. Eine entsprechend angepasste, die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde und Anleihebedingungen werden beim Clearing System 
hinterlegt. 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN,  
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, 
in der geänderten Fassung, (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit der 
Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle 
Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der 
nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird 
und die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 und §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung nach §§ 5 ff. SchVG gefasst 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der Gläubiger 
geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an 
den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Bestellung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist 
[Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das 
Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der 
Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften 
des SchVG.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
(7) Verfahrensrechtliche Bestimmungen über Gläubigerbeschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) 
Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Tage vor dem Tag der 
Versammlung einzuberufen. 
(ii) 
Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung 
oder die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die 
Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der 
Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu 
dessen Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) 
Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts 
anderes bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu 
ernennenden Beauftragten ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur 
Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in der Gläubigerversammlung. Der 
Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, indem er mindestens 
sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerversammlung bestimmten Zeit (a) seine 
Schuldverschreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat 
oder (b) seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einer Depotbank in 
Übereinstimmung mit deren Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen Nachweis 
über die Inhaberschaft und Sperrung der Schuldverschreibungen an den 
Beauftragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. Die Einberufung kann auch die 
Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht ausübenden 
Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) 
In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der 
Emittentin, die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die 
Bedingungen angegeben werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung des Stimmrechts abhängen, 
einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und (iii) genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) 
Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß 
§ [13] öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die 
Emittentin zu tragen. 
(iii) 
Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis 
zum Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite 
den Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von 
Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Verlangen in der 
Gläubigerversammlung Auskunft zu erteilen, soweit sie zur sachgemäßen 
Beurteilung eines Gegenstands der Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags zur 
Beschlussfassung erforderlich ist. 
(ii) 
Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des 
Aktiengesetzes über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung 
entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der Einberufung etwas anderes 
vorgesehen ist.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter 
Form öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse unverzüglich im 
Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß § [13] zu veröffentlichen; die nach 
§ 50 Absatz 1 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes vorgeschriebene 
Veröffentlichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) 
Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein 
Gläubigerbeschluss die Anleihebedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der 
ursprünglichen Anleihebedingungen vom Tag nach der 
Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von mindestens einem Monat im 
Internet unter ihrer Adresse der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich zu machen. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber 
dem Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können auch 
andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit 
die Stimmen gezählt werden.] 
 
 
[§ 12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muß dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wieder begeben oder verkauft werden. 
 
 
 
[§ 13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in 
der offiziellen 
Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(http://www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.  
 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet 
Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, 
kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebenten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebenten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht 
werden, müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § [14] Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle gesendet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing-
System in der von der Emissionsstelle und dem Clearing-System dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
[§ 14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND  
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält; (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre oder (iii) auf jede andere Weise, die im Lande der 
Geltendmachung prozessual zulässig ist. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
[§ 15] 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding-
ungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding-
ungen in 
englischer 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding-
ungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding-
ungen 
ausschließlich in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in englischer Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
- (DEUTSCHE FASSUNG) - 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (die "Emittentin") 
wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und 
sind mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag (der 
"Austauschtag") gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
US-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen 
Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern (wie in § 4 (3) definiert). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet 
[Bei mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstraße 1, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear") (CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] und 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des

--- Page 88 ---
88 
anwendbar 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und dass, nach dieser Eintragung, vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird.] 
 
 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind mit Ausnahme von Verbindlichkeiten, die nach geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig sind. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind), weder ihr gesamtes noch einen Teil ihres gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögens mit Pfandrechten, Rechten aus Abtretung oder Übertragung, 
Hypotheken oder Grundpfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie 
nachstehend definiert), die von der Emittentin (oder einer anderen Person) 
eingegangen oder garantiert ist, zu belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck 
bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit in 
gleicher Weise und anteilmäßig teilnehmen zu lassen. Diese Verpflichtung findet 
jedoch keine Anwendung in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, die auf einem 
Vermögensgegenstand zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs durch die Emittentin lasten.  
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" jede 
Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der Rückzahlung geliehener Geldbeträge, die durch 
Schuldscheine oder durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die 
an einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert oder dokumentiert sind. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag ab 
dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis

--- Page 89 ---
89 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungs-
tagen ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(soweit diese Bedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
der 
Tag, 
der 
[Zahl] 
[Wochen] 
[Monate] 
nach 
dem 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag 
Bei Anwendung 
der modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag 
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
 
 
 
Bei Anwendung 
der FRN (Floating 
Rate Note –
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschrei-
bung)- 
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag verlegt und (ii) 
ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, 
der [Zahl] Monate nach dem vorausgehenden anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
 
 
 
 
Bei Anwendung 
der folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
 
 
 
Bei Anwendung 
der vorangegang-
ener Geschäftstag 
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
 
 
(d) "Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung nicht 
Euro ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisen für 
den Geschäftsverkehr geöffnet sind und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln] [.] [und] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung Euro ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[, an dem das Clearing System sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem 
("T2") geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Angebotssatz für 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Einlagen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
EURIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
definiert) wird, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, durch die 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt und ist der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)]. Der anwendbare 
Referenzsatz ist der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigte Satz. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet den Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
(EURIBOR). 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem alle 
betroffenenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems 
oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsytem ("T2") geöffnet ist.  
 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: Die "Marge" beträgt []% per 
annum.] 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
 
 
Sollte zu der genannten Zeit an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag die 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt werden, entspricht (vorbehaltlich § 3[(9)]) der Zinssatz an dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag dem Zinssatz, wie er auf der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag 
vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag angezeigt worden ist, an dem ein solcher Zinssatz auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wurde [Im Falle einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
Mindestzinssatz 
gilt, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Mindest-Zinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
Höchstzinssatz 
gilt, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) [Höchst-Zinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz 
für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen].] 
 
 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestimmen und den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Zinsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen (der "Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die 
kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 
solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
 
 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode und der relevante Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin, sowie den 
Gläubigern gemäß [§ 13] baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am vierten auf 
die Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
[T2] [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 (2) definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend 
allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, 
sowie den Gläubigern gemäß [§ 13] mitgeteilt.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
[(6)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die 
von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle [, die Zahlstelle] und die Gläubiger 
bindend. 
 
 
 
[(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf 
des Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. 
Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlösen, endet 
die Verzinsung des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht am Fälligkeitstag, sondern erst mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht. Die Verzinsung 
des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrages vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) 
bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) erfolgt 
zum gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen1. 
 
 
[(8)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
 
 
[(9)] (a) Ersatzrate. Stellt die Emittenin (in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle) 
fest, dass vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag ein Ersatzrate-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, wird die Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle (i) die Ersatzrate, (ii) die etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
(iii) 
die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
(wie 
jeweils 
in 
§ 3[(9)](b)(aa) bis (cc) und (hh) definiert) zur Bestimmung des Zinssatzes für die auf 
den Zinsfestlegungstag bezogene Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode 
(vorbehaltlich 
des 
nachfolgenden 
Eintretens 
etwaiger 
weiterer 
Ersatzrate-
Ereignisse) festlegen und rechtzeitig die Emittentin, sofern relevant, und die 
Berechnungsstelle darüber informieren. Die Anleihebedingungen gelten mit Wirkung 
ab dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag (einschließlich) als durch die Ersatzrate-
Anpassungen 
geändert 
(einschließlich 
einer 
etwaigen 
Änderung 
dieses 
Zinsfestlegungstags, falls die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen dies so bestimmen). Der 
Zinssatz ist dann die Ersatzrate (wie nachfolgend definiert) angepasst durch die 
etwaige Anpassungsspanne [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie vorstehend 
definiert)]. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern die Ersatzrate, die etwaige Anpassungsspanne 
und die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen unverzüglich nach einer solchen Festlegung 
gemäß [§ 13] mitteilen. Darüber hinaus wird die Emittentin [das Clearing System] 
[die gemeinsame Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs] auffordern, die 
Anleihebedingungen zu ergänzen, um die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen wiederzugeben, 
indem sie der Globalurkunde die durch sie vorgelegten Dokumente in geeigneter 
Weise beifügt. 
 
 
(b) Definitionen. 
 
 
(aa) "Ersatzrate-Ereignis" bezeichnet in Bezug auf den Referenzsatz eines der 
nachfolgenden Ereignisse: 
 
 
(i) 
der 
Referenzsatz 
wurde 
an 
zehn 
(10) 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
Geschäftstagen unmittelbar vor dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag 
nicht veröffentlicht; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
                                                 
1 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu 
Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des 
auf Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, 
an dem der Referenzsatz den zugrundeliegenden Markt oder die 
zugrunde liegende wirtschaftliche Realität nicht mehr abbildet und von 
der für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde 
keine Maßnahmen zur Behebung dieser Situation ergriffen wurden 
bzw. solche nicht erwartet werden; oder 
 
 
(iii) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes öffentlich 
bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, an dem der Administrator (x) 
damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise 
abzuwickeln oder (y) die Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauer-
haft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit beendet (wenn kein Nach-
folgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des 
Referenzsatzes fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
 
(iv) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde, die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, 
einen Insolvenzbeauftragten mit Zuständigkeit über den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes, die Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit über 
den Administrator des Referenzsatzes, ein Gericht (rechtskräftige 
Entscheidung) oder eine Organisation mit ähnlicher insolvenz- oder 
abwicklungsrechtlicher 
Hoheit 
über 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes (x) damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in 
geordneter Weise abzuwickeln oder (y) öffentlich bekannt gegebenen 
Tages, 
an 
dem 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
die 
Bereitstellung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit beendet hat oder beenden wird (wenn kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes 
fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
 
(v) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des 
auf Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, 
von dem an die Nutzung des Referenzsatzes allgemein verboten ist; 
oder 
 
 
(vi) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes öffentlich 
bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, einer materiellen Änderung 
der Methode mittels derer der Referenzsatz festgelegt wird; oder 
 
 
(vii) die Veröffentlichung einer Mitteilung durch die Emittentin gemäß [§ 
13](1), dass die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes zur Berechnung des 
Zinssatzes für die Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle oder eine 
Zahlstelle rechtswidrig geworden ist; oder 
 
 
(viii) die Europäische Kommission oder die zuständige nationale Behörde 
eines Mitgliedstaats haben einen oder mehrere Ersatz-Referenzwerte 
für einen Referenzsatz gemäß Art. 23b(2) und Art. 23c(1) der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei 
Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur 
Messung der Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds verwendet 
werden ("Referenzwerte-Verordnung") bestimmt. 
 
 
(bb) "Ersatzrate" bezeichnet eine öffentlich verfügbare Austausch-, Nachfolge-, 
Alternativ- 
oder 
andere 
Rate, 
welche 
entwickelt 
wurde, 
um 
durch 
Finanzinstrumente oder –kontrakte, einschließlich der Schuldverschreibungen, in 
Bezug genommen zu werden, um einen unter solchen Finanzinstrumenten oder 
–kontrakten zahlbaren Betrag zu bestimmen, einschließlich aber nicht 
ausschließlich eines Zinsbetrages. Bei der Festlegung der Ersatzrate sind die 
Relevanten Leitlinien (wie nachstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(cc) "Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder 
eine Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, welche nach 
Festlegung der Jeweiligen Festlegenden Stelle auf die Ersatzrate anzuwenden 
ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen Wertes zwischen der Emittentin

--- Page 93 ---
93 
und den Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung infolge der Ersetzung des 
Referenzsatzes durch die Ersatzrate entstehen würde (einschließlich aber nicht 
ausschließlich infolgedessen, dass die Ersatzrate eine risikofreie Rate ist), soweit 
sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren oder auszuschließen. Bei der Festlegung 
der Anpassungsspanne sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(dd) "Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin, wenn die Ersatzrate ihrer Meinung nach offensichtlich 
ist und als solches ohne vernünftigen Zweifel durch einen Investor, der 
hinsichtlich der jeweiligen Art von Schuldverschreibungen, wie 
beispielsweise 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
sachkundig 
ist, 
bestimmbar ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
andernfalls ein Unabhängiger Berater (wie nachfolgend definiert), der 
von der Emittentin zu wirtschaftlich angemessenen Bedingungen unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen als ihr Beauftragter für die Vornahme dieser 
Festlegungen ernannt wird. 
 
 
(ee) "Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein unabhängiges, international 
angesehenes Finanzinstitut oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
entsprechender Erfahrung im internationalen Kapitalmarkt. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevante Leitlinien" bezeichnet (i) jede auf die Emittentin oder die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbare 
gesetzliche 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Anforderung, oder, wenn es keine gibt, (ii) jede anwendbare Anforderung, 
Empfehlung oder Leitlinie der Relevanten Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es 
keine gibt, (iii) jede relevante Empfehlung oder Leitlinie von Branchen-
vereinigungen (einschließlich ISDA), oder wenn es keine gibt, (iv) jede relevante 
Marktpraxis. 
 
 
(gg) "Relevante Nominierungsstelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung oder eine Zentralbank 
oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den 
Referenzsatz oder den Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist; 
oder 
 
 
(ii) 
die Europäische Kommission oder jede zuständige nationale Behörde 
eines Mitgliedstaates; oder 
 
 
(iii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeder Ausschuss, befürwortet, unterstützt oder 
einberufen durch oder unter dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet durch (w) 
die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, (x) eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzsatz 
oder den Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist, (y) einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) den Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability 
Board) oder einem Teil davon. 
 
 
(hh) 
"Ersatzrate-Anpassungen" 
bezeichnet 
solche 
Anpassungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, die als folgerichtig festgelegt werden, um die Funktion der 
Ersatzrate zu ermöglichen (wovon unter anderem Anpassungen an der 
anwendbaren Geschäftstagekonvention, der Definition von Geschäftstag, am 
Zinsfestlegungstag, am Zinstagequotient oder jeder Methode oder Definition, um 
die Ersatzrate zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfasst sein können). Bei der 
Festlegung der Ersatzrate-Anpassungen sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie 
vorstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(c) Kündigung. Können eine Ersatzrate, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne oder die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen nicht gemäß § 3[(9)](a) und (b) bestimmt werden, ist der 
Referenzsatz in Bezug auf den relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag der für die zuletzt 
vorangehende Zinsperiode bestimmte Referenzsatz. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle entsprechend informieren. Infolgedessen kann die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen an jedem Geschäftstag vor dem jeweiligen nachfolgenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
jederzeit 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß [§ 13] gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig kündigen und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum 
für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
 
(1)  (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 
2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten. 
 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des 
Code 
auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von 
Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1 (3) und dieses § 4 und § 6 (2) 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der 
Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Geschäftstag,  
 
 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag 
("Rückzahlungsbetrag") in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber 
der Emissionsstelle und gemäß [§ 13] gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -
vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach 
dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 (1) 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen 
definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
vernünftiger der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden 
kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht 
mehr wirksam ist. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 13] zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung 
enthalten, 
welche 
die 
das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zum 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn folgenden Zinszahlungstag und danach an jedem darauf 
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder ein "Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag") zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß [§ 13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag, 
der 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] 
Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt.] 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig aufgrund 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] 
Kontrollwechsel. 
Wenn 
zu 
einem 
Zeitpunkt, 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
noch 
nicht 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlt 
sind, 
ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt und während der Kontrollwechselfrist eine Herabstufung des 
Ratings erfolgt (zusammen ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), so hat jeder Gläubiger 
das Recht (sofern die Emittentin nicht vor Abgabe der unten genannten 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung mitgeteilt hat, dass sie die Schuldverschreibungen nach § 5 
Absatz 2 (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen) zurückzahlen wird), 
von der Emittentin zu verlangen, seine Schuldverschreibungen am Obligatorischen 
Rückzahlungstag zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich Zinsen bis zum Obligatorischen 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Sobald die Emittentin davon Kenntnis erhält, dass ein Rückzahlungsereignis 
eingetreten ist, hat sie den Gläubigern dies unverzüglich gemäß [§ 13] 
(Mitteilungen) mitzuteilen (eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"). In der Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung sind die Art des Rückzahlungsereignisses anzugeben, die Umstände, die 
zu dem Rückzahlungsereignis geführt haben, sowie die Modalitäten der Ausübung 
des in diesem § 5 Absatz [4] geregelten Rechts auf vorzeitige Rückzahlung. 
 
 
Die wirksame Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz [4] geregelten Rechts auf 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
setzt voraus, dass der Gläubiger innerhalb der 
Ausübungsfrist der Emissionsstelle nach dem hierfür von [Euroclear] [,] [und CBF] 
[und] [CBL] und CBL vorgesehenen Prozedere (welches auch vorsehen kann, dass 
die Mitteilung durch oder auf Veranlassung von Euroclear oder CBL oder einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle auf elektronischem Wege an die Emissionsstelle 
übermittelt wird), das von Euroclear und CBL von Zeit zu Zeit festgelegt wird, 
mitgeteilt hat, dass er das Recht auf vorzeitige Rückzahlung ausübt. 
 
 
In dieser Bestimmung haben die folgenden Begriffe die folgende Bedeutung: 
 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt jedes Mal dann als eingetreten (ob die persönlich 
haftende Gesellschafterin oder die persönlich haftenden Gesellschafter oder der 
Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin zustimmen oder nicht), wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, oder im Auftrag solcher 
Personen handelnde Personen, bei denen es sich nicht um 
 
 
(i) 
die Bertelsmann Stiftung, 
(ii) Mitglieder der Familie Mohn und/oder 
(iii) eine oder mehrere Personenvereinigungen oder Gesellschaften, an der oder an 
denen direkt oder indirekt im wesentlichen nur die Bertelsmann Stiftung 
und/oder Mitglieder der Familie Mohn beteiligt sind, 
 
 
handelt, direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50% (i) der Komplementäranteile der 
persönlich haftenden Gesellschafterin oder der persönlich haftenden Gesellschafter 
der Emittentin oder der Anteile an der persönlich haftenden Gesellschafterin oder 
der persönlich haftenden Gesellschafter der Emittentin, oder (ii) der Kapitalanteile an 
der Emittentin erwerben. 
 
 
"Bertelsmann Stiftung" bezeichnet die Bertelsmann Stiftung, Gütersloh. 
 
 
"Mitglieder der Familie Mohn" bezeichnet Reinhard und Elisabeth Mohn und die 
mit ihnen im Sinne von § 1589 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches verwandten 
Personen. 
 
 
"Kontrollwechselfrist" ist der Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Mitteilungstag 
endet. 
 
 
"Mitteilungstag" ist der Tag, an dem die Emittentin zum ersten Mal mitteilt, dass ein 
Kontrollwechsel eingetreten ist. 
 
 
"Investment Grade-Rating" ist im Falle von S&P ein Rating von wenigstens BBB- 
(oder vergleichbar), im Fall von Moody's ein Rating von wenigstens Baa3 (oder 
vergleichbar) bzw. ein entsprechendes Rating einer anderen Ratingagentur.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
"Investment Grade-Wertpapier" ist jedes Geratete Wertpapier, das von allen 
Ratingagenturen, die ein Rating für dieses Wertpapier vergeben haben, ein 
Investment Grade-Rating erhalten hat. 
 
 
"Obligatorischer Rückzahlungstag" ist der siebte Tag nach dem letzten Tag der 
Ausübungsfrist. 
 
 
"Ausübungsfrist" ist der Zeitraum von 45 Tagen seit der Abgabe einer 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung (wobei der Tag der Rückzahlungsmitteilung mitzuzählen 
ist). 
 
 
"Geratete Wertpapiere" sind: 
 
 
(a) die Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
(b) alle 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
langfristigen 
Fremdkapitalinstrumente 
der 
Emittentin, die von der Emittentin durch Mitteilung gemäß [§ 13] zu Gerateten 
Wertpapieren im Sinne dieser Definition erklärt worden sind und die durch 
mindestens eine Ratingagentur geratet sind. 
 
 
"Ratingagenturen" meint jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service España S.A. ("Moody's") und ihre 
jeweiligen Rechtsnachfolger sowie jede andere Ratingagentur, die von oder im 
Namen der Emittentin beauftragt wird. 
 
 
Eine "Herabstufung des Ratings" liegt vor: 
 
 
(a) wenn während der Kontrollwechselfrist 
(i) 
ein einem Gerateten Wertpapier zugeordnetes Rating zurückgezogen wird 
oder  
(ii) 
sofern ein Geratetes Wertpapier, am Mitteilungstag ein Investment Grade-
Wertpapier war, dieses Geratete Wertpapier kein Investment Grade-
Rating durch mindestens eine Ratingagentur mehr hat; oder 
(iii) (sofern am Mitteilungstag kein Geratetes Wertpapier über ein Investment 
Grade-Rating verfügt) das Rating eines Gerateten Wertpapiers von einer 
Ratingagentur um eine oder mehrere volle Stufen (notches) herabgestuft 
wird (also z.B. von BB+ nach BB durch S&P oder von Ba1 nach Ba2 durch 
Moody's bzw. eine entsprechende Herabstufung innerhalb eines 
vergleichbaren Ratingsystems), 
 
 
 
wobei jedoch nur dann eine Herabstufung des Ratings vorliegt, wenn der Entzug 
oder die Herabstufung des Ratings ausweislich der öffentlichen Verlautbarung oder 
einer an die Emittentin gerichteten schriftlichen Bestätigung der betreffenden 
Ratingagentur zumindest teilweise auf den Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist; oder 
 
 
(b) wenn am Mitteilungstag keine Gerateten Wertpapiere vorhanden sind und 
entweder: 
(i) 
die Emittentin nicht jede zumutbare Anstrengung unternimmt, um 
innerhalb von 45 Tagen nach dem Mitteilungstag von einer Ratingagentur 
für die Gerateten Wertpapiere ein Rating zu erhalten, oder 
(ii) 
die Emittentin solche Bemühungen zwar unternimmt, aber aufgrund des 
Kontrollwechsels am Ende der Kontrollwechselfrist noch immer keine 
Investment Grade-Wertpapiere vorhanden sind und die Ratingagentur 
öffentlich mitteilt, oder gegenüber der Emittentin schriftlich bestätigt, dass 
ihre Weigerung, ein Investment Grade-Rating zu vergeben, zumindest 
teilweise auf den Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist.] 
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLEN  
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle, die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
 
 
Emissions- und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Falls die 
Emissionsstelle 
als Berechnungs-
stelle bestellt 
werden soll, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Emissionsstelle handelt auch als Berechnungsstelle.] 
 
 
 
Falls eine 
Berechnungs-
stelle bestellt 
werden soll, die 
nicht die 
Emissionsstelle 
ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Berechnungsstelle und ihre anfänglich bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten:  
Berechnungsstelle: [Namen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen, vorausgesetzt, dass, sofern nicht 
anderweitig hier geregelt, diese Zahlstelle nicht in den Vereinigten Staaten sein wird, 
oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem 
Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [Im Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar 
ist folgendes anwendbar:, (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in 
§ 1(3)(b) definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York City unterhalten] und [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten.  
 
 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), 
sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß [§ 13] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern 
empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher 
Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen

--- Page 99 ---
99 
einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, 
und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies 
später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß [§ 13] wirksam wird. 
 
 
Die seit dem 1. Januar 1993 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Zinsabschlagsteuer (seit dem 1. Januar 2009: Kapitalertragsteuer) und der seit dem 
1. Januar 1995 darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder 
sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der 
Emittentin zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre abgekürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen 
zu kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 
Absatz 1 definiert), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") vorliegt: 
 
 
a) 
die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag; oder 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese Unterlassung, falls sie 
geheilt werden kann, länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten 
hat; oder 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz 2 definiert) der Emittentin 
vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung des dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin 
einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 50.000.000 aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder aufgrund einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im 
Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei 
denn 
die 
Emittentin 
bestreitet 
in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird, oder 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(g) in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr gemäß diesen Bedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber der 
Emissionsstelle zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu 
übermitteln. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, 
dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in [§ 14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere 
geeignete Weise erbracht werden. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm in Folge der Ersetzung durch die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auferlegt werden; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in der Lage ist, sämtliche sich aus oder in dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die Notwendigkeit eines Einbehalts von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die 
hierzu erforderlichen Beträge ohne Beschränkungen an die Emissionsstelle 
übertragen können; 
(d) sichergestellt ist, dass die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den 
Bedingungen des Musters der erstrangigen Garantie der Emittentin hinsichtlich 
nicht nachrangiger Schuldverschreibungen, das im Agency Agreement 
enthalten ist, entsprechen [Falls die Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger gelten, ist folgendes anwendbar: (wobei auf diese Garantie die 
unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden)]; und 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
 
 
 
Im Sinne dieser Bedingungen bedeutet "Tochtergesellschaft" eine Kapital- oder 
Personengesellschaft, an der die Emittentin direkt oder indirekt insgesamt mehr als 
50% des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der Stimmrechte hält.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß [§ 13] bekanntzumachen. 
 
 
(3) Ermächtigung der Emittentin. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung ist die Emittentin 
ermächtigt, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde und diese 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger in dem notwendigen Umfang 
zu 
ändern, 
um 
die 
sich 
aus 
der 
Ersetzung 
ergebenden 
Änderungen 
widerzuspiegeln. Eine entsprechend angepasste, die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde und Anleihebedingungen werden beim Clearing System 
hinterlegt. 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN,  
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
 
 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, 
in der geänderten Fassung, (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit der 
Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle 
Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der 
nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird 
und die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 un §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung nach §§ 5 ff. SchVG gefasst 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der Gläubiger 
geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an 
den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Bestellung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist 
[Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das 
Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der 
Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften

--- Page 102 ---
102 
des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Verfahrensrechtliche Bestimmungen über Gläubigerbeschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) 
Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Tage vor dem Tag der 
Versammlung einzuberufen. 
(ii) 
Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung 
oder die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die 
Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der 
Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu 
dessen Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) 
Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts 
anderes bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu 
ernennenden Beauftragten ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur 
Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in der Gläubigerversammlung. Der 
Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, indem er mindestens 
sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerversammlung bestimmten Zeit (a) seine 
Schuldverschreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat 
oder (b) seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einer Depotbank in 
Übereinstimmung mit deren Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen Nachweis 
über die Inhaberschaft und Sperrung der Schuldverschreibungen an den 
Beauftragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. Die Einberufung kann auch die 
Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht ausübenden 
Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) 
In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der 
Emittentin, die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die 
Bedingungen angegeben werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung des Stimmrechts abhängen, 
einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und (iii) genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) 
Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß 
§ [13] öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die 
Emittentin zu tragen. 
(iii) 
Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis 
zum Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite 
den Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von 
Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Verlangen in der 
Gläubigerversammlung Auskunft zu erteilen, soweit sie zur sachgemäßen 
Beurteilung eines Gegenstands der Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags zur 
Beschlussfassung erforderlich ist. 
(ii) 
Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des 
Aktiengesetzes über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung 
entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der Einberufung etwas anderes 
vorgesehen ist.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter 
Form öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse unverzüglich im 
Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß § [13] zu veröffentlichen; die nach 
§ 50 Absatz 1 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes vorgeschriebene 
Veröffentlichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) 
Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein 
Gläubigerbeschluss die Anleihebedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der 
ursprünglichen Anleihebedingungen vom Tag nach der 
Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von mindestens einem Monat im 
Internet unter ihrer Adresse der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich zu machen. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber 
dem Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können auch 
andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit 
die Stimmen gezählt werden.] 
 
 
[§ 12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muß dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wieder begeben oder verkauft werden. 
 
 
 
[§ 13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in der 
offiziellen Liste 
der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(http://www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.  
 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet 
Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Mitteilung den Zinssatz von variabel 
verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 
(1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebenten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebenten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht 
werden, müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § [14] Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle gesendet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing-
System in der von der Emissionsstelle und dem Clearing-System dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
[§ 14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND,  
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält; (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre oder (iii) auf jede andere Weise, die im Lande der 
Geltendmachung prozessual zulässig ist. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
[§ 15] 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding-
ungen in deut-
scher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung 
in die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebedingung
en in englischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding-
ungen aus-
schließlich in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebeding-
ungen aus-
schließlich in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in englischer Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
(MUSTER – ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN)  
(1)[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") 
[and []]; [EITHER(2): and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR(3): (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable](4).] 
(5)[UK MiFIR product governance / [Retail investors,] Professional investors and Eligible Counterparties target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), and] [only] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA] [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] ("UK MiFIR"); [EITHER(6) and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR(7) (ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable](8).] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a 
                                                 
(1) 
To be included if parties have determined a target market. 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt 
haben. 
(2) 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a 
put and/or call right). 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben deren Anleihebedingungen 
keine Kündigungrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
(3) 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.  
(4) 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(5) 
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK 
MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Paltzeuere in bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen der UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h.. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt. 
(6) 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
(7) 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
(8) 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.](9) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.](10) 
 
In case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on 
the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the 
case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the European Economic Area 
other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Bertelsmann Group 
(http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-programme/). 
 
 
                                                 
(9) 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors". 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR-Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
(10) 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
BERTELSMANN SE & CO. KGAA 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series No.: [      ] / Tranche No.: [      ] 
Serien Nr.: [      ] / Tranche Nr.: [      ] 
Issue Date: [      ](1) 
Valutierungstag: [      ](1) 
issued pursuant to the EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated on 3 April 2023 
begeben aufgrund des EUR 5.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 3. April 2023 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for purposes of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and 
must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 
3 April 2023 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) dated []]. The Prospectus and any supplements to 
the Prospectus are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com), on the website of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-
relations/bonds/debt-issuance-programme/) and copies may be obtained from Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, 
Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 Gütersloh, Federal Republic of Germany. Full information is only available 
on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [A summary of the 
individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.](2) 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für Zwecke von Artikel 8 Abs. 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Abs. 4 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der jeweils 
geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programm Prospekt vom 
3. April 2023 über das Programm (der "Prospekt") [und dem(den) Nachtrag(Nachträgen) dazu vom []] zu 
lesen. Der Prospekt (sowie etwaige Nachträge) können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) und der Internetseite der Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA 
(http://www.bertelsmann.de/investor-relations/anleihen/debt-issuance-programme/) 
eingesehen 
werden. 
Kopien des Prospekts sind erhältlich bei Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 
Gütersloh, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge im Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine Zusammenfassung der 
einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.](2) 
 
                                                 
1 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and issue of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist 
der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
2 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I.: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:(3) 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:(3) 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring 
to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as [Option 
I] [Option II]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die "Anleihebedingungen"), zu 
lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert 
sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf 
die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final 
Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
                                                 
3 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be 
required where the Notes are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, 
to non-qualified investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt 
noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen. 
 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination4 
Währung und Stückelung 
 
 
 
Specified Currency 
Festgelegte Währung 
 
[      ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
[      ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
 
[      ] 
Specified Denomination 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
[      ] 
Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
 Clearstream Banking AG  
 Euroclear Bank SA/NV  
 Clearstream Banking S.A.  
 
 
Global Note5 
Globalurkunde 
 New Global Note 
 Classical Global Note 
 
 
 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
[ ]% per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
[      ] 
                                                 
4 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in 
such other currency nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt EUR 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer 
anderen Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen dem Gegenwert von EUR 1.000 annähernd entspricht. 
5 
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
Festzinstermin(e) 
  
[      ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
[      ] 
Initial Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für die festgelegte 
Stückelung) 
[      ] 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
[      ] 
Final Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für die festgelegte 
Stückelung) 
 
[      ] 

Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
[      ] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 
[      ] 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[number] [weeks][months] 
[Zahl] [Wochen][Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
 
[number] [months] 
[Zahl] [Monate] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 
T2 
T2 
[      ] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
EURIBOR  
EURIBOR 
 
Margin 
Marge 
 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
[ ]% per annum 

plus 
plus

--- Page 112 ---
112 

minus 
minus 
 
 
 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
Mindestzinssatz 
 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
[ ]% per annum 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
Höchstzinssatz 
 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
[ ]% per annum 
 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction6 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regel 251) 
 
 
annual interest payment (excluding the case of short or 
 
long coupons) 
 
jährliche Zinszahlung (ausschließlich des Falls von 
 
kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
 
 
annual interest payment (including the case of short 
 
coupons) 
 
jährliche Zinszahlung (einschließlich des Falls von 
 
kurzen Kupons) 
 
 
two or more constant interest periods within an interest 
 
year (including the case of short coupons) 
 
zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden 
 
(einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 
 
calculation period is longer than one reference period 
 
(long coupon) 
 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine 
 
Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) 
 
 
reference period 
 
Bezugsperiode 
 

 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
 
[      ] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                 
6 
Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
Payment Business Day7 
Zahlungstag 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 T2 
T2 
 
 
 
[      ] 
 
 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
 
 
Maturity Date8 
Fälligkeitstag 
 
[      ] 
Redemption Month9 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
 
[      ] 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at  
Specified Call Redemption Amount(s) 10 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu  
festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Call) 
 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum(räume) (Call) 
 
[      ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge 
 
[      ] 
Minimum Notice11 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
 
[      ] 
Maximum Notice  
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
 
[      ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount12 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
                                                 
7 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
8 
Complete for fixed rate Notes 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen 
9 
Complete for floating rate Notes  
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen 
10 Complete for fixed rate Notes 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen 
11 Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of 5 days.  
Euroclear verlangt eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von 5 Tagen. 
12 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final Redemption 
Amount(13) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Interest payment date [number] years after the Interest 
Commencement Date 
and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag danach 
 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at  
Specified Put Redemption Amount(s)14 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers zu  
festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put) 
 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) 
 
[      ] 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge 
 
[      ] 
Minimum Notice15 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
 
[ ] days 
[ ] Tage 
Maximum Notice (never more than 60 days) 
Höchstkündigungsfrist (nie mehr als 60 Tage) 
 
[ ] days 
[ ] Tage 
Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels 
 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
Purchase; Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for Reason of 
Minimal Outstanding Amount 
Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
geringem ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount15 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 Higher of Final Redemption Amount and Present Value
Rückzahlungsbetrag, oder falls höher, abgezinster Marktwert 
Comparable Benchmark Yield of corresponding  
Vergleichbare Benchmark Rendite der entsprechenden  
 euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal 
Republic of Germany  
Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 UK government Sterling denominated benchmark debt security 
issued by HM Treasury 
durch HM Treasury begebenen Sterling-Referenzanleihe des 
Vereinigten Königreichs 
 Swiss franc denominated benchmark federal bond of the Swiss 
Confederation 
Schweizer Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe der 
Schweizerischen Eidgenossenschaft 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
plus [percentage] per cent. 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz]% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                 
13 Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
14 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
15 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 U.S. dollar denominated benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security 
Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury debt security) in U.S. 
Dollar 
 
Screen Page  
 
 
 
 
Bildschirmseite  
 
 
 
 
 
[Screen Page] as of 
[relevant time in relevant financial 
centre] 
[Bildschirmseite] gegen 
[relevante Zeit in relevantem 
Finanzzentrum] 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
EMISSIONSSTELLE UND ZAHLSTELLEN [UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
 

Calculation Agent 
Berechnungsstelle 
 
[Not applicable] [  ] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [  ] 

 
 
 


 
 
 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
 
 
Applicable 
Anwendbar 
 
 

 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution 
passed by Holders and not in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
 
 

 Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms 
and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in 
den Anleihebedingungen 
 
 

 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative  
Name und Anschrift des Gemeinsamen Vertreters
[Specify details] 
[Details einfügen] 
 
Not applicable 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
 
NOTICES (§[13]) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [13]) 
 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
 

Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
Internetseite der Wertpapierbörse Luxemburg (www.luxse.com) 
 
 
Clearing System 
Clearingsystem

--- Page 116 ---
116 
LANGUAGE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS16 (§ [15]) 
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN (§ [15]) 
 German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 German only17 
Ausschließlich Deutsch] 
                                                 
16 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements 
applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes publicly offered, in whole or in part, in 
Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. 
If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling 
language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office of Bertelsmann SE & 
Co. KGaA.  
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer 
Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Schuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, 
die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger in 
Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte 
Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen 
bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA erhältlich sein. 
17 
Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the 
European Economic Area. 
 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Part II.: OTHER INFORMATION18 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer  
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen,  
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind  
 As far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their  
affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and  
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have  
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or  
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for  
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission  
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen 
verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von und Kreditnehmer der  
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. 
Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking  
Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking-Transaktionen mit 
der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen,  
und könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen  
für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
 
 Other interest (specify) 
[Specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds  
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge 
 
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admission to trading19  
[Specify details] 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulassung zum Handel 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Use and estimated net amount of proceeds20 
 [Specify details] 
Zweckbestimmung und geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue21 
[      ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
                                                 
18 
There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of 
at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated 
market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern 
diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel 
zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
19 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from the disclosure in the 
Prospectus include those reasons here. Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot von den im Prospekt beschriebenen 
abweichen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
20 
If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out and present in order of priority. 
 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität 
der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
21  
Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered/admitted to trading 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern  
 
Common Code 
[      ] 
 
Common Code 
 
ISIN Code 
[      ] 
 
ISIN Code 
 
German Securities Code 
[      ] 
 
Deutsche Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
 
Any other securities number 
[      ] 
 
Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
Eurosystem eligibility 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Note that the designation "yes" in the case of an NGN means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes in the 
case of an NGN may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "ja" im Fall einer NGN hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden; es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als zulässige 
Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für Innertageskredite des Eurosystems anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
[Auch wenn die Bezeichnung mit Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen "nein" lautet, sollten die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems sich zukünftig dergestalt ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
diese erfüllen können, könnten die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall einer NGN dann bei einem der ICSDs 
als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass dies jedoch nicht 
notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen dann zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für Innertageskredite des 
Eurosystems anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility22 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates  
and the future performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained (not free of charge) by electronic means from 
 
[Not applicable][Reuters EURIBOR01] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektronischem Weg 
abgerufen werden unter 
[Nicht anwendbar][Reuters EURIBOR01] 
                                                 
22 
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the EURIBOR rates 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions]  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die EURIBOR Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
 
Yield to final Maturity23 
[      ]per cent. 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[      ]% 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organisation representing the investors and provisions applying  
to such representation. Indication of where the public may have  
access to the contracts relation to these forms of representation24 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die  
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung  
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe des Ortes, an dem die  
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, einsehen 
kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue of which the  
Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die  
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror  
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading,  
including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any. 
[Specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität,  
der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldtitel  
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person  
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and Conditions of the offer of Notes to the public25 
 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Angebots von Schuldverschreibungen 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer 
will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt 
und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding amounts paid in excess by applicants  
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und der Art  
und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application, 
(whether in number of notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
(entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten  
zu investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes  
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
                                                 
23 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Nur bei festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
24 
Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
25 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public  
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des  
Angebots offen zu legen sind  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of  
subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit  
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten  
Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment26 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more  
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain  
of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer  
Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte  
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and 
an indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made  
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten 
Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor der 
Meldung möglich ist  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.3 
Pricing27 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Specify details] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting28 
Platzierung und Emission 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of  
the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes place. 
[      ] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen Angebots 
oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern dem Emittenten oder dem 
Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzieren in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots] 
 
Method of distribution  
Vertriebsmethode  
 
[insert details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
 
                                                 
26 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
27 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
28 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Subscription Agreement29 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages 
Material features of the Subscription Agreement 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
 
 
 
[      ] 
 
[      ] 
Management Details including form of commitment30 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums 
einschließlich der Art der Übernahme  
 
 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Firm commitment 
 
Feste Zusage 
 
[      ] 
 
No firm commitment/best efforts arrangements 
 
Keine feste Zusage/zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
 
[      ] 
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion 
not covered. 
Wird die Emission nicht zu Gänze übernommen, Erklärung zum nicht 
abgedeckten Teil. 
[      ]
Commissions31 
Provisionen 
 
[      ] 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
[      ] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
 
[      ] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors32 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR-Privatanleger 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors33 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK-Privatanleger 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/ keiner] 
 
                                                 
29 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
30 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
31 
To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. 
32 
Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared 
in 
the 
EEA. 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt im EWR erstellt wird. 
33  
Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt in UK erstellt wird.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
D. Listing(s) and Admission to trading 
 [Yes/No] 
 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Ja/Nein] 
 

Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
Geregelter Markt "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 

Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
Date of admission 
[      ] 
Datum der Zulassung 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading34 
[      ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
All regulated markets or third-country markets, SME Growth Market 
or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same 
class of the notes to be offered to the public or admitted to trading 
are already admitted to trading35  
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der 
Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, 
die öffentlich angeboten oder zum Handel zugelassen werden 
sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind  
 
 Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
Geregelter Markt "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 

Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
Profesionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
Issue Price 
[      ]per cent. 
Ausgabepreis 
[      ]% 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Rating36  
 
[      ] 
Rating 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies as amended, (the "CRA Regulation").]  
                                                 
34 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
35 
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes 
with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
36 
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des 
Ratings wenn dieses vorher von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu) a list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five 
working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days 
following such update. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 
2009 über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert 
ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
Die 
Europäische 
Wertpapier- 
und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
veröffentlicht 
auf 
ihrer 
Webseite 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-certified-CRAs) 
ein 
Verzeichnis 
der 
nach 
der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf 
Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung 
aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der 
Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung. 
 
[Listing and Admission to Trading:37 
[Börseneinführung und -zulassung: 
 
 
The above Final Terms comprise the details required for admittance to trading and to list this issue of Notes (as 
from [insert Issue Date for the Notes]) pursuant to the EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA.]  
Die vorstehenden Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Angaben, die für die Zulassung und 
Notierungsaufnahme dieser Emission von Schuldverschreibungen (ab dem [Valutierungstag der 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen]) gemäß dem EUR 5.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA.] 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing 
up the Prospectus 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes  
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made  
 [Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder  
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission 
of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – 
soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen 
ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen 
unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig 
überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
BERTELSMANN SE & Co. KGaA 
 
 
____________________________________________ 
[Name & title of signatory] 
[Name und Titel des Unterzeichnenden] 
                                                 
37 
Include only in the version of the Final Terms which is submited to the relevant stock exchange in the case of Notes to be 
listed on such stock exchange.  
Nur in derjenigen Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen einfügen, die der betreffenden Börse, bei der die 
Schuldverschreibungen zugelassen werden sollen, vorgelegt wird.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
Unless otherwise disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the net proceeds from each issue of 
Notes will be used for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Terms and Conditions pertaining to a certain issue of Notes may provide that the Holders may agree to 
amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed in a meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) or by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution 
of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such 
Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour of or against such resolution. 
In addition to the provisions included in the Terms and Conditions of a particular issue of Notes, the rules 
regarding resolutions of Holders contained in the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") are applicable. Under the SchVG, these rules are largely mandatory, 
although they permit in limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out in or incorporated into the 
Terms and Conditions. 
Resolutions of the Holders with respect to the Notes can be passed in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in 
accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. SchVG or by way of a vote without a meeting pursuant to § 18 and § 9 et seqq. 
SchVG (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung). 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the convening and conduct of 
meetings of Holders and the taking of votes without meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as 
well as their implementation and challenge before German courts. 
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the common representative of the Holders (the 
"Holders' Representative"), if any. Meetings of Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5 
per cent. or more of the outstanding Notes so require for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. The Terms and Conditions 
may provide that attendance and exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior 
registration of Holders. The Terms and Conditions will indicate what proof will be required for attendance and 
voting at the meeting. The place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the Issuer's 
registered office, provided, however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the 
European Union or the European Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the place of such stock 
exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out the 
proposals for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which no 
quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a 
quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global 
Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an issuer, a Holders' Representative, if appointed, is 
obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by the 
Holders are subject to the provisions of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions, Holders may bring an action to 
set aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following the 
publication of the resolution. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
In the case of resolutions to be passed by Holders without a meeting, the rules applicable to Holders' Meetings 
apply mutatis mutandis to any taking of votes by Holders without a meeting, subject to certain special 
provisions. The following summarises such special rules. 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a 
notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a Holders' Representative has been appointed, the Holders' 
Representative if the vote was solicited by the Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the 
competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such 
voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice 
shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based on 
evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is established that 
no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of the Holders. Within 
one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote may request a copy of the 
minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks following 
the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person presiding over the 
taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, he shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over 
the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES, THE 
ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION OR THE UNITED KINGDOM MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE 
INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO 
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, 
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL 
TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY, THE GRAND 
DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND, THE NETHERLANDS AND THE REPUBLIC OF 
AUSTRIA AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO 
TAXATION.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
The Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 3 April 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") as a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
1. General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it 
of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note constituting 
part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). Accordingly, each Dealer further has represented and agreed that 
neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in 
any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the 
representation set forth in Clause 4(1)(m)(i) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) acknowledges that 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance 
with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; 
(ii) has represented and agreed that it has not offered and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any 
Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and closing date, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; and 
accordingly, (iii) has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting 
on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, 
and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation 
S; and (iv) has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases 
Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the 
following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) (i) as part of its distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing 
date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S. Terms used above have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S." 
(c) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche of 
Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche 
purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) shall 
determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche. 
On the basis of such notification or notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees to notify such Dealer/Lead 
Manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. 
Terms used in this paragraph 2 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(d) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior 
written consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") (or, any successor rules in substantially the same form as D Rules, as

--- Page 129 ---
129 
applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D 
Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of 
resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules;  
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf 
or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations 
and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any 
contractual arrangement with any distributor (as that term is defined for purposes of Regulation S and 
the D Rules) with respect to the distribution of the Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written 
consent of the Issuer. 
3. European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" , each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed in relation to each Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the EU plus Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein) (each a "Relevant State"), that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of approval of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such

--- Page 130 ---
130 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
4. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom") 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU 
Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final 
terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in 
such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 131 ---
131 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA")) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
5. Republic of Singapore ("Singapore") 
The Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, nor may the Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act, 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as amended or modified (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA and where applicable in accordance with the conditions in Regulation 3 of the 
Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA), or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Product classification requirements in Singapore: The Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
6. Japan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act"). Each Dealer represents and agrees that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except only 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any applicable laws, regulations and guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier which is the Luxembourg 
competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation for its approval of this Prospectus. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Except as discussed in the relevant Final Terms, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers 
of, borrowers from or creditors of Bertelsmann and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform services for Bertelsmann and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
particular, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Bertelsmann or 
Bertelsmann's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
Bertelsmann routinely hedge their credit exposure to Bertelsmann consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
Authorisation 
The setup of this programme complies with the articles of association of Bertelsmann and with its internal rules 
of procedure. No further board resolutions are required. 
Listing and Trading Information 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF"), 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). The appropriate 
German securities number ("WKN") (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by 
CBF, CBL and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Documents Available 
The 
following 
documents 
are 
published 
and 
available 
free 
of 
charge 
on 
the 
website 
http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-programme/ as well as from the registered 
office of the Issuer at Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270, 33335 Gütersloh, Germany, and from the specified offices of 
the Fiscal Agent at Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated group annual financial statements of Bertelsmann in respect of the financial 
years ended 2021 and 2022, respectively, in each case including the auditor's report thereon; 
(iii) 
list of shareholdings pursuant to Section 313 German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB) as 
per 31 December 2022; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(v) 
any supplements to this Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes 
listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the European 
Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
website of Bertelsmann Group (http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-
programme/).

--- Page 135 ---
135 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
Documents incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published (English version) or which are published simultaneously 
with this Prospectus and filed with the Commission shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, 
this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the published audited consolidated group annual financial statements of Bertelsmann dated 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, in each case including the auditor's report thereon; and 
(b) 
Section "Boards/Mandates" of the published audited consolidated group annual financial statements of 
Bertelsmann of Bertelsmann. 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by Reference 
 
Page Section of Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
25 
Bertelsmann Group,  
Historical Financial Information 
Group Financial Statements 2021 of Bertelsmann  
(p. 53 – p. 141; p. 143 – p. 150) 
 
Consolidated Income Statement, (p. 53) 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive  
 
Income, (p. 54) 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet, (p. 55) 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, (p. 56) 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity,  
 
(p. 57) 
 
Notes, (p. 58 – p. 141) 
 
Independent Auditors' Report, (p. 143 – p. 150) 
 
https://www.bertelsmann.com/media/investor-relations/annual-
reports/annual-report-2021.pdf  
 
 
 
Group Financial Statements 2022 of Bertelsmann  
(p. 67 – p. 165; p. 167 – p. 175) 
 
Consolidated Income Statement, (p. 67) 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive  
 
Income, (p. 68) 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet, (p. 69) 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, (p. 70) 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, (p. 71) 
 
Notes, (p. 72 – p. 165) 
 
Independent Auditors' Report, (p. 167 – p. 175) 
 
https://www.bertelsmann.com/media/investor-relations/annual-
reports/annual-report-2022.pdf  
 
22/24 
Administrative, Supervisory 
Boards and Management 
Section "Boards/Mandates" of the Group Financial Statements 
2022 of Bertelsmann  
(p. 188 – p 191) 
 
https://www.bertelsmann.com/media/investor-relations/annual-
reports/annual-report-2022.pdf  
 
Any information contained in the documents referred to above which is not listed in the cross-reference list 
abeove and, therefore not incorporated by reference, is either not relevant for investors of the Notes or covered 
elsewhere in the Prospectus.   
Availability of Documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference can be obtained free of charge at the offices of Bertelsmann 
as set out at the end of this Prospectus and are published and available on its website 
http://www.bertelsmann.com/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-programme/. 
Additionally, 
such 
documents will be available free of charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. (the "Luxembourg Listing Agent") for Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are published and available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES  
 
THE ISSUER 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA 
Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270 
33335 Gütersloh 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstr. 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 138 ---
138 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Nikolaus-Dürkopp-Straße 2a 
33602 Bielefeld 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstr. 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France