--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
BFF BANK S.P.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Under this €2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”), BFF Bank S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or the “Bank” or “BFF” or “us” or “we”) may from time to time issue Italian law 
governed notes either (i) in physical form (the “Notes in Physical Form”); or (ii) in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised 
Notes” and, together with the Notes in Physical Form, the “Notes”). Notes issued under the Programme may be denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein. In the event of such increase, a supplement to this Base Prospectus will be prepared by the Issuer, 
which shall be approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The terms and conditions for the Notes in Physical Form are set out under “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form” 
and the terms and conditions for the Dematerialised Notes are set out under “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes”. 
References to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes in Physical Form and/or the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate, and references to 
the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions” shall be to the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form and/or the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified under “Description of the Programme” below and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, WIBOR, CMS, or to the sterling overnight index 
average rate (“SONIA”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is 
provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), WIBOR is provided and administered by GPW 
Benchmark S.A. (“GPW”), CMS is provided and administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and SONIA is provided 
and administered by the Bank of England. At the date of this Base Prospectus, each of EMMI and GPW is authorised as benchmark 
administrators, and included on, the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of CMS is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.  This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. This Base Prospectus comprises a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has 
been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the 
Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) 
and trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer.  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes 
and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities 
Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
SOLE ARRANGER AND DEALER 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 October 2024.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Before investing in the Notes, prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Base 
Prospectus and consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal 
and tax advisers) if they consider it necessary. 
The Issuer (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the relevant Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set 
out below of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and, in the case of listed Notes, will be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). Full information on the Issuer and any 
tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and with any 
supplements hereto. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents 
are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Sole Arranger, the Dealers nor the Fiscal Agent nor any of their respective affiliates have 
authorised this Base Prospectus or any part thereof nor independently verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Sole Arranger, the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent or any of their 
respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
None of the Sole Arranger, the Dealers and the Fiscal Agent accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such 
other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer and the Group (as defined herein). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
and the Fiscal Agent expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
 
or the Issuer and the Group during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase 
any Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer 
form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Fiscal Agent do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent which would permit a public offering 
of any Notes outside the EEA or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the United Kingdom, France and 
the Republic of Italy) and Japan. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person 
making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore – The Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will 
state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Issuer will make 
a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
The Notes of each Tranche may: 
A. initially be represented by a temporary global note (“Temporary Global Note”) which (i) in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form, 
will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) 
and/or any other agreed clearance system, and (ii) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in new global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed 
clearance system. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global note (“Permanent Global Note”) or Notes 
in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as required 
by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Notes, all as further described below; or

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
 
B. be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. with registered office and principal place of business 
at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (“Monte Titoli”), for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their 
customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear, as 
operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Dematerialised Notes 
have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will at all times be 
held in book entry form and title to the Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Italian Finance Act”) and in accordance with 
the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and Bank of Italy Joint 
Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented (“CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Joint Regulation”). The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the 
Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Italian Finance Act (the 
“Dematerialised Notes”). 
The information set out in the sections of this Base Prospectus describing clearing arrangements is subject 
to any change or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Monte Titoli (the “Clearing Systems”), in each case as then in effect. If prospective 
investors wish to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems, they should confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. The Issuer will not 
be responsible or liable for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, book-
entry interests held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such book-entry interests. 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to, among 
other things, the future financial performance of the Issuer and the Group, plans and expectations 
regarding developments in the business, growth and profitability of the Group and general industry and 
business conditions applicable to the Group. The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on its 
current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events. These forward-looking 
statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause the actual 
results, performance or achievements of the Group or those of its industry to be materially different from 
or worse than these forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not assume any obligation to update 
such forward-looking statements and to adapt them to future events or developments except to the extent 
required by law. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are included for information purposes only. The contents 
of any websites (except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus to the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this Base Prospectus do not constitute 
a part of or are incorporated into this Base Prospectus. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the Group are either derived from, or are based on, 
internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the sources for the rating 
information set out in the section headed “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data – Rating” of 
this Base Prospectus is the following rating agency: Moody’s (as defined below). In respect of 
information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources 
used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such sources. 
All references in this document to: “Euro”, “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended; “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars being the 
currency of the United States of America; “Sterling” refers to the currency of the United Kingdom; “yen” 
refers to the currency of Japan; “Polish Zloty” refers to the currency of Poland; and references to the 
“BFF Group” or the “Group” are to BFF Bank S.p.A. and its subsidiaries.

--- Page 6 ---
v 
 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
References to websites or uniform resource locators (“URLs”) are inactive textual references and are 
included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL (except for the 
documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set out 
on any such website) shall not form part of, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Such stabilising shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Any loss or 
profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilising shall, as against the Issuer, be 
for the account of the Stabilising Manager(s) and the Lead Manager(s). 
SUITABILITY 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.  
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
 
extent: (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own independent examination of the Issuer 
and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. None of the Arranger, 
the Dealers, or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality of 
its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
SOCIAL BOND FRAMEWORK, SECOND PARTY OPINIONS AND EXTERNAL 
VERIFICATION 
In connection with the issue of “Social Bonds” under the Programme, the Issuer has published a “Social 
Bond Framework” in September 2023 which has been prepared in accordance with the 2023 Social Bond 
Principles published by the International Capital Markets Association (“ICMA) (the “Social Bond 
Framework”) and, in particular, with the following four core components: (i) use of proceeds; (ii) project 
evaluation and selection; (iii) management of proceeds; and (iv) reporting. ISS Corporate Solutions has 
reviewed the Social Bond Framework and issued a second party opinion on 29 September 2023 (the 
“Second-party Opinion”). The Issuer’s Social Bond Framework and the related Second-party Opinion 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
within 
the 
investors 
section 
as 
follows: 
https://investor.bff.com/en/emtn-programme. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any such 
frameworks, opinions, reports, certifications (such as the Second-party Opinion) and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of any such document for the purpose of any investment in the 
Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, 
the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their affiliates (including parent companies), second party opinion 
providers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or 
certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Social Bonds under the Programme. 
Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto (including, without 
limitation, the related Social Bond Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
See also the Risk Factors headed “Social Bonds” below.

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. i 
CONTENTS ............................................................................................................................................... vii 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 62 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 65 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM ................................................. 66 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES.................................................. 110 
FORM OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 158 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 160 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 177 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA .................................................... 179 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP .......................................................................... 191 
REGULATORY ....................................................................................................................................... 213 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 225 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 234 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 239

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such Tranche and the relevant 
Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the 
Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (as amended). Words and expressions defined in “Form of 
the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes” shall have the same meanings in this description. References to the relevant 
Conditions shall be to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form” (for Notes in Physical 
Form) and the “Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes” (for Dematerialised Notes) and 
references to a numbered “Condition” shall be to the relevant Condition in the relevant Terms and 
Conditions. 
Issuer: 
BFF Bank S.p.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Dealer(s): 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying 
Agent (for Notes in Physical 
Form): 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes: 
BFF Bank S.p.A. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen, Polish Zloty and, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, pursuant to Article 12-bis, 
paragraph 1, letter a), of the Italian Banking Act, the Maturity Date

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by 
current laws, regulations, directives and/or the requirements of the 
Relevant Authority (as defined in the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Physical Form and in the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes) applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes 
by the Issuer, Subordinated Notes must have a minimum maturity of 
five years (or, if issued for an indefinite duration, redemption of such 
Notes may only occur five years after their date of issue). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale – United Kingdom” below. 
Final Terms or  
Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a drawdown prospectus (each a “Drawdown Prospectus”) prepared in 
connection with a particular Tranche of Notes. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of the relevant Final 
Terms, those relevant Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete the Conditions and this Base Prospectus and 
must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of such relevant Final Terms are the Conditions as completed 
by such Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions 
as supplemented, amended and/ or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a “Series”). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (“Tranches” and, each, a “Tranche”) 
issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will be subject to identical terms 
in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations (of at least €100,000 or its equivalent in another 
currency. In addition, Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated Notes must have 
a denomination of at least €200,000).

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
Form of Notes in Physical 
Form: 
The Notes in Physical Form will be in bearer form and will on issue be 
represented by either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global 
Note as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Temporary Global Notes 
will be exchangeable for either (i) interests in a Permanent Global 
Note or (ii) definitive Notes, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes 
upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as 
described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described under “Form of the Notes”. 
Form of the Dematerialised 
Notes: 
The Dematerialised Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their respective date 
of issue. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depository 
banks 
appointed 
by 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for 
clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will at all times 
be held in book entry form and title to the Dematerialised Notes will 
be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Italian Finance Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of 
Italy Joint Regulation. The Noteholders may not require physical 
delivery of Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask 
the relevant intermediaries for certification of their holding pursuant to 
Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Italian Finance Act. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate, or interest may initially 
accrue at a fixed rate and then switch to a floating rate, or interest may 
initially accrue at a floating rate and then switch to a fixed rate. The 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-
market swap rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case, 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) or (ii) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
by reference to the benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as adjusted for any applicable 
margin/multiplier; or 
 
(d) 
on the basis of the CMS Rate. 
 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require further 
information in respect of the ISDA Definitions. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation 
to Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed-Floating and  
Floating-Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed-Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance 
with the Fixed Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear 
interest in accordance with the Floating Rate Note provisions, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating-Fixed Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear 
interest in accordance with the Fixed Rate Note provisions, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Amendment: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may (subject to 
certain conditions and following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser) determine a Successor Reference Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any, and any Benchmark Amendments (each term as defined in the 
Conditions) in accordance with Condition 4.4.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance 
with the Conditions, each Note (including each CMS Linked Interest 
Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant 
Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount will always be equal to at 
least 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes.  
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event (in case of Senior Notes) or a Regulatory Event (in case of 
Subordinated Notes), or in each case at the option of the Issuer

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
(including, if specified in the Final Terms, if at least the Clean-Up Call 
Percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same 
Series have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer) and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The early redemption, repurchase or redemption at maturity of 
Subordinated Notes shall, to the extent required by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, be subject to any conditions to such redemption 
or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the 
relevant time, including the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
If such approval is not given on or prior to the relevant redemption 
date, the Issuer will re-apply to the Relevant Authority for its consent 
to such redemption forthwith upon its having again satisfied, by 
whatever means, such conditions. The Issuer will use reasonable 
endeavours to satisfy such conditions and to obtain such approval. 
Amounts that would otherwise be payable on the Maturity Date will 
continue to bear interest. 
The early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or 
repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the 
relevant time. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a member state of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
In addition: 
(a) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at 
least €150,000; and 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least 
€200,000, 
or, in each case, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
Specified Currency. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Republic of 
Italy subject as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
As more fully described under “Taxation — Italian Taxation” below, 
interest, premium and other income paid under Notes that qualify as

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
(a) obbligazioni (b) titoli similari alle obbligazioni, pursuant to Article 
44 of Italian Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as 
amended, or (c) capital adequacy financial instruments are subject to a 
substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) levied at the tax rate of 26 per cent. 
stated by Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as 
subsequently amended. Different rules could apply to non-Italian 
resident Noteholders. 
 
Interest payments relating to Notes that do not qualify as obbligazioni, 
titoli similari alle obbligazioni or capital adequacy financial 
instruments but qualify as titoli atipici (atypical securities) for Italian 
tax purposes, are subject to a withholding tax levied at the rate of 26 
per cent. stated by Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 
(converted by Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983), as amended. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Status of Notes: 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be either senior preferred (“Senior 
Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred (“Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior 
Notes”) or subordinated (“Subordinated Notes”) as described below. 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to 
time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes following the Issue Date) if any) from time to time outstanding, 
as described in Condition 3.1 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes). 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank by their terms, and/or by provision of law (including 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of 
Article 72a(2) of the CCR) senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
pari passu without any preference among themselves, and with all 
other present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or 
are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and in priority to any subordinated 
instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to 
Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, as 
amended from time to time, as described in Condition 3.2 (Status of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and the payment obligations of 
the Issuer thereunder shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
whilst the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partially, 
Tier 2 Capital: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (including, without limitation, any obligations 
under the Senior Notes ) or any other present or future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to 
rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes, including any obligation

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
required to be preferred by law (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify in their entirety as Own 
Funds); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or 
future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed 
by their terms to rank, junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes 
(including the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any instruments 
qualifying as Tier 2 Capital); and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including, without limitation, the claims of the 
shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under instruments 
or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer); or 
(b) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from 
the Issuer’s Own Funds: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and any other present or future unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the Notes (including, 
without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as Tier 2 Capital or Own Funds and with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that have such ranking; and  
(iii) 
senior to any other present or future subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, junior 
to the Subordinated Notes (including Own Funds Instruments), and 
(iii) all present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or 
are not expressed by their terms to rank, senior or pari passu to the 
Subordinated Notes, 
as described in Condition 3.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Terms and Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes to be 
listed on Euronext Dublin, and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. A copy of such Final Terms will be filed 
with the Central Bank of Ireland and delivered to Euronext Dublin on 
or before the date of issue of such Notes. The terms and conditions 
applicable to the Notes of each Tranche will be those set out herein 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form or the 
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, as the case may 
be, as completed and/or modified by the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to the holding of any Notes issued under 
the Programme which investors should ensure they fully understand. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk 
Factors” below. 
Rating: 
The rating (if any) of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA which is certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to Trading: 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Monte Titoli and/or, in relation 
to any Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Governing Law of the Notes 
in Physical Form: 
The Notes in Physical Form and the Coupons and any non contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes in Physical 
Form and the Coupons, will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
Governing Law of the 
Dematerialised Notes: 
The Dematerialised Notes and any non contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Dematerialised Notes, will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including the Republic of 
Italy, France and the United Kingdom), Japan, Singapore and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in and incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable 
for them in the light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based 
upon their own judgment and upon advice from such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers 
as they deem necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form” and in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have 
the same meaning in this section. Unless otherwise specified, the term “Terms and Conditions” or 
“Conditions” shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form and the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and any reference to a “Condition” shall be to both a 
Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form and a Condition under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
The risk factors below have been classified into the following categories: 
 
Risks related to the impact of national and international macro-economic and political factors 
 
Risks related to our business activities 
 
Liquidity and other financial risks 
 
Operational Risks 
 
Risks related to capital adequacy and the impact of banking and taxation regulation 
(A) 
Risks related to the impact of national and international macro-economic and political 
factors 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors  
The Group’s performance is influenced by the macroeconomic scenario in Italy and in the countries 
where it operates, as well as the EU-wide macroeconomic conditions and by the conditions of the 
financial markets. In particular, the earning capacity and solvency of the Group are affected by 
macroeconomic factors - such as economic growth, inflation and public deficit - and financial factors - 
such as fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates and equity markets. 
In general, the Group is exposed to the risk of a slowdown or recession in the European Union or in one 
or more of the countries in which it operates, which could result in a decrease in revenues, or a reduction 
in value of its assets, with possible negative effects on the business, financial conditions and/or results of 
operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
The Group is also exposed to the financial risk caused by a significant movement of interest rates, which 
might impact the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s financing costs not being exactly matched/followed by an 
equivalent movement on the revenues side, taking also into account that all our late payment interest 
funds are linked to the ECB rate, which would create an additional exposure to interest rate changes on 
the basis of the ECB rate trends. In addition, the Group is exposed to the risk of a decline in the equity 
markets, which would weigh on the value of the assets under management of the funds which are clients 
of our Securities Services business and, consequently, on the fees we receive and on our liquidity. Finally,

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
the Group is exposed to the risk of unpredictable fluctuations in the exchange rates of the countries in 
which it operates, which could have a negative impact on revenues. See also “We are subject to risks 
connected with exchange rates”. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterised by high levels of uncertainty, due in part to the 
following: (i) the impact on the global economy of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and of the ongoing 
conflict; (ii) the impact on the global economy of the conflict in the Middle East; (iii) confirmation of 
growth trend, or recovery and consolidation perspectives, for the US and Chinese economies, which have 
shown consistent progress in recent years but have recently lost momentum; (iv) the ECB, in the Euro 
area, and the Federal Reserve System, in the US, monetary policy effectiveness and their future 
developments, adverse future developments in the Dollar area, policies implemented by other countries 
aimed at promoting their currencies’ competitive devaluations; (v) sovereign debt sustainability of certain 
countries and the related recurring tensions on the financial markets; (vi) risks related to a high increase 
of inflation; and (vii) international banking system crisis. 
In 2023, the major Western economies registered a slowdown in growth as compared to previous years 
and a widespread reduction of the inflation rate driven by lower energy prices, following the steep 
inflation increase occurred in 2022. Despite the continuation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
and the outbreak of hostilities and increased tensions in the Middle East, energy prices fell on 
expectations of a slowdown in global commodity demand. More recently, there has been an escalation in 
the hostilities in the Middle East, with the conflicts between Israel and the Palestinian territory of Gaza, 
the confrontation between Israel and Hezbollah and Iran as well as the attacks launched by the Houthi 
militia in Yemen on commercial shipping vessels in the Red Sea since November 2023. Any further 
escalation of the on-going conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as a deterioration of the 
macroeconomic scenario – could have an impact on energy prices and the global economic outlook. 
In this context, it should be noted that the direct impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on the Group is 
marginal, as it has no operations in Russia, Ukraine and no credit exposure to customers incorporated in 
these countries or indirectly related to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties.  
With specific reference to the European Union, where the Group carries out its operations, economic 
growth slowed in 2023 as a result of restrictive monetary policy and weak foreign demand, impacting 
mainly the industrial sector. 
In March 2023, volatility in the international financial markets increased abruptly following a series of 
events in the US banking sector. The most important of these was the failure of Silicon Valley Bank, 
which was declared insolvent on 10 March 2023 after it failed to cover losses on a large sale of securities, 
leading to a collapse in its share price and a huge outflow of deposits. Almost simultaneously, two other 
smaller US banks - Silvergate Bank and Signature Bank - also failed. Then, in the week of 13 March 
2023, the Swiss bank Credit Suisse (which had been experiencing some difficulties for years that were 
already known to markets and regulators) was hit by a crisis of confidence that caused its share price to 
fall sharply on the stock markets. The combination of these events fuelled fears of contagion and led to a 
sudden increase in risk aversion in global financial markets. Substantial falls, which were later largely 
reversed, also affected bank share prices in the euro area. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group 
does not have investments in any of the aforementioned financial institutions. 
All of these factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in potential losses, 
an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s borrowing costs, or a reduction in value of its assets, with 
possible negative effects on the business, financial conditions and/or results of operations of the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
The Group’s exposure to Italian government sovereign debt is significant and the Group may be 
adversely impacted by any negative change in the creditworthiness of the Italian state 
The Group is exposed to the sovereign debt of the Italian government. As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s 
securities portfolio consisted of Italian government securities, recorded in the Group financial statements 
as financial activities under “hold to collect” (“HTC”). 
The book value of HTC Italian government securities held by the Group was equal to €4,951 million, 
€4,957 million and €6,129 million as of 30 June 2024, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, 
respectively.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
The proportion of Italian government securities relative to the Group’s total assets (using the book value) 
was equal to 40.7% at 30 June 2024. The Group is therefore exposed to changes in the price of Italian 
public debt securities. Any tensions in or volatility affecting the sovereign bond market could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As of 30 June 2024, 
the Group did not hold any structured securities in its portfolio. 
Given that the composition of our securities portfolio and the characteristics of our business involve a 
significant exposure to the Republic of Italy, if the Italian central Government and/or one or more public 
administrations were to default or delay in their payments, we may suffer losses that could potentially 
have adverse effects on our economic and financial situation. 
The credit standing of the Italian state, like that of other sovereign states, is subject to monitoring and 
evaluation by rating agencies. Any downgrade of the credit rating of Italian sovereign debt and changes to 
interest rates could reduce the value of Italian government securities, which in turn could negatively 
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “Risks related to the impact of 
global macro-economic factors”. 
If the Basel IV rules were to be implemented, government securities held by EU banks could be subject to 
weighting criteria and weighting factors could be aligned to those applied prior to the adoption of the 
ECB’s anti-spread measures in 2012 which involved large purchases on the secondary market of 
government securities issued by distressed countries, as well as an increase in the collateral of repo 
transactions. The introduction of a more stringent weighting factor on government securities issued by the 
Italian government could have a significant adverse effect on our capital requirements with regards to 
government securities. 
Credit risk relates to the possibility that the Italian government, finding itself in difficulties, may not, in 
whole or in part, be able to repay its securities at the contractually agreed due dates. In these 
circumstances, the tensions and developments of the international and European financial markets could 
impact the domestic economic situation of Italy. If these circumstances were to occur, it could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
In general, should we decide to use our portfolio of Italian sovereign debt securities in order to enter into 
repo transactions with the European Central Bank for liquidity purposes, any downgrade related to the 
debt of the Republic of Italy may determine the application of increased haircuts, with a consequent 
reduction, albeit limited, on the liquidity value generated by such securities. In this scenario, we may be 
unable to meet our payment obligations being either known or foreseen with a reasonable degree of 
certainty. Therefore, liquidity risk could arise from us having difficulties and not managing to refinance, 
in full or in part, our own securities portfolio on the financial market as a result of external factors, such 
as a possible increase in tensions in the national and international macroeconomic situation and a possible 
deterioration in the credit standing of the Italian state. 
(B) 
Risks related to our business activities 
The creditworthiness of our counterparties may deteriorate 
We are exposed to risks related to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of our counterparties, 
including debtors and customers. Such credit quality deterioration risk involves both (i) counterparty risk, 
and (ii) concentration risk (i.e. if we have highly concentrated exposures to counterparties that face credit 
quality issues). 
If the transactions entered into with a counterparty represent a credit position for us at the time of 
insolvency of such counterparty, we will experience a loss. Our application of the “standardised” methods 
of calculating counterparties’ risk entails a low degree of risk. 
Financial counterparty risk is inherent vis-à-vis: 
 
banks, related to the temporary investment of liquidity through deposits, repurchase and reverse 
repurchase agreements (whose credit risk, in most cases, is mitigated by Global Master 
Repurchase Agreements, with daily valuation of mark-to-market and collateral), and derivative 
contracts entered into to hedge our interest rate and exchange rate risk with banks;

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
 
investment funds (both mutual and alternative) represented by overdraft facilities to finance their 
liquidity gap between the request of sale of quotas by investors and the sale of the underlying 
assets and to cover shortages on financial instrument sales caused by settlement failures; and 
 
brokers, asset managers, insurance companies through repurchase agreements (mostly supported 
by Global Master Repurchase Agreements with daily valuation of mark-to-market and 
collateral). 
We also grant lines of credit to corporate borrowers, representing a negligible portion of our business, 
mainly represented by short term repurchase agreements. We generally mitigate the credit risk arising 
from such transactions through employing the terms of the ISDA Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
with daily mark-to-market and collateral valuation. 
The creditworthiness and the relative financing granted to the financial counterparties are regularly 
reviewed (at least annually) and the exposure is constantly monitored. 
In relation to the business activities carried out by the Group, the risk concerning the deterioration of 
credit quality to which the Group is exposed is closely connected to the countries, as well as to the 
businesses, where such business activities are carried out (the so called “country risk” under Pillar 2). 
The credit risk assessment procedures that we use to assess creditworthiness are tailored to our business 
model. However, it cannot be ruled out that, despite passing the credit risk assessment procedures, the 
counterparties, clients and debtors do not meet their obligations and there could in future be a 
deterioration of our credit portfolio. Any failure of our counterparties, clients and debtors to fulfil their 
obligations may have a negative impact on our ability to fulfil our own obligations. This could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers 
With reference to the Factoring and Lending Business (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the 
Group”), most of our key customers are large multinational and Italian companies with whom we have 
built and maintain strong commercial relationships. However, the majority of our contracts with 
customers neither (i) impose any obligation on us to purchase non-recourse receivables in the future, nor 
(ii) contain any exclusivity clauses or impose any obligation on customers to continue selling receivables 
to the Group, thus making it relatively simple for counterparties to exercise withdrawal rights for any 
reason, and therefore we have limited visibility with respect to future volumes. 
With reference to the Securities Services (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the Group”) 
activities, which are concentrated in the Italian market, our clients are a limited number of Italian mutual 
funds, pension funds and alternative investments funds. We are therefore exposed to the risk of loss of 
clients, including in case of consolidation among asset managers, which may result in the migration of 
our clients and the assets under management to a different provider. 
Also the Payments Services (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the Group”) activities are 
concentrated in the Italian market, and leverage on the long standing relationship with the majority of our 
clients, which are represented by Italian small/medium banks, and a vast array of PSP and electronic 
money institutions. Potential acquisitions of our clients by larger banks, including universal banks, may 
result in the insourcing of the payment services we provide to our clients, resulting in a reduction in the 
number of transactions we operate, which, in turn, would have an impact on our income. Additionally, a 
substantial part of our Payment Services activities is carried out in connection with transactions generated 
by Nexi S.p.A. (“Nexi”) or its clients, which use our services on the basis of an agreement with Nexi 
which is set to expire in 2026. Although we have a long-standing relationship with Nexi, and we believe 
that our services constitute a key layer in the payments services provided by Nexi, we are exposed to the 
risk that Nexi ceases to use our services in order to process payments, either at the expiration of our 
agreement in 2026 or earlier. 
Therefore, the loss of any of our key customers or a significant decrease in the business generated from 
them, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
See also “We operate in an increasingly competitive and concentrated market and may not be able to 
maintain or increase our current market share”.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
We operate in an increasingly competitive and concentrated market and may not be able to maintain or 
increase our current market share 
Relative to the major European banking groups, we are one of the smaller operators and so are exposed to 
the risk that some of our competitors may exploit their scale to penetrate or consolidate their position in 
the markets in which we operate, attracting our customers and depriving us of a significant market share 
by offering more innovative or more aggressively priced products and services. 
In the factoring and particularly the lending and deposit taking sectors, as well in the broader banking 
sector, our competitors include, inter alia, banks and banking groups of various size ranges which operate 
in the same markets that we do and other financial institutions that offer term deposit account services. In 
this regard, the banking sector in Europe is characterised by a high level of competitiveness. 
The payment services and securities services markets are highly competitive and subject to a significant 
degree of concentration. Our Securities Services and Payment Services operations compete on 
technology, price of offered services, speed, performance, quality and reliability, reputation and customer 
service. Additionally, such markets are experiencing a period of rapid transformation due to customer 
habits, technological innovation and recent legislation at the European and national levels, which may 
result in increased competition (including by new service providers) and/or concentration, increase in 
compliance costs (which may benefit larger players that are able to sustain more effectively such costs 
due to economies of scale), a decrease in consumer spending, or a shift in consumer preferences. 
In light of the current process of product and service diversification carried out by many European banks, 
we cannot exclude that certain banks may extend the services they offer to the specific market area in 
which we operate, or enter into our markets through acquisitions or other extraordinary transactions. This 
situation may constitute a risk in relation to the maintaining of our market share and the profit margins, 
with a consequential negative impact on our projections and on our financial, economic and capital 
situation, as well as on the Group’s results. See also “We derive a significant portion of our revenue from 
a limited number of customers”. 
Furthermore, this competitive pressure could increase as a result of regulatory intervention, the behaviour 
of competitors, consumer demand, technological change, possible aggregation processes involving 
financial groups, the entry of new competitors and the contribution of other factors not necessarily under 
our control. 
In the event that we are unable to respond to increasing competitive pressure by, inter alia, offering 
innovative products and services capable of satisfying the demands of customers, we could lose market 
share in several business sectors and, therefore, related trading volumes and revenues. For example, in 
last three years, we have recorded a decrease in commission income from our Credit Collection 
Management (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the Group”) services following the increased 
competition on the market. 
As a result of such competitive pressures, we may not be able to maintain or increase our level of activity 
and profitability in line with past results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
We may be unable to meet the objectives of our growth strategy, which involves both organic growth 
and acquisitions 
Pursuant to our Strategic Plan (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the Group”), we pursue a 
growth strategy designed to expand and consolidate our business segments. 
The Strategic Plan contains the Group’s targets through to 2028 prepared on the basis of macroeconomic 
projections as of its approval date and strategic actions that need to be implemented. 
The Strategic Plan is based on numerous assumptions and hypotheses, some of which relate to events not 
fully under the control of the board of directors and management of BFF. In particular, the Strategic Plan 
contains a set of assumptions, estimates and predictions that are based on the occurrence of future events 
and actions to be taken by, inter alia, the board of directors of the Issuer, in the period from 2023 to 2028, 
which include, among other things, hypothetical assumptions of different types of risks and uncertainties 
arising from the current economic environment, relating to future events and actions of directors and the 
management of the Issuer that may not necessarily occur, events, actions, and other assumptions

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
including those related to the performance of the main economic and financial variables or other factors 
that affect their development over which the directors and management of BFF do not have, or have 
limited, control. 
We are therefore exposed to the risk that we may be unable to implement part or all of our growth 
strategy or within the timeframe we expected, that the assumptions on which we based our growth 
strategy may be incorrect or that our growth strategy may not achieve the results we expected. Any such 
failure to develop, revise or implement our growth strategy in a timely and effective manner could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We may be subject to risks in connection with any potential future acquisitions and the integration of 
such entities may be difficult 
In the ordinary course of our business, we continuously explore and evaluate opportunities to enhance our 
business, broaden our existing operating platforms, achieve operational efficiencies or expand our product 
offerings. 
As a result, we have made, and, pursuant to our Strategic Plan, may in the future make, material 
acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships or other material transactions. In fact, in 2021 we 
completed the DEPObank’s Acquisition (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the Group”), 
pursuant to which we started to operate in new business segments, such as payment services and 
securities services. Such transactions could result in the incurrence of contingent liabilities. All this in the 
aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. See also “Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors” and “Risks related to 
our funding structure. The trend or the possible shocks on the stability of deposits deriving from the 
activity carried out by Securities Services and Payment Services could lead to situations of excess or 
shortfall of liquidity”. 
Moreover, acquisitions further expose us to risks connected to the integration of the acquired companies, 
including: difficulties in integrating an acquired company’s hardware and software systems with our own; 
the diversion of our resources and management’s attention from other business concerns; the potential 
loss of key employees which could deprive the company of knowledge which the remaining employees 
do not have; risks associated with entering markets in which we may have little experience; and the day-
to-day management of a substantially larger and more geographically diverse combined company. 
In addition, we may not realise the synergies, operating efficiencies, market position or revenue growth 
we anticipate from acquisitions, and our failure to effectively manage the above risks and other problems 
associated with acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business, 
and financial condition. 
Our Factoring and Lending business is dependent on inefficiencies and payment delays in the public 
administration and healthcare systems in the relevant countries 
Our Non-Recourse Factoring (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the Group”) and Credit 
Collection Management businesses depend on the occurrence of delays in payment and administrative 
difficulties (with respect to both debtors and customers) in the national health system and public 
administration of the countries in which we do business. 
We do not expect the governments of countries in which we operate (Italy, Spain, Portugal, Poland, 
Greece, Slovakia, Croatia, the Czech Republic and France) to adopt measures capable of eliminating 
entirely the structural inefficiencies in the public sector of their respective countries. However, we cannot 
rule out the possibility that such measures could be successfully adopted in the future or that the public 
sector (the national health system and public administration in particular) of the countries in which we 
operate could obtain sufficient funds and implement adequate procedures to materially reduce delays in 
payments to suppliers. 
In addition, following the obligation for Italian public administrations to issue electronic invoices 
introduced as of 2019 (following the adoption of Directive 2014/55/EU), a new electronic ordering tool 
has been implemented by the national health system and will be adopted by all Italian public 
administrations, and an electronic delivery bill is currently under evaluation. In this respect, further

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
digitisation of payments by public administrations could lead to a streamlined process related to the 
settlement of invoices and further reduce payment delays. 
A significant reduction in delays in public sector payments and periods of excess liquidity on the markets 
in the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Governments may implement efficiency measures that could significantly reduce the “days sales 
outstanding” (“DSO“) and demand for our services 
We are exposed to the risk that the governments of the countries in which we operate could adopt 
measures aimed at improving efficiency of the national health system and public sector, and at reducing 
DSO. In this respect, by way of example, the measures enacted to contrast the effect of the Covid-19 
pandemic resulted in a significant injection of liquidity in the financial system; this, in turn, has resulted 
in an acceleration in payments, which reduced DSOs for receivables in our markets and accelerated 
collection times. 
Although some of the above measures have resulted in a reduction of DSO and thereby increased 
profitability in the short-term (given that we collected receivables sooner than expected), any structural 
measures undertaken by national governments which would successfully increase the efficiency of the 
national health system and public administration – which could be achieved in the future by the Italian, 
Spanish, Portuguese, Polish, Czech, Slovakian, Greek, Croatian and French governments through the 
introduction of other new measures – could result in a reduction in (i) the demand for our services (this 
effect would however be less relevant for our credit management services for third-party receivables), (ii) 
our commission rates and the margin we receive, and (iii) DSO, with a consequent reduction in income 
received from late payment interest and other types of interest. Any such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our Factoring and Lending operations are dependent on continued government spending on national 
health and other segments of the public administration 
We operate in the market of expenditure in goods and services for which the governments of Italy, Spain, 
Portugal, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Greece, Croatia and France allocate funds to their public 
bodies, in particular the national health system and other segments of the public administration. 
We are exposed to the risk that such governments, following a deterioration of the macroeconomic 
situation or the introduction of more stringent restrictions on public funding, may significantly reduce the 
funds allocated for expenditure in goods and services to the national health system and the public 
administration, which could result in a reduction of the volumes of receivables generated in the sector in 
which we operate and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Our business is dependent on our customers and the debtors that they supply, each of whom may face 
economic uncertainty and changes in the regulatory landscape which could impact their need for our 
services 
Our Factoring and Lending business involves managing and/or purchasing the receivables of our 
customers (which in large part are multinational companies or large domestic businesses) owed by their 
debtors (the majority of whom are entities of the public administration sector, including national 
healthcare systems, but which comprise also private debtors). We are exposed to the risk that our 
customers or their debtors may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or be in financial 
distress, and, as a result, may not be able to meet their contractual obligations or enter into new 
contractual obligations or that debtors may cause the deterioration of our asset quality. In particular, in the 
instance of returning the receivables to the original seller, we may not be able to recover the full amount 
of the receivables that we purchased from our customers should they be insolvent. This risk is amplified 
in relation to new or small customers or customers operating in countries where we have only recently 
started to offer our services, such as Croatia, Greece and France. With regard to these customers, we carry 
out credit analysis prior to engaging with them, however, we cannot rule out that they may fail to pay 
commission for our credit management and non-recourse factoring services or reimburse us for the 
receivables that are not certain and due from the debtors. Moreover, the factoring business can be affected 
by the dilution risk, which occurs when an amount of receivable purchased could be reduced through cash

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
or non-cash credits to the obligor; this risk could arise, for example, when the good or service rendered by 
the assignor to their debtors is under dispute due to the quality of the service or product or the non-
compliance with the contractual provisions between the parties. 
In addition, if any of our customers become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, they may 
also not be able to meet their contractual obligations, such as (although to a lesser degree) the payment of 
commission for our credit management services or reimburse us for the costs in connection with the 
management and/or enforcement of the receivables. We also purchase receivables which at the time of 
purchase are already impaired assets; such purchases do not constitute a material part of our current 
business. Such activities could result in an increase of our (net and gross) non-performing exposures. We 
determine the price of the receivables based on the financial position of the relevant debtors and the 
recovery rate and time of recovery. However, we may still be exposed to capital losses and a general 
deterioration of asset quality as a result of our debtors’ financial vulnerability, which could have a 
material adverse effect on our business. 
We are also exposed to risks connected with each of the countries in which we operate (Italy, Spain, 
Portugal, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Greece, Croatia and France). Should the central governments 
of these countries default, the debtors themselves may no longer be able to rely on government funding 
and as a result could no longer be able to repay their commercial debts. This could affect our clients’ and 
their debtors’ financial situation, and, in turn, our credit management business. 
Since our debtors are public bodies, they may be subject to regulatory changes. For instance, certain 
legislative measures have been implemented in certain regions of Italy aimed at the consolidation of local 
healthcare authorities, as a result of which our counterparties have been replaced by new entities and there 
is a process of merger between smaller municipalities in Italy. We may not have the same broad 
knowledge of these new final debtors, which may hinder our ability to, inter alia, assess and predict credit 
collection timing, credit risk and, therefore, pricing. Such measures may be implemented in other regions 
as well. In addition, new measures may be taken in the future to reduce the number of local entities, 
which could also cause us to lose existing counterparties as the number of final debtors is reduced. 
Therefore, if the economic conditions of our customers deteriorate, or if changes in their regulatory 
landscape result in negative consequences to our operations, these risks could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
As the events referred to above are unforeseeable (and we have no control over the possibility of their 
occurrence), they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
Our heavy reliance on non-recourse factoring prevents us from benefitting from the legal protections 
of the guarantee of solvency 
Under Italian law and the laws in most of the countries where we operate, the sale of receivables can 
either be non-recourse or with-recourse. Non-recourse factoring involves the assigning creditor legally 
guaranteeing the existence of the receivables, but does not guarantee the solvency of the assigned debtor 
(i.e. that the assigned debtor will effectively pay its debt to the acquiring assignee). This is considered 
ordinary sale of receivables under the Italian Civil Code. In recourse factoring, the assigning party 
assumes the negotiated guarantee of the solvency of the assigned debtor. The assigning party that 
guarantees the solvency of the assigned debtor is liable up to the price of the factoring, and not the 
amount of the assigned receivable, as well as the legal interest accrued on this sum from the day it was 
collected by the assigning party until the day of settlement. The assigning party should, therefore, repay 
the assignee the expenses incurred for the factoring and for any enforcement of the assigned debt. 
Within the context of our factoring business, our primary activity consists of the purchase of receivables 
on a non-recourse basis and, therefore, we assume the risk (inherent to this form of factoring) of possible 
insolvency of the assigned debtors (i.e. failure to fulfil their payment obligations), instead of benefitting 
from a guarantee from the assigning party in relation to the assigned debtors’ solvency, which the parties 
may agree to under Italian law. 
If there were to be an increase in the number of insolvent assigned debtors, we would not be able to 
benefit from the guarantee of solvency of the assigning creditor or may not obtain adequate redress. The 
inability to recoup losses from such receivables could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
Assets under management at our Securities Services segment may not grow as expected, which may 
adversely affect our income 
The income generated by our Securities Services business segment depends on the amount of assets under 
management (“AUM”) held by the Group. AUM held by the Group may vary as a result of factors on 
which we do not exercise control, such as market, economic and political conditions globally and in the 
jurisdictions and sectors in which it invests or operates, including but not limited to factors affecting 
public share prices, interest rates, the availability of credit, currency exchange rates, trade barriers and 
economic uncertainty (including but not limited to uncertainties resulting from global pandemics such as 
Covid-19), changes in interpretation of and amendments to laws or regulations (including those relating to 
taxation of the Issuer and its related entities), commodity prices and controls and the overall geopolitical 
environment (including acts of war, terrorist attacks and security operations). See also “Risks related to 
the impact of global macro-economic factors”. 
Future market conditions may deteriorate significantly and may be less favourable compared to current 
and historical market conditions, which could adversely affect the AUM at our Securities Service 
business and, consequently, the income generated by such business segment. Global financial markets 
may experience considerable declines in the valuations of equity and debt securities. 
The seasonality in the business volumes of our Factoring and Lending Business may result in 
disruptions to our operations 
Due to our customers’ financial requirements, we tend to concentrate the purchase of receivables at the 
end of the financial year and in the final months of each quarter. Consequently, our business is seasonal, 
resulting in peaks in the use of capital and demand for liquidity. On the other hand, we carry out the 
collection of receivables at various times throughout the year, resulting in more uniform levels of 
collections throughout the year. Therefore, throughout the year we experience relatively high cyclicality 
in our financial statements and, in particular, significant changes to the volumes of our assets on our 
balance sheet. 
Our business is exposed to the risk that external factors (such as extraordinary payments made by the 
public sector or unexpected reduction in public sector payment flows) occurring during the periods in 
which our business experiences the seasonality peaks, could have disproportionate effects on our business 
operations. In particular, depending on the specific circumstances and the periods in which such events 
occur, our business could experience fluctuations in terms of volume of purchased receivables, 
outstanding receivables or collections, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
(C) 
Liquidity and other financial risks 
The business model related to the Factoring and Lending is based on cash flow estimates and any 
incorrect evaluations of DSO and payments timing of debtors and volumes forecasts may impact on 
our funding needs and liquidity position 
We estimate the income that we can generate from the receivables portfolio we purchase in our Non-
Recourse Factoring operations on the basis of our past experience. 
The pricing of each receivable acquired in the context of our Factoring & Lending Business is set on the 
DSO and the creditworthiness of the relevant customer and debtors. This metric, together with the 
estimates on volumes, both in terms of factoring and lending products, allows us to manage the funding 
needs and the liquidity position that the Group should maintain in order to respect its strategic target in 
compliance with regulatory constraints. Therefore, (i) errors in evaluating our expected DSO or their 
modification due to changes in payment behaviour of the debtors or due to the adoption of legislative 
measures in the countries in which we carry out our business, (ii) unexpected excessive volatility of 
volumes forecasted and/or (iii) errors in growth estimates may reduce both our expected and actual 
margins, and determine a decrease in the Group’s revenues due to the possible fluctuation of the demand 
for our services and a possible decrease in the revenues generated by commissions and interest, as well as 
leaving us with more or less liquidity than planned. See also “Our Factoring and Lending business is 
dependent on inefficiencies and payment delays in the public administration and healthcare systems in 
the relevant countries” and “Governments may implement efficiency measures that could significantly 
reduce the “days sales outstanding” (“DSO”) and demand for our services”.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
In particular, should the public administrations, in relation to which the Group operates, adopt and 
effectively implement more efficient management policies of their commercial debts and reduce payment 
delays, the Group’s absolute and relative margins could be negatively impacted due to the potential 
decrease in the demand for factoring and lending and, for factoring products, for a reduction in the 
discount on the nominal value of the receivables applied at the moment of the receivable purchasing and a 
smaller loan book for a given set of purchases. 
We carefully monitor the payment patterns of debtors through our database, which tracks payment 
patterns and average DSO for each debtor in order to estimate the average timing for collection. However, 
we cannot rule out the possibility that our estimates may be incorrect. For example, we may not have 
sufficient information to make a correct pricing determination in respect of public administration debtors 
not belonging to the national health system. In addition, following the implementation of certain 
legislative measures aimed at the reorganisation of the public administration, we may have to interact 
with new debtors not registered in our database, which could give rise to difficulties in estimating the 
DSO and the pricing. 
Increased inefficiencies in the national health system and public sector in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Poland, 
Czech Republic, Slovakia, Greece, Croatia and France, and in particular any inefficiencies in resource 
allocation, could lead to increased DSO and possible payment delays and (excluding any possible 
financial advantages resulting from late payment interest), as a result, our estimates of timing for 
collection and future liquidity could be incorrect and management costs could increase. Finally, we 
cannot rule out the possibility of a default or partial failure to pay the loans or receivables owed to the 
Group by the debtors (both public and private), due to either the commencement of insolvency procedures 
or the increase in the number and costs of existing litigation. Either of these circumstances could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, the potential stagnation of the market which may occur in the future (along with the 
persisting context of challenging completion), if not accompanied by an increase in the distribution of the 
factoring product in the relevant market, may expose us to the risk of not maintaining our growth rate and 
profitability level compared to those registered in the past. 
The BFF Polska Group’s market of reference is the “alternative financing market” for healthcare 
operators and public sectors, where the Group has been one of the first movers, operating in this market 
for approximately twenty years. The future development of this market shall depend on the business’s 
ability to increasingly meet healthcare entities’ and municipalities’ needs for liquidity and financial 
resources, taking into account the competition relating to a range of businesses of a different nature (e.g. 
entities owned by universal banks), in particular with reference to countries like Poland, the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia. 
These execution risks concerning the reference markets, along with the uncertainty relating to the 
government intervention in terms of public spending in general and specifically regarding healthcare 
entities, may expose us to the risk of not meeting our expected growth and profitability rates, which could 
in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Calculation methods used to estimate the recoverability of the late payment interest and debt collection 
indemnity may impact our ability to accurately predict our cash flows 
Late payment interest 
We calculate late payment interest on receivables that we have purchased in accordance with applicable 
law in Italy (Legislative Decree No. 231/2002, the implementation of Directive 2000/35/EU on 
combating late payment in commercial transactions) and similar laws in other countries. 
EU IFRS (IAS 18) permits the inclusion of interest in a company’s income statement only if it is likely to 
generate positive cash flows for a company and such projected cash flows can be estimated reliably. 
In 2014, we adopted evaluation tools that allow us to use our data historically collected since 2010 and 
calculate reliable estimates of the amount of late payment interest that will be collected and the timing for 
collection. Starting in that year, we have estimated, on the basis of our historical data on collected 
amounts and timing for collection, the percentage of the amount of late payment interest that will be 
collected to be equal to 40% (subsequently raised to 45%, then to 50% and currently set at 65%) of its

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
accrued value at the date of collection, which was normally estimated to fall within 1,800 days from the 
maturity date. Following a first increase to 45%, starting from 2022 our management, on the basis of our 
historical data on collected amounts and timing for collection, and in relation to the portfolio of 
receivables managed by the Issuer and BFF Finance Iberia only, has resolved to increase the estimation of 
the percentage of the amount of late payment interest that will be collected up to 50% and to set its 
accrued value at the date of collection at 2,100 days, in order to reflect medium/long term trend of timing 
for collection. Starting from 30 June 2024, the Issuer resolved to increase the estimation of the percentage 
of the amount of late payment interest that will be collected up to 65%, which remains lower than the 
2015-2023 historic weighted average collection rate of 77.5%. The Issuer believes that the change in the 
accrual rate allows a more accurate representation of the Bank’s underlying profitability, as well as a 
better alignment between recognition of revenues and costs. 
As the method adopted in order to evaluate late payment interest is based on estimates, there is a risk that 
the percentages of future income from late payment interest actually received by us will not match with 
those estimated by us. 
Moreover, on 9 November 2016 the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS issued a document establishing 
the methodology to be used in order to estimate late payment interest. Although we consider our 
methodology to be fully in line with these regulations, we cannot exclude that the competent supervisory 
authorities may disagree in the future concerning our estimation process. In this respect, the Bank of Italy 
has carried out an inspection at the beginning of 2021 which included the review of our methodologies for 
calculating the late payment interests (“LPI”). The results of the verifications carried out by the Bank of 
Italy have been summarized in the relevant inspection report received by the Issuer on 4 November 2021. 
Within the timeframe required by the authority, the Issuer has provided the Bank of Italy with its 
considerations regarding the inspection report, and the measures it has already taken and will take in 
connection thereto. 
A misalignment between our estimates and our actual results could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Debt collection indemnity 
Starting from the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Issuer decided to change 
the accounting estimates applicable to the right to receive the lump-sum indemnity for debt collection. In 
particular, in accordance with Directive 2011/7/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
combating late payment in commercial transactions (the “Directive 2011/7”), established a €40 minimum 
amount by way of indemnity for debt collection costs (the “Debt Collection Indemnity”). Such Debt 
Collection Indemnity may be increased in light of the fact that Directive 2011/7 states that the reasonable 
costs incurred to that end may also be charged. On this basis, from 2018 the Issuer started to request the 
€40 Debt Collection Indemnity from debtors for each expired invoice, as a lump-sum reimbursement for 
debt collection expenses incurred, pursuant to Directive 2011/7.  
BFF’s interpretation has been confirmed by Court of Justice of the European Union’s ruling on 20 
October 2022, which constitutes the binding interpretation for the national rulings of all Member States as 
well, and confirmed the right to recover at least €40 for each past-due invoice with respect to the Public 
Administration, irrespective of the amount and of whether a certain amount of invoices are part of a 
single payment agreement. 
Until 2021, loans and receivables recognised in its financial statements against the right to collect the 
amount of the Debt Collection Indemnity were adjusted in full, within the same statement of financial 
position asset item “Financial Assets at amortized cost - loans and receivables with customers”. The 
revenue was recognised in the income statement, in the item “Other operating income”, when the Debt 
Collection Indemnity was actually received, whereby, the adjustment was derecognised and the amounts 
received were reflected in the income statement. The amount collected and recognised in the income 
statement contributed to the determination of the taxable income on which current taxes for the year were 
calculated. On the basis of the accounting model applied until 2021, no deferred taxation was recognised 
in the Issuer’s financial statements. 
To date, on the basis of the analysis tools already in use, which made it possible to define a Debt 
Collection Indemnity’s collection time series, the Issuer is capable of estimating the amount received in 
relation to such Debt Collection Indemnity. In particular, such estimate applies to the BFF Bank scope, or

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
Italy, the countries in which it operates under the freedom of services regime and the branches in Portugal 
and Greece.  
Consistently with the approach taken in respect of late payment interest and compound interest, the right 
to receive the Debt Collection Indemnity has also been factored in settlement agreements with debtors 
since 2018 to ensure that such Debt Collection Indemnity can be recovered. Agreements with debtors 
consider the entire amount due, as a single amount on which to base the settlement and on which to apply 
the late payment interest discount percentages. As confirmation of this, the result of the analyses carried 
out on the time series of late payment interest was also confirmed for the Debt Collection Indemnity, or 
that the receipts recorded came to an average percentage significantly higher than 50% of the original 
right. 
As a result, starting from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022, the Issuer has decided to account for the Debt Collection Indemnity on 
an accrual basis, based on the collection percentage identified by the time series and the analyses 
performed in line with those already applied to the late payment interest calculation model, to be 
recognised in item 40 “Financial Assets at amortized cost - loans and receivables with customers” of the 
Issuer’s financial statements. Starting from 30 June 2024, the Issuer resolved to increase the estimation of 
the percentage of the amount of Debt Collection Indemnity that will be collected up to 65%, which 
remains lower than the 2015-2023 historic weighted average collection rate of 77.5%. The Issuer believes 
that the change in the accrual rate allows a more accurate representation of the Bank’s underlying 
profitability. For additional information, see “ – Late payment interest” above. 
As a result, in accordance with the accrual principle, the Debt Collection Indemnity will be considered 
accrued based on the number of past-due invoices in the reference period multiplied by €40 and 
subsequently multiplied by an estimated realization percentage of 65% and will not follow measurement 
at amortised cost to which, instead, late payment interest is subject.  
With respect to the tax treatment, the accrual of revenue deriving from the right to collect the Debt 
Collection Indemnity directly forms part of taxable profit pursuant to Italian tax rules. This approach 
differs from the tax treatment of late payment interest, which contributes to the taxable income in the year 
in which it is received or paid. As a result, the Debt Collection Indemnity does not result in deferred 
taxation recognised in financial statements. 
As the method adopted in order to evaluate Debt Collection Indemnity is based on estimates, there is a 
risk that the percentages of future income from Debt Collection Indemnity actually received by us will 
not match with those estimated by us, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
We are involved in disputes, investigations and legal proceedings which could have a material adverse 
effect on us or on our recovery capability 
In the ordinary course of our business, we are exposed to the risk of being subject to legal, civil, 
administrative and tax proceedings or actions by the competent authorities, including the Italian Finance 
Police (Guardia di Finanza) and Tax Authority. Although we believe that we have set aside sufficient 
reserves to cover ongoing proceedings, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome of such proceedings, 
which may be unfavourable for us, or whether new unexpected proceedings may arise, both of which 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As of 
30 June 2024, our fund for risks and charges in relation to legal matters amounted to €31.2 million, which 
is included in item “Other provisions for risks and charges –others” in Section 10 of the Liabilities of the 
2024 Condensed Half-Yearly Consolidated Financial Statements. As of 31 December 2023, we set aside a 
fund for risks and charges in relation to legal matters for €28.3 million. See “Description of the Issuer and 
the Group — Legal Proceedings and Investigations”. 
Risks related to our funding structure. The trend or the possible shocks on the stability of deposits 
deriving from the activity carried out by Securities Services and Payment Services could lead to 
situations of excess or shortfall of liquidity 
Following the DEPObank’s Acquisition (as defined in “Description of the Issuer and the Group”), our 
operations (including the activities of the Factoring and Lending segment) rely heavily on our access to 
funding through our Securities Services and Payment Services operations. As of 30 June 2024, our Group

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
had outstanding liabilities of €12.2 billion, of which €8.1 billion related to deposits by customers (of 
which €5.5 billion consists of balances on operational accounts relating to payment services and securities 
services operations), €2.2 billion related to deposits by banks (which are primarily deriving from payment 
services and securities services operations) and bonds of €302 million. 
Indeed, even if the operational deposits related to Securities Services and Payment Services are essential 
for the services provided to the customers and a certain level of funding could be considered as structural 
and stable, the level of funding of our operational deposits is connected to the services and operations vis-
à-vis clients of our Securities Services and Payment Services businesses, so it fluctuates on a daily basis 
and it is not under our direct and full control. 
The level of funding from Securities Services and Payment Services may also be modified in a more 
structural and permanent way, either by factors related to asset managers strategy influenced by 
macroeconomics events (e.g. the variation and/or the level of interest rates applicable to the liquidity held 
by funds) or by factors related to the business (e.g. acquisition or loss of a major customer - such as the 
loss of Arca Fondi SGR S.p.A., which occurred in 2022 -, and/or a merger between important customers). 
Additionally, any downgrade of the Issuer’s credit rating may have an effect of the decisions of the 
Securities Services’ and Payment Services’ customers to withdraw their deposit, in full or in part, or limit 
any additional deposit with the Issuer. See also “Risks related to any downgrading of the Issuer’s credit 
ratings” below. 
Furthermore, the Payment Services execute the settlement of a large amount of transaction for our 
activities and our customers’ which are mainly matched operations with a large gross amount and a 
limited net amount. If the settlement of one of these operations fails, we could experience a sudden and 
significant intraday shortfall with consequently expenses connected to the need to recover the funding 
shortfall as well as to bear penalties generated by wrong and/or late settlements, which may cause also a 
damage in term of business reputation. In order to limit the liquidity risk and enable settlement 
procedures, the Issuer has to maintain an intraday liquidity reserve (not available for other needs) 
composed of high quality liquid assets, used as an emergency buffer. In particular operational and / or 
market circumstances, if this availability of liquidity ceases, the Group could be exposed to a lack of 
liquidity. 
The amount of funding we obtain through our Securities Services and Payment Services is not linked to 
the funding needs of our Factoring and Lending operations, and we may be unable to manage promptly 
and effectively such funding to be tailored to our needs. For example, a significant and structural decrease 
of funding could in fact lead to a lack of liquidity to fulfil the liquidity needs of Factoring and Lending, 
and consequently, to incur in additional costs in order to find the missing funding and, in the most critical 
scenario, to face a possible cash crunch. On the other side, excess funding may result in additional costs 
and reduced profits for the Group and could, in turn, negatively affect our leverage ratio. 
The occurrence of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Our outstanding level of debt has important consequences for us including the following: (i) a continued 
requirement for us to satisfy our debts and the contractual obligations; (ii) exposure to the risk of 
increased interest rates as since a consistent percentage of our loans have variable rates of interest; and 
(iii) a limitation on our ability to obtain additional stable funding at a favourable cost of borrowing, or if 
at all, to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions or other general 
corporate requirements. 
Our ability to repay outstanding amounts is linked to the timing for collection of the non-recourse 
receivables purchased as well as to our ability to raise sufficient liquidity to make payments to our lenders 
and noteholders, respectively, as they become due. In addition, if we need to refinance our debt, we may 
be required to accept less favourable contractual conditions and interest rates as compared to our existing 
financing, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Despite our current level of funding being enough to fulfil our financial needs, we cannot exclude 
incurring additional indebtedness in the future, in order to finance, inter alia, our operations or capital 
needs, which would intensify our leverage risks.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
Risks related to any downgrading of the Issuer’s credit ratings 
Our creditworthiness is measured, inter alia, through the ratings assigned by one or more international 
credit rating agencies. The rating is an assessment of our ability to fulfil our financial obligations, 
including those relating to the Notes. For additional information on the Issuer’s credit ratings, see 
“Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data – Ratings”. 
A downgrade of any of our ratings (for whatever reason, including also a downgrade of the sovereign 
rating which impacts also on the assignment of our rating) could be an indicator of a reduced ability to 
fulfil our financial commitments compared to the past and might result in higher funding and refinancing 
costs for us in the capital markets as well as in the capacity to attract and maintain liquidity/funding. In 
this respect, on 22 May 2024, Moody’s placed on review for downgrade all the ratings and assessments of 
BFF, following the adoption of the Bank of Italy’s supervisory actions on the Issuer in April 2024. As a 
result of such review, Moody’s may decide to downgrade the Issuer’s ratings. See also “ – Risks related 
to the Bank of Italy’s Inspection” and “Description of the Issuer and the Group – Legal Proceedings and 
Investigations”. 
A downgrade of the Long-term bank deposit rating could also be a consequence of liability management 
transactions. In this regard, it should be noted that on 18 November 2022 Moody’s France SAS modified 
the “Long-term bank deposit rating” of the Issuer from Baa2 to Baa3. Such downgrade has been adopted 
also and mostly as a consequence of the recent changes to the Issuer’s liability structure due to the 
redemption of subordinated and senior bonds, the significant balance sheet expansion and decrease in 
customer deposits.  
A downgrade of any of our credit ratings may have a particularly adverse effect on our reputation as a 
participant in the capital markets, as well as affect the level of deposits held by clients with our 
Transaction Services operations. These factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of 
operations and financial condition. Indeed, our downgrade could determinate an increase of the risk 
absorption for the banking funding providers using internal models or counterparty rating in their credit 
risk measurement, consequently increasing our funding costs. 
Risks in connection with technological developments and changes in the payments services industry 
The payment services business is subject to ongoing technological developments that lead to higher 
industry standards and rapidly changing customer needs and preferences. The Group strives to maintain 
strong technological capabilities to remain at the forefront of its industry. The process of developing, 
acquiring or accessing new, high-technology products and services and improving existing products and 
services is complex, costly and uncertain. Any failure to anticipate in a timely manner the changing needs 
of customers and the emerging technological trends could significantly damage our market share and our 
economic results. 
The payments market is reshaping itself over the long-term and developing digital innovation as a core 
feature is crucial for the Group’s future success. We must anticipate and respond to these industry and 
customer changes, including by taking advantage of the growth in e-commerce and mobile wallet 
innovations, in order to remain competitive. We may be required to make investments to develop new 
technologies before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer preferences, or if 
we are not able to develop the necessary technologies internally, we may have to incur expenses in an 
attempt to obtain a license or acquire technologies from third parties. 
Delays in product development may also require further investments in research and development. If 
there is an increase in costs associated with the development of new products and the improvement of 
products for which we are not achieving sufficient revenue, the development costs of new products may 
not be recoverable. 
An increase in costs or a decrease in revenue from new products, or both, could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain innovation or the 
introduction of new or updated technologies that respond to changes in our markets or regulatory 
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our competitiveness and could cause us to lose 
market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results 
of operations.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
We may not be able to predict future changes in interest rates accurately 
Interest from our non-recourse factoring business and in general from the Group’s financing activity, 
depends on our ability to correctly identify and assess the fixed commission earned to customers for the 
purchase of receivables based on expected payment time, taking into account our expected funding cost 
over that period. A fluctuation in interest rates may cause our costs estimates (which are priced in a fixed 
commission at the time of purchase of the receivable) to no longer be sufficient to cover the funding costs 
of our non-recourse factoring business or reduce our expected margins. We have developed procedures to 
allow us to make assessments concerning the purchase of receivables. However, no assurance can be 
given that such assessments will accurately reflect the potential variation of interest rates in the future, 
although, on the other hand, default interests are indexed to the ECB refinancing rate and an increase in 
the ECB rate will therefore increase the rate payable on late payment of interest. 
From a macroeconomic point of view, until 2022, the interest rate levels have been particularly low due to 
the expansionary monetary policies of the ECB and the Federal Reserve in order to foster the economy. 
These circumstances together with the high liquidity of the market contributed to a strong reduction of 
EURIBOR (as defined below) rates. However, starting in 2022 interest rate levels increased sharply, 
while peaking at the beginning of 2024. The refinancing rate determined by the ECB has an impact on the 
Issuer’s activity, either with regard to funding and the raising of financial resources, or with regard to the 
pricing of the purchased receivables. An overall increase of the interest rates may negatively affect the 
Group’s profitability considering that the majority of our deposits are remunerated at floating rates while 
a portion of the financial asset of the Group, including government bonds, are at fixed rate. See “Risks 
related to the impact of global macro-economic factors”. 
The BFF Polska Group’s assets have a diversified duration and pay interest based on fixed and floating 
rates. The main funding sources of the BFF Polska Group consist of funding from the Issuer based on 
floating rates. Therefore, with regard to the Polish business managed by Polska Group there is a risk of a 
mismatch due to movement in interest rates differentials between euro and Polish zloty base interest rates. 
As part of the policies of our Group, also the BFF Polska Group manages the risk through monitoring the 
structure of the financial assets and financial liabilities portfolio. 
In addition, as is the case in other countries, Polish statutory interest rates are set by applicable regulations 
and, therefore, a portion of BFF Polska Group PLN interest income depends on factors beyond its control. 
Although we manage our exposure through hedging transactions, we may nonetheless incur significant 
losses as such hedging transactions (both using natural hedging and forex swap derivatives) may not 
adequately protect our operating results from the potential adverse effects of unpredictable rate 
fluctuations, taking also into account the volatility of Interbank deposit’s interest rate market. 
We are subject to risks connected with exchange rates 
Our operations encompass transactions carried out in foreign currencies, which exposes us to risks 
connected with exchange rates. In particular, the exchange rate risks we are exposed to include (i) the 
“operating” foreign exchange risk exposure relates to net earnings generated by activities conducted in 
currencies other than Euro, which is mainly represented by the Polish zloty; and (ii) the “structural” 
foreign exchange risk which relates to investments and in particular funding and deposits in currencies 
other than the Euro, which characterises our Securities Services and Payment Services businesses. 
As a result, the effects of exchange rate trends could have a significant influence on the assets and the 
operations, balance sheet and/or income statement of the Group. This exposes us to the risks connected 
with converting foreign currencies and carrying out transactions in foreign currencies. Although we 
manage our exposure to exchange rate risks through hedging transactions, we may nonetheless incur 
significant losses as such hedging transactions (both using natural hedging and forex swap derivatives) 
may not adequately protect our operating results from the potential adverse effects of exchange rate 
fluctuations. 
(D) 
Operational Risks 
Our business is exposed to a variety of operational risks, including fraud, errors, security breaches or 
other adverse events, some that are wholly or partially out of our control

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
We are exposed to operational risk, which is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, people and systems or from external events, and includes legal risk. In details, the 
operational risk is the risk of suffering losses due to errors, violations, interruptions, damages caused by 
internal processes, personnel, strikes, systems or caused by external, unforeseen events, entirely or partly 
out of our control (including, for example, fraud, deception or losses resulting from the disloyalty of 
employees and/or from the violation of control procedures, IT virus / cyber-attacks or the malfunction of 
electronic and/or communication services, possible terrorist attacks). 
According to the Bank of Italy’s Circular of 17 December 2013, No. 285, operational risk includes - 
among others - model risk, anti-money laundering and AML risks, but excludes IT risks (see “IT Risks”). 
Our activities require the capacity to carry out a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, in 
compliance with the various different regulations applicable. 
We have a framework for managing operational risks, comprising a collection of policies and procedures 
for controlling, measuring and mitigating Group operational risks. These measures could prove to be 
inadequate to deal with all the types of risk that could occur and one or more of these risks could occur in 
the future. 
In conducting our business we are exposed to different types of operational risk, such as the risk of losses 
resulting from, among others: (i) internal or external fraud; (ii) customer claims and disputes; (iii) 
unauthorised activity or transactions in capital markets; (iv) penalties for breaches of any applicable laws; 
(v) errors, omissions and delays in providing our services; (vi) inadequacy or incorrect functioning of 
internal procedures, including, in particular, failure to follow procedures for the identification, monitoring 
and management of business risk; (vii) shortcomings in the preparation and/or preservation of the 
documents relating to our transactions; (viii) human errors or lack of resources; and (ix) damage to 
property caused by weather, other conditions or natural disasters. Our procedures may prove to be 
inadequate to cover all types of risks that could arise. There can be no assurance that we will not suffer 
losses from operational risk in the future. The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The proper functioning of financial controls, accounting or other data collection and processing systems is 
critical to our business and to our ability to compete effectively and is necessary for us to avoid the risk of 
theft, fraud or deception carried out by clients, third-party agents, employees and managers. 
In the Factoring and Lending business, where collection activities are concentrated, legal actions against 
debtors may arise. In this context, procedural shortcomings, lack of supporting documentation and errors 
in the execution of the process can lead to operational losses due to possible negative judgements (so-
called credit boundary). 
The Payment Services and Securities Services, in respect of the management of payments, in particular, 
are exposed to the fraud risk on the Sepa Credit Transfer system, mitigated by technical and 
organizational measures which allow to intercept attempts at fraud carried out by malicious persons. 
Furthermore, there are risks of losses due to refunds, penalties or fines, following malfunctions or delays 
in the IT procedures provided by Nexi. At the same time, the risk events are mitigated by service level 
agreements with Nexi, which define the minimum performance levels that the IT infrastructure provided 
to us by Nexi must meet. 
The operational risks of the Securities Service mainly consist of human errors or IT malfunctions, as a 
result of which losses can be generated due to damage claims from clients, interest refunds (for example 
in case of late settlements), refunds to customers (for example in case of errors in the calculation of the 
net asset value for our clients). The risk events are mitigated by appropriate technical and organisational 
measures. 
As regards the risk of external fraud, the attention must in any case remain high, as there are situations in 
which BFF must accept payments managed in a non-automatic way. In these cases, strict manual checks 
are required with regard to formal correctness and consistency with the data received, as well as, for 
higher amounts, a callback is executed to a predetermined contact person who can confirm the validity of 
the order. However, it is possible that artfully falsified payment orders could escape these controls, 
especially in situations of work overload or significant organisational changes.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
Although we maintain a system of controls designed to keep operational risk at appropriate levels and we 
have taken out insurance to protect us against potential losses in this area, we have suffered losses from 
operational risk and there can be no assurance that we will not suffer losses from operational risk in the 
future. 
We have adopted the measures required under Legislative Decree of 8 June 2001, No. 231 (“Decree 
231”) and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, we are not party to any proceeding commenced under 
Decree 231, which applies also to our foreign branches. However, we cannot exclude the possibility of 
such an event in the future. We must also comply with the money laundering legislation set forth by 
Legislative Decree of 21 November 2007, No. 231. Furthermore, the Board of Directors of BFF Finance 
Iberia approved the “Organizational, Management and Control Model pursuant to art 31-bis of the 
Criminal Code” (the “Model”) in order to comply with Article 31-bis of the Spanish Criminal Code. In 
addition, BFF Polska has adopted specific guidelines on anti-corruption, applicable to it and to its main 
subsidiaries, and appointed its Compliance Chief Officer as the monocratic body in charge of overseeing 
compliance with anti-corruption provisions. 
We cannot exclude that, in carrying out our business, we may breach such legislation. For example, by 
not properly carrying out background checks on customers, we may breach the requirements of Decree 
231. 
We are also exposed to risks connected with the electronic invoicing obligation for receivables from the 
public administration. 
Retail banking activities present an increased risk of money laundering and fraud compared to our 
Factoring and Lending operations. 
Should we breach any of the requirements we are subject to or experience a major issue with any 
operational risk, this could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Moreover, in the context of its operations, the Group outsources the execution of certain services to third 
companies, regarding, inter alia, the activities related to the Transaction Services department banking and 
financial activities, and supervises outsourced activities according to policies and regulations adopted by 
the Group. The failure by the outsourcers to comply with the minimum level of service as determined in 
the relevant agreements might cause adverse effects for the operation of the Group. 
In the same way, despite the internal regulations and the processes adopted to deal with this risk, the 
Group could be exposed to the risk of failure or inadequate monitoring of service level agreements, so 
that potentially there could be a loss associated with incorrect monitoring of the outsourced activities. 
We collect, store and process sensitive personal data of our customers and any failure to properly treat 
data may lead to reputational damage or legal liability 
The measures and procedures adopted by us and/or the Group companies for the storage and processing 
of personal data relating to our customers may prove to be inadequate and/or not in compliance with 
regulatory and legal provisions, and/or not to be implemented properly by Group employees and 
associates. 
In carrying out our activities we collect, store and process the personal data of our customers, in particular 
our retail deposit customers, in conformity with Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003 (Personal 
data protection code), the “GDPR” Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 and the rules and regulations in force 
at any given time. To comply with such provisions we have adopted policies and enacted procedures, 
such as a privacy policy to inform our counterparties of the personal information we collect, the purposes 
for which data are processed and the rights to the protection of personal data. We have also adapted our 
internal procedures and adopted technical arrangements in order to conform to the requirements of the 
applicable regulations in the markets in which we operate regarding access to and the processing of 
banking data. 
However, despite the above, we remain potentially exposed to the risk that the data could be subject to 
damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other than those authorised by the customers, or 
even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of companies of the Group). The 
possible destruction, damage or loss of customer data, unauthorised processing or disclosure, could have a

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
negative impact on our operations and our reputation and could lead to the relevant national authorities 
imposing fines on us. See also “― Any malfunction or defect in our information and technology (“IT”) 
systems could materially impact our ability to operate our business”. 
Any eventual changes in such legislation governing the protection, collection and processing of personal 
data and any amendments thereto, including on an EU level, could force us to bear the costs of adapting 
to the new legislation. 
If any of these circumstances occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our 
reputation, and an application of administrative and criminal penalties by any regulatory authority, to one 
or more companies of the Group or their representatives, which could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
Our risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave us exposed to execution risks, 
unidentified or unanticipated risks 
If the policies and procedures we use to identify, monitor and manage risk turn out to be inadequate or not 
properly implemented, or our assessments and assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, thus exposing us to 
unforeseen and unquantified risks, we may incur significant losses reflected in our income statement or 
deterioration of the Group capital and / or liquidity. 
These events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, capital soundness 
and financial condition. 
Furthermore, even if our internal procedures for the identification and management of risk are considered 
adequate, the occurrence of certain events that cannot be predicted or quantified (in light of the 
uncertainty and volatility that currently characterises global markets) may increase such risks, which 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
This risk includes, for example, the risks of non-compliance with new regulations or of ineffective 
implementation of processes to face the new regulatory provisions, deriving from an incorrect analysis of 
the reference regulatory provisions. See “Risks related to capital adequacy and the impact of banking and 
taxation regulation” for more details. 
Furthermore, the Group is naturally exposed to the model risk, generally defined as the risk of losses or 
negative impacts resulting from using insufficiently accurate models and processes to make decisions. 
We may not be able to attract and retain key personnel 
The results and the future success of our business depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate 
highly skilled individuals within our management team who have expertise in the business sector in 
which we operate. 
As of 30 June 2024, we had 849 employees (and equivalent personnel). Any failure to retain our key 
employees could negatively affect our business or result in the slowing down of some activities. In case 
of a loss of one or more key employees, we could experience difficulties in running key processes with 
the same speed or quality. In this respect, since 2021, 4% of our top managers have left the Group, mainly 
as a result of their decision to retire; however, we have in place succession and continuity plans that are 
intended to mitigate potential adverse consequences arising from the loss of key personnel. In addition, if 
we fail to attract new highly skilled employees, we could miss out on the skills useful to structure new 
strategies, which in turn could lead to a loss of competitiveness on the market. 
Although our human resources department is committed to putting in place appropriate remuneration 
policies to attract and retain skilled employees and staff, due to fast pace of work and competition in the 
marketplace we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel. 
IT Risks 
The IT risk is the risk of loss due to breaches of confidentiality, lack of integrity of systems and data, 
inadequacy or unavailability of systems and data, or inability to change information technology (IT) 
within a reasonable time and at reasonable cost as the environment or business requirements change.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
Any malfunction or defect in our information and technology (“IT”) systems could materially impact our 
ability to operate our business 
Our business relies on the proper and uninterrupted functioning of our IT and data processing systems. 
The Issuer has made significant investments to ensure the continuity of its systems, following exceptional 
events (e.g. external attacks on our system). Any serious failure (i) IT services provided by outsourcers, 
(ii) of the factoring system, (iii) of the platform for the collection of deposits, or of our disaster recovery 
plan or any external IT attacks could interrupt our business or materially affect our activities. 
For example: 
 
the unavailability or the failure of the IT systems offered by the outsourcers could generate 
interruptions or errors in the depositary bank activities or in the services that the Issuer offers in 
the field of payments and/or custody; or 
 
if our factoring systems ceased to work properly, we would no longer have access to, or be able 
to manage, essential data that allows us to carry out our Non-Recourse Factoring business. This 
could result in mistakes in the calculation of late payment interest and the issue of invoices for 
incorrect amounts, or the incorrect classification of exposures as “past due”. In addition, we 
would no longer be able to efficiently manage and optimize our cash flows, which in turn would 
have a negative effect on our liquidity and capital. 
Any failure of our IT system could result in a loss of our database (including data on where the 
receivables need to be collected, and whether the receivables have already been collected). 
In general, risks related to technology and cyber-security change rapidly and require continued innovation 
and investment. Given the rapidly increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attacks, it is 
possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches in our security. Any of these disruptions, the 
inability to adequately manage cyber-security risk, or the loss of confidential or proprietary information 
could give rise to losses in service to our customers and to loss or liability to our Group. In particular, 
breach of computer security could damage our reputation, increase our operating expenses for correcting 
breaches or malfunctions, expose us to liability not covered by insurance, increase the risk of intervention 
by the supervisory authorities, expose us to legal action, lead to substantial sanctions and fines being 
imposed on us under international, Italian or European Union laws or regulations, or other applicable 
international laws or regulations. See also “― We collect, store and process sensitive personal data of 
our customers and any failure to properly treat data may lead to reputational damage or legal liability”. 
Any serious or repeated system failure that results in the loss of information on payment patterns and 
timing contained in our database or in such information becoming inaccurate or unreliable could 
compromise our ability to manage assets and liabilities items, and may require material investments to 
address the system failure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
We are dependent on third-party suppliers and service providers 
We have outsourced certain important services to third parties. In particular, we have agreements with 
such third parties in place for the outsourcing of (i) the IT infrastructure underpinning our Payment 
Services and Securities Services businesses provided by Nexi, (ii) services relating to the development, 
integration and management of an IT platform for certain back-end activities connected with banking 
operations (such as the management of the term deposit accounts “Conto Facto“, “Cuenta Facto“ and 
“Lokata Facto”, Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and Bank of Spain (Banco de España) and Bank of Poland 
(KNF – Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego) notices and a database containing customer and debtor 
information), (iii) certain services relating to the opening of term deposit accounts and customer 
background checks. 
Additionally, a substantial part of our Payment Business activities is carried out in connection with 
transactions generated by Nexi or its clients, which use our services on the basis of an agreement with 
Nexi which is set to expire in 2026. Although we have a long-standing relationship with Nexi, and we 
believe that our services constitute a key layer in the payments services provided by Nexi, we are exposed 
to the risk that Nexi ceases to use our services in order to process payments, either at the expiration of our 
agreement in 2026 or earlier.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
Any omission, error, delay or interruption by our suppliers in the provision of their services, could impair 
their ability to fulfil their contractual obligations. In addition, service level continuity could be disrupted 
by the occurrence of events having a negative impact on suppliers, such as a filing for bankruptcy or the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings against them. 
Despite our policies aimed at safeguard our systems, there can be no assurance of the continued 
performance, accuracy, compliance and security of any of our third party providers. 
In the case of an industry wide cyclical upturn or in the case of high demand for a particular product, our 
suppliers of software, hardware and other services may receive customer orders beyond the capacity of 
their operations, which could result in late delivery to us, should these suppliers elect to fulfil the 
obligations of other customers first. We may also not be able to obtain contractual damages to which we 
may be entitled (if any) in the event our suppliers fail to comply with their obligations in a timely manner. 
In addition, our third party providers may increase their prices or alter their terms to our detriment. 
Moreover, there are a limited number of adequate third party suppliers available, both in Payment 
Services and Securities Services businesses, and if our contractual arrangements with any third party 
providers are terminated or no longer offered on reasonable terms, we may not be able to find an 
alternative supplier on a timely basis, on equivalent terms or without significant expense or at all. Our 
ability to renew our existing contracts with suppliers of products or services, or enter into new contractual 
relationships, with these or other suppliers, upon the expiration of such contracts, either on commercially 
attractive terms, or at all, depends on a range of commercial and operational factors and events, which 
may be beyond our control. In some cases, our third party service providers may compete with us. For 
example, our IT outsourcer Nexi Payments may compete with us in some value-added services in the 
Payment Services area. 
Disruptions in our IT services could also affect our reputation, in particular if the software used by 
customers is affected. 
(E) 
Risks related to capital adequacy and the impact of banking and taxation regulation 
Risks related to regulatory changes in the banking and financial sectors and to the changes of the 
other laws applicable to the Group 
The Group, as with all banking groups, is subject to extensive regulations and to the supervision (being 
for regulatory, information or inspection purposes, as the case may be) by the Bank of Italy and 
CONSOB. 
In particular, the Group is subject to the laws and regulations applicable to companies with financial 
instruments listed on regulated markets and the rules governing banking services (aimed to maintain the 
stability and the solidity of the banks as well as to limit their risk exposure). Supervisory authorities have 
broad administrative powers over many aspects of the financial services business, including liquidity, 
capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, transparency, 
record keeping, and marketing and selling practices. 
In particular, the Group is subject to an extensive set of rules governing capital adequacy, liquidity levels 
and leverage, which derive from the requirements approved by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision following the 2008 financial crisis, as implemented in EU and Italian legislation. In this 
respect, On 8 August 2022, the Bank of Italy notified BFF of its final decision on the minimum capital 
ratios to be complied with by the Group on an ongoing basis, based on the outcome of the annual SREP. 
The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes 
and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their 
risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. Based on the outcome of the 
annual SREP process, the Group (with reference to the consolidation perimeter for the purposes of the 
CRR) must comply with the following minimum capital ratios (Overall Capital Requirements - OCR), in 
addition to the Countercyclical Capital Buffer (“CCyB”) and Systemic Risk Buffer (“SyRB”) 
requirements, each of which including the capital conservation buffer component: (i) 9% in relation to the 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; (ii) 10.50% in relation to the Tier 1 Ratio; and (iii) 12.50% in relation to the 
Total Capital Ratio.  
However, there can be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the Group 
from time to time may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there can be no

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
assurance as to the result of any future SREP, as well as the Capital Guidance carried out by the Bank of 
Italy and whether this will impose any further own funds requirements on the Issuer or the Group. For 
additional information on the capital requirements applicable to the Group, see “Selected Consolidated 
Financial Data” and “Regulatory”. 
In addition to the capital requirements discussed above, Directive 2014/59/EU, providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or “BRRD”) introduced requirements 
for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities (the “MREL”). Under the BRRD, where an entity fails to meet its combined buffer 
requirement when considered in addition to its minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, resolution authorities have the power to prohibit certain distributions in accordance with the 
restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to the Maximum Distributable Amount. The Relevant 
Authority may furthermore exercise its supervisory powers under Article 104 of the CRD IV in case of 
breach of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. As a result, the powers set out 
in the BRRD and the application of the MREL requirement will impact the management of credit 
institutions and investment firms as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors, including 
holders of Notes. In this respect, on 16 July 2021, Bank of Italy notified BFF regarding the future 
implementation of a resolution plan to the Group and the possible application of a minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities. In particular, considering the assessment of the criticality of the 
function connected to the payments system, resolution is prudently envisaged by the Bank of Italy as a 
strategy for managing the possible crisis of the Issuer. On 25 September 2024, the Bank of Italy notified 
the Issuer its decision on MREL requirement to be respected by the Issuer on a consolidated basis from 1 
January 2025. In particular, in its communication the Bank of Italy set for the Issuer a Total Risk 
Exposure Amount (TREA) equal to 20.00% (to be increased by the CBR Combined Buffer Requirement 
applicable from time to time) and a Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE) equal to 5.40%. No subordination 
requirement has been assigned to BFF to comply with the requirements and the calculation of other 
eligible liabilities. 
The strengthening of capital adequacy requirements, the restrictions on liquidity and the increase in ratios 
applicable to the Group on the basis of the EU Banking Reform (as defined in “Regulatory”) and other 
laws or regulations that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect the Group’s business, results 
of operations, cash flow and financial position, as well as the possibility of distributing dividends to the 
shareholders and holders of AT1 instruments. In particular, problems could arise when subordinated 
bonds which are no longer eligible for regulatory capital purposes reach maturity, as they will have to be 
replaced by alternative funding sources that comply with the new rules. This could make it harder to 
comply with the new minimum capital requirements, at least with respect to the combined buffer 
requirement (and any other relevant buffer requirement applicable to the Issuer from time to time), 
potentially limiting the Group’s ability to distribute dividends and to pay interests on the Notes as a result 
of operation of the restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to Maximum Distributable 
Amount contained in the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Moreover, supervisory authorities have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against 
the Group, which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation of the licences, cease and 
desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. Such proceedings could 
have adverse effects on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. For additional information on the main laws and regulations applicable to the banking sector, 
see “Regulatory”. 
Risks related to the Bank of Italy’s Inspection 
On 11 September 2023, the Bank of Italy started an inspection on the Issuer (the “Inspection”), which 
was completed on 12 January 2024.  
On 29 April 2024, the Issuer received from the Bank of Italy the report (the “Inspection Report”) 
containing the results of the Inspection, which sets forth the formalisation of a compliance finding on the 
classification of credit exposure vis-à-vis the public administration, regardless of the representation of any 
related credit risk, which are based on the Bank of Italy’s interpretation of the EBA guidelines on the new 
definition of default on such credit exposure – in particular concerning the application of suspension to 
the calculation of past due days for the purpose of the prudential classification of credit exposure – 
different from that adopted by BFF.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
In addition, the Inspection Report contains certain findings on the Issuer’s governance and on its 
corporate compensation practices, with particular reference to certain contractual provisions referring to 
the Chief Executive Officer. 
Concurrently with the Inspection Report, the Bank of Italy, pending its assessment of the Issuer’s 
determinations related to the inspection findings, notified the Issuer by way of a supervisory letter (the 
“Supervisory Letter”) that ordered the Issuer to temporarily refrain from approving or implementing: (i) 
the distribution of profits or other reserves; (ii) the attribution of variable remuneration to its managers; 
(iii) the further expansion of operations abroad by opening new branches or expanding into new countries 
under freedom of services. The Bank of Italy has further clarified to the Issuer that the limitation on the 
distribution of profits or other equity assets does not apply to the payment of interest under its additional 
tier 1 securities. Additionally, on 29 April 2024 the Bank of Italy informed the Issuer of the 
commencement of a proceeding potentially aimed at assessing administrative penalties against the Issuer 
and the Chief Executive Officer in connection with the Inspection.  
On 11 July 2024, the Issuer submitted its responses to the Supervisory Letter under which certain 
prescriptions were formulated, mainly affecting governance mechanisms, internal control functions, CEO 
compensation, and past due classification. As part of such responses, the Issuer, inter alia, approved a 
reclassification for prudential purposes of its past due exposures, with effect from the financial statements 
as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024. As a result of such reclassification, the Issuer registered 
additional past due exposures of €1,429 million as of 30 June 2024. The increase in past due exposures 
generated additional risk weighted assets of €1,801 million and IFRS 9 provisions of €0.7 million as of 30 
June 2024, with an unchanged risk profile. Of the additional €1,429 million increase in past due 
exposures, €746 million are generated by €183 million of Italian NHS back book exposure originated 
prior to 1 January 2021, which created €563 million contagion effect on the front book exposure towards 
the same debtors.  
In addition, in July 2024 the Issuer transmitted to the Bank of Italy (i) the responses containing the 
corrective actions taken and to be taken to resolve the compliance findings set forth in the Inspection 
Report, (ii) a separate letter setting forth its counterclaims in relation to the individual objections raised by 
the Bank of Italy in the sanction proceedings. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not received the Bank of Italy’s assessment of the 
Issuer’s responses and determinations in relation to the Supervisory Letter, the Inspection Report and the 
penalty procedure compliance findings raised as a result of the Inspection. For additional information on 
the Inspection, the Bank of Italy’s compliance findings and the actions taken by the Issuer in respect 
thereto, see “Description of the Issuer and the Group – Legal Proceedings and Investigations”. 
Therefore, the actions taken and responses provided by the Issuer to the compliance findings may not be 
deemed sufficient by the Bank of Italy, which may request additional actions or measures on the part of 
the Issuer. Moreover, the timing of any feedback by the Bank of Italy to the responses provided by the 
Issuer on 11 July 2024 is uncertain and, as a result, the limitations imposed by the Bank of Italy as to 
equity distributions, variable compensation and expansion of its licences to operate abroad will continue 
to apply until the Bank of Italy lifts such limitations. The Inspection and the related compliance findings 
have already resulted in the rating agency Moody’s placing the Group’s rating under review for 
downgrade and may determine further negative impacts on the credit rating of the Group. The Issuer has 
engaged a leading financial institution to engage with Moody’s in the rating review procedure. See “ – 
Risks related to any downgrading of the Issuer’s credit ratings”. 
Any additional request by the Bank of Italy in connection with the compliance findings following the 
Inspection, as well as the prolonged imposition of the limitations ordered by the Bank of Italy and the 
issuance of any penalty by the Bank of Italy could have adverse effects on the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks related to regulatory changes related to credit risk 
On 17 April 2019, the European Parliament and Council adopted the Regulation (EU) 2019/630 which 
amends the Regulation (EU) n. 575/2013 (“CRR”) regarding the minimum coverage of losses on non-
performing exposures (c.d. “Calendar Provisioning”). This regulation provides, for each type of default 
exposure originated after 26 April 2019, a minimum percentage of loss coverage that must be applied 
according to specific “NPE days” (days elapsed since an exposure is classified from performing to non-

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
performing) and secured or unsecured exposures. The provision related to the uncovered exposure is 
directly deduced from the CET1 of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Moreover, EBA Guidelines on the application of the definition of default (“New Dod”) under Article 178 
of the CRR (in force starting since 1 January 2020) impose stricter measures on the classification of non-
performing exposures across the EU prudential framework, with the aim of improving consistency in the 
way EU banks apply regulatory requirements to their positions. These guidelines have been implemented 
by the Bank of Italy in August 2020 and the last update dates 23 September 2022. The main regulatory 
changes introduced concern new specific applications for factoring and purchased receivables, the days 
past due criteria for default identification (e.g. start of counting the days due generally from the due date 
of the invoice, 180 days for public administrations), conditions for the return to a non-default status (c.d. 
“cure period”) and the introduction of the new materiality threshold, both absolute and relative, that must 
be exceeded. In the light of the above-described amendments and changes to the regulation, the Group 
has applied regulatory requirements, considering the context in which it operates. 
Historically, the credit policy of the Group aims at avoiding significant exposures classified in past due 
and/or to have relevant non-performing exposures that could have a significant impact on RWA, due to 
classification of the exposure to non-performing and/or in terms of deduction on CET 1 related to the 
Calendar Provisioning effect. However, as a result of the reclassification for prudential purposes, and 
consequential increase, of the Group’s past due exposures following the Bank of Italy’s compliance 
findings in April 2024 (see “Description of the Issuer and the Group – Legal Proceedings and 
Investigations”), the Group is focusing also on the efficient management of its past due exposures, in 
accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements (including the New Dod). In this respect, for the 
purposes of the Calendar Provisioning, the Group’s exposures subject to reclassification are considered in 
past due in 2024; however, the Issuer is subject to the risk that the Bank of Italy may require it to apply 
retrospectively the Calendar Provisioning to the reclassified exposure. This may result in a substantial 
increase to loan loss provisions as well a significant deterioration to the capital ratios of the Group. 
Any failure by the Group to avoid a significant concentration of past due and non-performing exposures 
could bring about an impact on capital ratios and an impact, even a very significant one, cannot be 
excluded, both in term of increase of RWA both in CET 1 reduction. At the same time, a stricter and more 
severe credit policy aimed at limiting the aging of the portfolio and the past due classification could entail 
the risk of lower purchases of receivables and therefore of a contraction of the business and of the 
profitability profile of the Group. 
Risks related to recent and forthcoming regulatory and accounting changes 
In addition to the own funds and eligible liabilities and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel III, the 
CRD IV, the BRRD and the EU Banking Reform, there are several other initiatives, in various stages of 
finalisation, which represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and will impact the 
EU’s future regulatory direction. These initiatives include the “Fundamental Review of the Trading 
Book”, revised standardised approaches (e.g. credit, market, operational risk), constraint to the use of 
internal models, as well as the introduction of a capital floor. 
Other forthcoming regulatory changes include the EU Banking Reform that amend many of the existing 
provisions set forth in CRD IV and the BRRD. For additional information, see also “Regulatory” and 
“Risks related to regulatory changes in the banking and financial sectors and to the changes of the other 
laws applicable to the Group”. On 7 December 2017 the Basel Committee endorsed the outstanding 
Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms. The reforms, which include revisions to the measurement of the 
leverage ratio. These are being introduced in the EU through the amendments to the CRR contained in the 
EU Banking Reform. 
In addition, the EU Banking Reform changes the rules for calculating the capital requirements for market 
risks against the trading book positions set out in the CRR, to transpose the work done by the Basel 
Committee with the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book into EU law by establishing clearer and 
more easily enforceable rules on the scope of application to prevent regulatory arbitrage; improving risk 
capture, making requirements proportionate to reflect more accurately the actual risks to which banks are 
exposed; and strengthening the conditions to use internal models to enhance consistency and risk-weight 
comparability across banks. The new rules include a phase-in period.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
Most recently, on 19 June 2024 new amendments to the CRR (“CRR III”) and CRD (“CRD VI”) were 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union and entered into force on 9 July 2024. CRR III 
and CRD VI implement the 2021 European Commission proposal for implementation of the final Basel 
standards into the EU legislation with new rules for the calculation of risk weighted assets for credit, 
operational, Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) and market risks as well as the introduction of the 
“output floor”. The “output floor” limits the risk of excessive reductions in banks’ capital requirements 
and, makes those requirements more comparable. The “output floor” sets a lower limit on the capital 
requirements that are determined in accordance with banks’ internal models to 72.5% of the capital 
requirements that would apply if they used standardised measurements. In addition, CRR III introduces 
certain amendments to the definition of debtors’ default for prudential requirements, including the 
deletion of competent authorities’ discretion to raise the number of days past due from 90 to 180 for the 
purposes of debtors’ default. These changes may have an impact on the classification of the receivables 
owed by the public administration to the Group.  Beyond the implementation of Basel III standards, CRR 
III and CRD VI harmonise minimum requirements applicable to the authorisation of branches of third-
country banks and the supervision of their activities in the EU, as well as set a transitional prudential 
regime for crypto assets and introduce amendments to enhance banks' management of Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) risks. Save for certain exemptions, the majority of the CRR III provisions 
will be applied starting from 1 January 2025, with certain elements of the Regulation phasing in over the 
years. In this regard, on 24 July 2024 the European Commission adopted a delegated regulation to 
postpone by one year, until 1 January 2026, the date of application of CRR III standards for banks’ 
calculation of own funds requirements for market risk. Subject to the scrutiny of the European Parliament 
and Council, such delegated regulation should enter into application on 1 January 2025.  Member States 
shall adopt and publish the CRD VI implementing measures by 10 January 2026 and they shall apply 
those provisions from 11 January 2026. While CRR III does not need any national implementation 
measure, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is uncertainty as to the formal implementation of 
CRD VI and the impacts this piece of legislation may have on the Group’s operations. See also 
“Regulatory”. 
There can be no assurance that the implementation of the new capital requirements, standards and 
recommendations described above will not require the Issuer to issue additional securities that qualify as 
regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may 
have adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, 
increased capital requirements may negatively affect Issuer’s return on equity and other financial 
performance indicators. 
The Group is exposed, like other parties operating in the banking sector, to the effects of the entry into 
force and subsequent application of new accounting principles or standards and regulations and/or 
changes to them (including those resulting from IFRS as endorsed and adopted into European law). 
Specifically, the Group, like other parties operating in the banking sector, may need to revise the 
accounting and regulatory treatment of some existing assets, liabilities and transactions (and the related 
income and expense), with possible negative effects, including significant ones, on the estimates in 
financial plans for future years and this could lead to the Issuer having to restate financial data published 
previously. Investors should be aware that implementation of new accounting principles or standards and 
regulations (or changes thereto) may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
The banking industry is subject to regulations which require us to avoid significant debtor 
concentration 
Pursuant to the rules imposing limits on the assumption of risk by banks, which are set out in the CRR, 
banks are required to limit their exposure, with respect to any individual debtor, to 25% of their Tier 1 
capital (or 150 million in case of credit institution or investment firm, if 150 million is greater than 25% 
of Tier 1 capital). The failure to comply with this requirement following the occurrence of events out of 
our control (for example, future mergers between our debtors and other counterparties such as credit 
institutions) and any risk connected with the consolidation of local health authorities that has been taking 
place in certain regions of Italy in recent years and that will occur in other regions as well in the near 
future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The lengthening of payment times by the debtors may also increase the risk of a potential breach of the 
aforesaid requirements, in which case we may be required to either reduce such exposures or increase our 
own funds to ensure that concentration limits are complied with. Furthermore, compliance with the 25% 
exposure limits (or 150 million as specified above) with respect to individual debtors described above

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
could restrict our growth in terms of asset volumes and could cause a potential breakdown of our 
relationship with customers if, for example, in order to comply with such limits, we were forced to turn 
down business from one or more customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
We are required to make yearly contributions to the Single Resolution Fund and the Interbank Deposit 
Guarantee Fund, and in exceptional circumstances we may be required to make additional 
contributions 
Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes (the “Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive“ or 
the “DGSD”) and the BRRD, as well as the establishment of the Single Resolution Mechanism, 
introduced significant changes to the framework regulating the financial distress of banks, with the aim of 
strengthening the single market and the stability of the European banking system. 
Based on the legal framework introduced as a consequence of the transposition into Italian law of these 
directives, financial institutions are required to provide financial resources in order to fund the Italian 
Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund (Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi) (“FITD”) and the 
National Resolution Fund (Fondo di Risoluzione Unico Nazionale, which was transferred to the Single 
Resolution Fund (Fondo di Risoluzione Unico)). 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the ordinary contribution due from us to the FITD was €2.7 
million. 
With respect to the Single Resolution Fund, the contributions are calculated in proportion to the amount 
of liabilities of the relevant bank (excluding guaranteed deposits and own funds) to the total liabilities 
(excluding guaranteed deposits and own funds) of Italian banks and the degree of risk assumed by the 
relevant bank compared to the degree of risk assumed by all other Italian banks. The BRRD provides that 
Italian banks must pay annual ordinary contributions until the Single Resolution Fund has financial 
resources equal to at least 1% of the total guaranteed deposits of financial institutions authorised in all 
participating Member States.  
As the target level of the Single Resolution Fund was reached as of 31 December 2023, the Issuer is not 
required to pay ordinary annual contributions in 2024. The ordinary annual contribution required from us 
in 2023 was €6.3 million. The ordinary annual contribution required in 2022 was €3.6 million. 
If the financial resources of the Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund and/or the Single Resolution Fund are 
insufficient to cover any losses, or if as a result of costs or other expenses incurred by such funds in 
compliance with the regulations governing their operation the above percentages are not reached, 
financial institutions may be required to make extraordinary contributions. 
In 2023, BFF was required to pay an extraordinary contribution to the FITD equal to €1.7 million. In 
2022 the extraordinary contribution to the Single Resolution Fund amounted to €0.7 million. 
Should we be required to make large contributions in future, or should the guarantee funds fail, this could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The so-called “split payment” of VAT, firstly introduced for transactions involving public bodies and 
already extended to other supplies, might be further extended and could impact the markets in which 
we operate  
Italian law No. 190 of 23 December 2014 (the “2015 Budget Law“) introduced changes to the VAT 
regime applicable, under Italian laws, to transactions carried out by public entities referred to as the split 
payment mechanism (“Split Payment Mechanism“). Under such mechanism, VAT on sales of goods 
and services rendered by any VAT taxable persons to public entities is paid by the latter, and not by the 
supplier, as required under the ordinary regime. The VAT payment is therefore made by the customer to 
the tax authority directly, while the supplier only receives the consideration for its supply, net of any 
VAT.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
One of the effects of the Split Payment Mechanism 1 is that taxable persons who carry out supplies of 
goods or services subject to such mechanism (i.e. supplies in favour of the above mentioned entities) will 
be prevented from the possibility to offset VAT paid on their input with output VAT (which is no longer 
received from their customers on such supplies) and might constantly be in a credit position. 
The Split Payment Mechanism was authorised by the Council of the European Union effective from 1 
January 2015 and was expected to expire on 30 June 2020, as by that date, adequate controls should have 
been developed based on the data acquired through electronic invoicing. However, by the Implementing 
Decision of the Council of the European Union 2020/1105, the Split Payment Mechanism’s application in 
Italy was firstly extended to 30 June 2023, and later to 30 June 2026 by the Decision of the Council of the 
European Union 2023/1552  (1 July 2025 for the companies with shares listed in a regulated market). 
We are subject to regular inspections by the Bank of Italy and may be required to implement measures 
set out by the regulators 
We are subject to regular inspections by the Bank of Italy, which is generally entrusted under Italian law 
with the power, inter alia, to impose the adoption of specific measures affecting our business, governance 
or capital structure.  
For example, on 11 September 2023, the Bank of Italy started an inspection on the Issuer, which was 
completed in January 2024 and which resulted in compliance findings on the Issuer’s classification of 
credit exposure vis-à-vis the public administration as well as on the Issuer’s governance and on its 
corporate compensation practices, with particular reference to certain contractual provisions referring to 
the Chief Executive Officer. The Bank of Italy, pending its assessment of the Issuer’s determinations 
related to the inspection findings, ordered the Issuer to temporarily refrain from approving or 
implementing: (i) the distribution of profits or other equity instruments; (ii) the payment of the variable 
remuneration to its managers; (iii) the further expansion abroad by opening new branches or expanding 
into new countries under freedom of services. The limitation on the distribution of profits or other equity 
assets does not apply to the payment of interest under its additional tier 1 securities. For additional 
information on the inspection, the Bank of Italy’s compliance findings and the actions taken by the Issuer 
in respect thereto, see “ – Risks related to the Bank of Italy’s Inspection” and “Description of the Issuer 
and the Group – Legal Proceedings and Investigations”. 
We cannot exclude the possibility that, following any future evaluations or inspections by the Supervisory 
Authority, we may have to put into place further measures in order to respond to any imposed 
requirements, or that the measures requested by the Bank of Italy and implemented by us could later 
reveal themselves to not be fully effective over a period of time. 
Should we be forced to implement new initiatives, or should our initiatives be insufficient to cure any 
deficiencies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. See “Description of the Issuer and the Group—Legal Proceedings and Investigations” below. 
Changes in tax laws or the tax rate to which we are subject could materially impact our financial 
position  
We are currently subject to taxation in various European countries. Any future changes in tax rates as 
applied to us could be affected by the proportion of profits earned in countries having different tax rates, 
changes in the calculation of deferred taxes or changes to tax law and its interpretation. 
From 2013, we have benefited in Italy from a favourable tax regime introduced by Decree Law No. 201 
of 6 December 2011, converted into law, following amendments, by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 
 
1 
Additional guidelines concerning both methods of actual VAT payment and identification of the 
subjects involved are contained in the implementing rules approved with Ministerial Decree of 27 
June 2017, which modifies Ministerial Decree of 23 January 2015. The amendments thus approved 
shall apply to supplies of goods and services invoiced as from 1 July 2017 until expiry of the 
derogation granted by the EU Council pursuant to Decision (EU) no. 2017/784 (i.e., until 30 June 
2020).

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
(the so-called “Aiuto alla crescita economica” (“ACE“)), which introduced a tax reduction for highly 
capitalised businesses 2. 
Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 216 of 30 December 2023 repeals the ACE deduction as from 1 
January 2024. The unused ACE deduction accrued as at 31 December 2023 can still be used according to 
the provision under art. 3, paragraph 2 of ACE implementing Ministerial Decree 3 August 2017. 
In addition, in 2023 the Italian Government introduced a lump sum tax on bank windfall profits, 
purported to target the increased profits of banks licensed to operate in Italy resulting from rising interest 
rates. As a result of such provision, the Issuer allocated Euro 24.4 million to the retained earnings reserve 
as an alternative to the payment of the lump sum tax. In 2024, the Italian Government started discussions 
on a potential additional levy targeting banks’ profits, but at the date of this Base Prospectus no detailed 
information is available as to the structure of any such levy or tax.  
In addition, the BFF Polska Group experienced in the past certain interpretative issues in relation to the 
application of some provisions of tax laws in Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia. In those 
circumstances the BFF Polska Group sought the prior opinion of the competent tax authorities and 
followed the interpretation suggested by them. However, we cannot exclude that the tax authorities might 
adopt a different interpretation in the future and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, we conduct transactions between related parties residing in different countries in the 
ordinary course of business. These transactions (such as funding and the provision of services) are subject 
to transfer pricing rules established by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development 
(“OECD”) and any applicable national laws. Given the complexity of such rules, there is a certain degree 
of uncertainty with regard to their interpretation and application. 
Although we believe that we are currently in compliance with the applicable transfer pricing rules, there 
is a risk that the methods we adopt may be contested by the relevant competent authorities, which could 
result in tax inquiries and investigations against us. Tax inquiries and investigations may result in fines or 
higher tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
On 16 December 2019, Lombardy’s Regional Tax Authority (Direzione Regionale della Lombardia, 
“DRE”) served DEPObank, which has been incorporated by BFF in 2021, with a report of findings 
(“Pvc”) contesting the fulfilment of the requirements specified by the Parent-Subsidiary Directive to 
qualify for the exemption from withholding tax on dividend distributed to its parent company in 2017. 
Consequently, Lombardy’s Regional Tax Authority deemed the standard withholding tax rate of 26% 
applicable. In December 2023, the DRE invited the Bank to discuss the matter to initiate the verification 
with acceptance procedure (accertamento con adesione) for the fiscal years 2017 and 2018 (not originally 
considered in the Pvc), which was concluded on the same date with total liabilities of €5,988,667.79 for 
2017 and €2,649,277.51 for 2018 (including reduced penalties and interests). However, it should be noted 
that based on the share purchase agreement entered into by the Bank for the acquisition of DEPObank 
(“SPMA”), BFF was fully guaranteed by a bank guarantee covering the total amount concerning taxes, 
penalties and interests for both years assessed.  
In April 2023, Lombardy’s Regional Tax Authority has initiated a general audit on DEPObank 
(incorporated by the Bank) for the tax periods from 2017 onwards. During the audit, the DRE requested 
documentation from the Bank regarding, inter alia, the activities carried out by the advisors Bain Capital, 
Advent and Clessidra in relation to the consultancy agreement entered into on 2 May 2016. At the end of 
the audit procedures, the auditors considered the documentation produced insufficient to prove the 
inherent nature of the costs incurred by DEPObank for tax purposes.  
Therefore, the tax audit ended with the notification of a Pvc on 18 October 2023, where these costs were 
deemed non-deductible due to lack of inherent nature, with an estimated total liability (if confirmed with 
an assessment), in the amount of € 755,740.00 (reflecting the reduction of penalties in case of 
acquiescence). That said, it should be noted that the Bank, pursuant to the SPMA entered into with 
Equinova at the time of the acquisition of DEPObank, is fully indemnified with respect to tax liabilities 
 
2 
For the implementing provisions, see Ministerial Decree 3 August 2017.

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
relating to DEPObank’s activities in the years preceding the acquisition. The so-called reservation of right 
with respect to Equinova has, therefore, been formalised, so that the indemnification provisions can be 
implemented for the benefit of the Bank. Equinova, in accordance with the SPMA and consistent with its 
obligation to indemnify the Bank for any liabilities that may arise as a result of the Pvc, availed itself of 
the right to appoint an expert in the cross-examination with the DRE. In December 2023, the Tax 
Authority notified the Bank of the notices of assessment confirming the Pvc findings. On 13 February 
2024, the DRE invited the Bank, upon its request, to a cross-examination to activate the verification with 
acceptance procedure (accertamento con adesione), which was concluded on 15 May 2024 with two 
separate adhesion notices (for IRES and IRAP purposes, respectively), for a reduced amount totalling 
Euro 86,970.55 (of which Euro 15,488.19 in respect of IRAP and Euro 71,482.36 in respect of IRES, 
including penalties and interest) fully paid on the same date, provided that, as specified above, the Bank is 
indemnified pursuant to the SPMA. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors below have been classified into the following categories: 
 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
 
Risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Changes in regulatory framework and accounting policies  
Investors should be aware that the powers provided to “resolution authorities” under the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive include write down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments 
(including Subordinated Notes) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments) fully absorb 
losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution and before any other resolution action is taken 
(in addition to the General Bail-In Tool). Accordingly, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
contemplates that resolution authorities may require the write down of such capital instruments and 
eligible liabilities in full on a permanent basis, or convert them in full into shares or other instruments of 
ownership. The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities 
shall exercise the write down power in a way that results in (i) CET1 instruments being written down first 
in proportion to the relevant losses, (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of other capital instruments 
(including Subordinated Notes) being written down or converted into CET1 instruments on a permanent 
basis, and (iii) thereafter, eligible liabilities being written down or converted in accordance with a set 
order of priority. 
The powers set out in the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may impact how credit institutions 
and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The holders 
of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subjected to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the General Bail-In Tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such 
holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, or any exercise which is suggested could, therefore, materially adversely affect the 
rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
In addition, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment 
of the BRRD, including, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to 
provide for a general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Member States 
would be required by the BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of deposits relative to 
ordinary unsecured claims to all deposits. The implementation of this proposal is subject to further 
legislative procedures but if it is implemented in its current form, this would confirm the outcome

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
currently applicable under Italian law, whereby the Senior Notes (including Senior Preferred Notes) will 
rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits. 
For additional information on the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and the powers of resolution 
authorities, see “Regulatory”. 
Governmental and central banks’ actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or 
discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, intervention 
with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further increased. In many 
countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial system and direct 
intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks in different forms. In order to technically 
permit such government support, financial institutions were required to pledge securities deemed 
appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral. The unavailability of liquidity through 
such measures, or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures by governments and central 
authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring liquidity in the market and/or result in higher 
costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby adversely affecting the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
Modification and waivers under the Notes  
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
in Physical Form” below) and the Conditions of both the Notes in Physical Form and the Dematerialised 
Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form provide that the Issuer and the Issuing and 
Paying Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification 
of the Notes or the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form which is: (a) in the opinion of the 
Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or (b) of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
to correct a manifest error. In addition, no consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required 
in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendment as described in Condition 4.4(III)(C). In 
addition, the Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders, in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 14.2 (Modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form, 
modify the terms of the Notes, in order, inter alia, to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of the 
Bail-In Power. However, this could include changes that would be materially less favourable to holders, 
including but not limited to a change in governing law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process 
provisions. See also “Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent” below. 
The Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes provide that the Issuer may, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or Couponholders, carry out any modification of the Dematerialised Notes which is: 
(a) in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or (b) of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, no consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendment as described in 
Condition 4.4(III)(C). Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter. 
Investors should note that amendments to the Conditions might also be materially less favourable to 
holders, even if not prejudicial, or including, but not limited to, changes in governing law and/or to the 
jurisdiction provisions. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Italian laws or administrative 
practice 
The Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian law or its administrative

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. See also “Notes may be subject to modification without 
Noteholder consent” below. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
To the extent applicable, Dematerialised Notes will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time 
through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Italian Finance Act and in accordance with 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued 
in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form. While the Dematerialised Notes are represented by 
book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the 
authorised financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As 
the Dematerialised Notes are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on 
the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for 
transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Because the Global Notes in respect of Notes in Physical Form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment 
and communication with the Issuer 
Notes in Physical Form issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. 
Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes in Physical Form are represented 
by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes in Physical Form are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Notes once the paying agent has paid Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note 
must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes in Physical Form. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders 
of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer unless the Notes have become due and repayable and definitive 
notes are not being issued in exchange for Global Notes. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 3.1 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, 
in Condition 3.2 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
in Condition 3.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) in respect of Subordinated Notes, the holder of a Note 
will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Note. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which the Notes will immediately become 
due and repayable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to winding-up or an 
analogous event as set out in Condition 9.1 (Events of Default). Accordingly, other than following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, 
including the payment of any interest, or in case of the exercise of any bail-in by the Relevant Authority, 
the holders of the Notes will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available 
to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Social Bonds, please also see the risk factor entitled “Social 
Bonds”. 
Risks related to the forthcoming tax reform of financial incomes 
Italian Law No. 111 of August 9, 2023 (“Law 111/2023”), delegates power to the Italian government to 
enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the 
reform of the Italian tax system (the “Italian Tax Reform”). 
According to Law 111/2023, the Italian Tax Reform, the tax reform should change significantly the 
taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax 
system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be 
quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. The information provided in this Base Prospectus may 
not reflect the future tax landscape accurately.   
Investors should be aware that the amendments introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and 
capital gains may increase the taxation on the interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or 
realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described 
above. 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
of these features: 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether a Paying Agent or otherwise) is the 
agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Conditions for example determining the Relevant Swap Rate (in the case of CSM Linked 
Interest Notes) or ISDA Rate (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), that may negatively influence and 
thereby reduce amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their 
redemption. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) or Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Issuer may choose 
to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low.  
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. Further, during any period in which there is an actual or 
perceived increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may redeem the Notes, the price of the Notes may also 
be adversely impacted. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any early redemption shall be subject to Condition 6.13 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment and repurchase of Senior Notes). In the case of Subordinated 
Notes, any redemption shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption,

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). See also "Early redemption and purchase of the Senior 
Notes may be restricted" and "Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted". 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer were obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)), 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (including 
any treaty to which the Tax Jurisdiction is a party) or any change in the application or official or generally 
published interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a change or amendment resulting from a 
ruling by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). In such circumstances, 
an investor may find that its investment terminates sooner than expected and may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the 
relevant Notes. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes, SONIA Linked Interest Notes and Floating Rate Notes linked to a 
Multiplier 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate, SONIA or a 
Multiplier (the “Relevant Factors”). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Factors may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Factors are applied to Notes in conjunction with a Multiplier greater than one, or 
it contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factors on interest 
payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the Relevant Factors may affect the actual yield provided to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in 
the Relevant Factors, the greater the effect on the yield. 
The historical experience of a Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any CMS Linked Interest Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes linked to a Multiplier. Accordingly, each potential investor should consult its own financial and 
legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any CMS Linked Interest Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes linked to a Multiplier and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. In addition, the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for the Noteholders. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate may at any time be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
To the extent that a Multiplier or a Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of 
the Interest Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
underlying floating rate will be amplified by the multiplier. Where the Multiplier is less than 1, this may 
adversely affect the return on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will 
be below the margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, the 
holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest 
periods. In addition, if Floating Rate Notes are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination of 
both or other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. If the Issuer issues Floating Rate Notes, investors are not able 
to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes  
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset 
Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to 
the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” or “Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” as applicable). The First Reset 
Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be more or less than the 
Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”) and Warsaw interbank offered rate (“WIBOR”)) are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a 
“benchmark”. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
BMR”) applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark also in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorized by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognized or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation 
and the UK BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the ECB announced that it would be 
part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free 
rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. €STR was published by the 
European Central Bank on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
In addition, in July 2022, a Polish national working group for the reform of benchmarks (the “NWG”) 
was established. One of the purposes of the NWG is to lead the implementation of the transition in such a 
way as to ensure the security of the financial system in Poland. On 28 September 2022 the NWG 
announced a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR and replacing it with a new benchmark, the Warsaw 
Interest Rate Overnight (“WIRON”). Under the roadmap, financial products based on WIRON will be 
introduced in 2023 and WIBOR will be withdrawn in 2025. Due to the ongoing works on the introduction 
of a replacement for WIBOR, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not able to estimate the 
possible impact of the planned change on the Group’s operations and results. 
The elimination of the WIBOR “benchmark” or the potential elimination of any other “benchmark”, or 
changes in the manner of administration of any “benchmark”, could require an adjustment to the terms 
and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes referencing such “benchmark”. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes referencing a “benchmark”. 
The Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that a published Original 
Reference Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Reference Rate determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Reference Rate 
determined by an Independent Adviser or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment 
Spread. The application of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an 
Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain 
circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period (as applicable) may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes (as applicable) based on 
the rate which was last used for the relevant Notes or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and 
Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, 
the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form” and 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any 
applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the 
competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 4.4.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a reference 
rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption 
an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, including term SONIA reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated 
term). The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
(also significantly) from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referenced to a 
reference rate under the Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such 
risk free rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Furthermore, if the Notes become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes 
shall only be determined immediately prior to the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be 
reset thereafter. 
Furthermore, with respect to SONIA linked Notes, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing 
SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA 
linked Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA 
as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based 
rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced 
Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA. 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related 
to the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation 
or dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes 
will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes in Physical Form 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form are governed by Italian law and Condition 16.1 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form provides that contractual and non-contractual 
obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Italian Law. The Global Notes representing the Notes in Physical Form provide that all contractual 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes representing the 
Notes in Physical Form are governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Global 
Notes which are governed by English law. Furthermore, Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent 
Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Notes in 
Physical Form are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and, thereafter, delivered to Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as initial Issuing and Paying Agent, being the entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, 
authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) 
authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Notes in Physical Form would be deemed to be

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
issued in England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (regarding the 
Italian international private law rules) provides that “other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed 
by the law of the State in which the security was issued”. 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws 
applicable to the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form and the Global Notes and the laws 
applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Notes in Physical Form and 
any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Notes in Physical 
Form. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples, of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. Where a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time, the holder may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If a Modification of the Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) in cases 
where a Regulatory Event, a Tax Law Change or an Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing 
(with respect to Subordinated Notes), or a MREL Disqualification Event, a Tax Law Change or an 
Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing (with respect to Senior Notes), and/or (ii) with respect to 
all Notes, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Power) or otherwise, the Issuer shall be entitled 
(without the need for consent of the Noteholders) to modify the terms of the Notes of such Series, 
provided that certain conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions are met. Any modification made in 
accordance with these conditions can also determine a change in the governing law and/or in the 
jurisdiction and service of process provisions, if the Issuer determines that such changes are necessary to 
ensure that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, eligible for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirements. 
While it is difficult to foresee the exact impact of any such changes, a modification which is required to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power may have a material adverse effect on 
Noteholders’ investment in the Notes. 
Social Bonds  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Social Bond”, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for any present or future investment criteria or 
guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses. 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to finance 
or re-finance projects and activities that promote the accomplishment of general interest initiatives 
(“Social Bonds”). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final 
Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own criteria. 
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that: 
- 
the application of an amount equal to the net proceeds for any Eligible Social Asset will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of, or related to, the relevant Eligible Social Asset); 
- 
any Eligible Social Asset will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, or as regards the direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability and/or social impact of such Eligible Social Assets, or that 
any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation 
of such Eligible Social Asset. In addition, where adverse impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the 
Eligible Social Assets may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or 
other stakeholders; 
- 
as regards the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
relation to any Eligible Social Assets to fulfil any sustainability, social and/or other criteria. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein, as well as the reliability of the provider of 
such opinion or certification who may not be subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. Any such opinion or certification would not constitute, and should not be 
considered by investors as, a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Social Bonds and would 
only be current as of the date it is released. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “social” or an equivalently-labelled project 
or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “social” or such other 
equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time.  
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been established in the 
EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”) and the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 
February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act, introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities 
contribute to the following environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: 
climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). The 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. The screening criteria has been 
completed by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 establishing the technical screening 
criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing 
substantially to the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, to the transition to a 
circular economy, to pollution prevention and control, or to the protection and restoration of biodiversity 
and ecosystems and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of 
the other environmental objectives. On 9 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is applicable 
since 1 January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the Regulatory 
Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation”), which is applicable since 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU 
Commission to implement the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation may result in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the 
scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological progress. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds 
marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the “EU Green Bond 
Regulation”) entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024. The EU 
Green Bond Regulation includes a set of requirements that securities shall comply with in order to be 
labelled as “European Green Bonds” or “EUGB”, in particular: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the 
green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) full

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be 
carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with ESMA and subjection 
to its supervision. However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus further guidelines shall be developed 
by the European Commission in relation to the European Green Bond Regulation. Therefore, the 
requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time. The Notes issued, as Green Bonds, under 
the Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of 
“European Green Bond” nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any such Green 
Bonds become eligible for such designation. It is not clear if the establishment of the “EUGB” label could 
have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green bonds that do not comply with the 
requirements of the European Green Bond Regulation, such as the Green Bonds issued under this 
Programme. This could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Social Bonds issued under this Programme which will not comply with the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Social Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with the standards under the EU 
Green Bond Regulation. 
The Issuer’s “Social Bond Framework” (for additional information, see “Use of Proceeds”) has been 
published prior to the publication of, inter alia, certain laws, regulations and guidelines mentioned above. 
Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Eligible Social Assets financed and/or refinanced by the 
Issuer in connection with its Social Bonds will fully align at all times with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and the technical screening criteria 
established by the implementing delegated acts, as and when introduced and applicable from time to time. 
Any such changes could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such 
Social Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Social Bonds the Issuer may request a 
sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second party opinion confirming 
that the relevant green and/or low carbon and/or social and/or combination of any green and social 
project, as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for green, social and combination of any green and social projects set out in the Social Bond Principles 
published by ICMA and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment 
in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, 
a “Second Party Opinion”).  
A Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the 
projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of 
Social Bonds. A Second-Party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the 
relevant Social Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may 
affect the value of such Social Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. No representation or assurance is given as to 
the suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or certification of any third party made available 
in connection with an issue of Notes issued as “Social Bonds”. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
Second Party Opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such Second Party 
Opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the providers of any such Second Party Opinion and certifications are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to

--- Page 56 ---
55 
 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, any Eligible Social Assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Social 
Bonds for Eligible Social Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Social Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Social Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
Eligible Social Assets, will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including any failure to comply with its reporting obligations or 
to obtain any assessment, opinion or certification) and any actual or potential maturity mismatch between 
the social or sustainable asset(s) towards which an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Notes 
may have been applied and the relevant Notes, will not: (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against 
the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the 
Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to 
exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes 
as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities instruments 
(as applicable) or impact any of the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) 
features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments; (v) have any 
impact on the status of the Notes as indicated in the Conditions; or (vi) prevent the applicability of the 
Bail-In Power (or any other provision of the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Social Bonds nor any amount equal to such 
proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of principal and 
interest and the operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the relevant Social Bonds shall not 
depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the 
social assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied.  
Regardless of their “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, Social Bonds, as any other 
Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities instruments (including the application of mandatory write-down or 
conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the Group (including the 
Issuer) and even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met), the 
Notes (or the proceeds thereof) will be available to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any 
“social” or “sustainable” assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied or, 
if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and, as such, proceeds from Social Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities 
should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer. The fact that such Notes are designated as Social 
Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes will be 
subject to the same risks relating to their level of subordination. 
Any event described above or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes 
for any Eligible Social Assets as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying, in whole or in part, with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which 
are intended to finance or refinance Eligible Social Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Eligible Social Assets to fulfil 
environmental and sustainability criteria. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 
assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Social Assets meet the 
eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s Social 
Bond Framework available on its website for information and should determine for themselves the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and their 
investment should be based upon such investigation as they deem necessary. 
Risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Regulatory classification of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together, the “Senior Notes”) are intended 
to be eligible liabilities for the purposes of the MREL Requirements (as defined in Condition 2 
(Definitions)). Current regulatory practice by the Relevant Authorities does not require (or customarily 
provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of Senior Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. In 
addition, as the EU Banking Reform has only recently came into force, there may be uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation of the MREL Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that 
the Senior Notes will be or remain MREL eligible liabilities.  
If the Senior Notes are not MREL eligible liabilities (or if they initially are MREL eligible liabilities and 
subsequently become ineligible due to a change in MREL Requirements), then a MREL Disqualification 
Event (as defined in Condition 2 (Definitions)) will occur. 
Redemption of the Senior Notes following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes of such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any outstanding 
interest. Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer 
provided that, except to the extent that the Relevant Authority does not so require at the time of the 
proposed redemption, the Issuer has given such notice to the Relevant Authority as the Relevant 
Authority may then require prior to such redemption and no objection thereto has been raised by the 
Relevant Authority or, if required, the Relevant Authority has provided its consent thereto and any other 
requirements of the Relevant Authority applicable, if any, to such redemption at the time have been 
complied with by the Issuer.  
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (as the case may be) is or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements, subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase 
and Cancellation). 
If the Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, the price of the Notes may be adversely affected and there can 
be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate 
that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Notes.  
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and 
regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase 
due to the qualification of such Senior Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. 
In addition, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including the conditions that the Issuer has obtained the prior approval 
of the Relevant Authority.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
 
The Applicable Banking Regulations state that the Relevant Authority would approve an early 
redemption of the Senior Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event that any of the 
following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes only 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello in accordance with, and for the purposes of, the rules set forth in Articles 
12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulations which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority, and also qualify as 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. The rules mentioned above were introduced 
under Law No. 2015 of 27 December 2017 on the budget of the Italian Government for 2018 (the “2018 
Budget Law”), which entered into force on 1 January 2018. 
Current regulatory practice by the Relevant Authorities does not require (or customarily provide) a 
confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will qualify as strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, 
paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which 
may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements, there can be no representation that this is or will remain the 
case during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Should an MREL Disqualification Event occur, 
the Issuer would have the ability to redeem the Notes, which could adversely affect the price of the Notes, 
and if redeemed there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable 
investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in such Notes should determine the suitability of 
such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to 
bear the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire 
amount invested in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial 
advisor) to evaluate how Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment 
on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. It is possible that, over time, the value of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than that expected by investors at the time of issuance of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is no trading history 
Prior to the adoption of the 2018 Budget Law and its entry into force, Italian issuers were not able to issue 
senior non-preferred securities, so there is no trading history for securities of Italian banks with this 
ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the 
risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their 
approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more 
familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the 
time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their 
investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to unsecured and unsubordinated 
preferred obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated and non-
preferred obligations and will rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable Notes which rank senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, there is a real risk that an 
investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer be judged 
by the Relevant Authority to be failing or likely to fail, or insolvent; moreover, the timing of any payment 
in such instances may not be forecasted at the date of this Base Prospectus. In addition, except where the 
Issuer is subject to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 
and following of the Italian Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) pursuant to 
Article 96-quinquies of the Italian Banking Act, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not entitled to 
accelerate the maturity of their Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes, upon issue, may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such 
credit rating may be lower than the Issuer’s credit rating, to reflect the increased risk of loss in the event 
of the Issuer’s insolvency. As a result, Senior Non-Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more 
credit rating agencies close to the level of subordinated debt and as such may be subject to a higher risk of 
price volatility than the Senior Preferred Notes. In addition, the rating may change in the future depending 
on the assessment, by one or more credit rating agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes 
resulting from the modified liability structure following the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Moreover, rating organisations may seek to rate any Senior Non-Preferred Notes on an “unsolicited” basis 
and, if such “unsolicited ratings” are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes on a “solicited” basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on 
the value of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, or in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order for “liquidazione coatta amministrativa” as defined in the Italian Banking Act, the 
Issuer will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other 
unsubordinated creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the 
Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments 
to pay the amounts due under the Subordinated Notes; in addition, the timing of any such payment may 
not be forecasted at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
junior in priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors) of the Issuer.  
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“BRRD II”) in Italy and published on 30 
November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed into the Italian legislation Article 48(7) of

--- Page 60 ---
59 
 
BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Italian Banking Act. Such provision states 
that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be 
treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that 
does not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it 
would cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency. Consequently, the 
ranking of an instrument – previously recognised as own funds item – that is fully disqualified as own 
funds would improve with respect to any claim that results from an own funds item.  
In light of this new provision, if a series of Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own 
funds items in the future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; 
and (b) in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to 
pay the holders of the relevant series of Subordinated Notes and any other subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully recognised as an own funds instrument, 
in full before it can make any payments on any other Subordinated Notes which are still recognised (at 
least in part) as own funds instruments. See further Condition 3.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment should the Issuer become failing or likely to fail, or insolvent. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes – The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed after 
a Regulatory Event 
The intention of the Issuer is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier 2 capital” for so long as 
this is permitted under the laws and regulations on capital adequacy applicable from time to time. Current 
regulatory practice by the Relevant Authorities does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation 
prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that any such Subordinated Notes qualify as “Tier 2 capital”, there 
can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Subordinated Notes or 
that the Subordinated Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital 
requirement regulations. If there is any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from their 
classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in full (or, to 
the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part) as “Tier 2 capital”, or a 
reclassification as a lower qualify form of Own Funds, the Issuer will (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), subject to satisfaction of the conditions set out in Condition 
6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes), 
including the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. During any period in which there is an actual or 
perceived increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may exercise such rights to redeem the Notes, the price 
of the Notes may be adversely impacted and may not rise above the redemption price. There can be no 
assurance that holders of such Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant 
Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, the 
CRR provides that the Relevant Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR provided that either of the 
following conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the

--- Page 61 ---
60 
 
capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Relevant Authority may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations, policies and guidelines: 
(i) 
either of the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax 
treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
Issue Date; or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a materially adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, 
Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in 
these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market 
prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell 
its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted 
by country specific reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a 
limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
For each issue of Notes, the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency 
which is likely to be either euro, U.S. dollar or sterling. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease; (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield

--- Page 62 ---
61 
 
on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (3) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes; 
(ii) 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency;  
(iii) 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the trading 
price for the Notes; and 
(iv) 
tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated and, where an issue of 
Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the 
Programme.

--- Page 63 ---
62 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English translation of the Condensed Half-Yearly Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, prepared in accordance with IFRS 
applicable to interim financial reporting, International Accounting Standards 34, Interim 
Financial Reporting, and together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ review report 
which can be found on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Annual-and-Half-year-
Reports/2024/BFF_SEMESTRALE_2024_ENG_0609--PUBBLICATA.pdf  
(b) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2023, prepared in accordance with IFRS and the Italian 
regulations implementing article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative 
decree no. 136/15 and together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports which can be 
found on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Annual-and-Half-year-
Reports/2023/BFF_CONSOLIDATO_2023_EN_17042024.pdf  
(c) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS and the Italian 
regulations implementing article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative 
decree no. 136/15 and together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports which can be 
found on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Annual-and-Half-year-
Reports/2022/CONSOLIDATED_FINANCIAL_STATEMENTS_BFF_2022_Full_03042023-
(1).pdf  
(d) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes” on pages 108-148 of the 
base prospectus relating to the programme dated 3 October 2023, which is available at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/EMTN-Programme/BFF-2023-
EMTN-Programme---Base-Prospectus.pdf  
(e) 
the English translation of the articles of association (statuto) of the Issuer (incorporated for 
information purposes): 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Governance/Articles-of-
Association/20231108---Statuto---BFF-Bank-SpA_ENG-Markup.pdf  
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by 
way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the website of the Issuer (https://investor.bff.com/en/home).

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the notes and the auditor’s report in respect of 
the consolidated condensed interim financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the period ended 30 
June 2024 and for each of the annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
Cross Reference List 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Condensed Half-Yearly Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer as at 
and for the six months ended 30 June 
2024 
Condensed Half-Yearly Consolidated 
Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position
82-83
Consolidated Income Statement
84
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
85
Statement of Changes in Equity
86-87
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows
88-89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
90-205
Independent Auditors’ Report
219-221
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 
Audited consolidated annual financial 
statements: 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position
92-93 
Consolidated Income Statement
94
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
95 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity
96-97 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows
98-99 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
100-299 
Independent Auditors’ Report
306-312
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 
Audited consolidated annual financial 
statements: 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position
92-93 
Consolidated Income Statement
94
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
95 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity
96-97 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows
98-99

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
100-309 
Independent Auditors’ Report
314-323
 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is 
not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In 
relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which 
is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an 
individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either 
in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent 
described in the relevant Final Terms.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form (the “Notes in Physical 
Form” or, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form, the “Notes”) 
which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note 
(as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time 
of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The relevant Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
“Form of Final Terms” below for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
In these “Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the 
Notes in Physical Form (as defined above) and references to “Receipt” and “Talons” (both as defined 
below) shall be to the “Receipt” and “Talons” connected to the Notes in Physical Form (as defined 
below), and references to “Noteholders” (as defined below) shall be to the holders of the Notes in 
Physical Form only. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of the Notes in Physical Form issued by BFF Bank S.p.A. 
(the “Issuer”) pursuant to an agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form”) dated 11 
October 2024 and made between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the 
“Fiscal Agent”, which expression shall include any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
“Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any successor or additional paying agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which completes these Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
Physical Form (the “Conditions”). References to the “relevant Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in 
all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates (as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms), Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the relevant Final 
Terms are available for viewing at, and copies can be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer at 
Via Domenichino, 5, 20149 – Milan (MI), Italy, and will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(as of the date hereof, https://www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin) save that, if this Note is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the relevant Final Terms will only be obtainable by any holder of the Notes (“Noteholder”)

--- Page 68 ---
67 
 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Noteholders and the holders of the related Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in 
Physical Form and the relevant Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement for 
the Notes in Physical Form. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form or used in the 
relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Interest 
Notes, Fixed-Floating Rate Notes, Floating-Fixed Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Notes may also be senior preferred notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred 
notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior 
Notes”) or subordinated notes (“Subordinated Notes”), depending on the status of the Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Currency”) and in the denomination or denominations specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (a “Specified Denomination”), provided that: 
- 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 150,000; 
- 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 200,000, 
or, in each case, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, 
are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
Specified Currency. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note 
or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 
treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
“Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
an “Alignment Event” will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or 
amendment to the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after the 
Issue Date, the Issuer would be able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes, 
qualifying as Eligible Liabilities Instruments or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, qualifying 
as Tier 2 Capital, that contains one or more provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained in these Conditions; 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments 
Regulations, the Circular No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any 
other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect 
of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and standards and 
guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
“Bail-In Power” means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification and/or 
suspension power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect 
and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the 
case may be) including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements set forth in 
or implementing the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees and/or the SRM Regulation or 
any successor laws, regulations, rules or requirements establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) within the 
context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities 
of a the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) can be reduced, cancelled, 
transferred, modified, suspended for a temporary period and/or converted into shares or 
obligations of the obligor or any other person, whether in combination with a resolution action or 
otherwise; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, 
and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019

--- Page 70 ---
69 
 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law); 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each business centre specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a “Business 
Centre”); and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than London and any Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (“T2”) or any successor thereto is 
open; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Capital Instruments Regulations” means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before 
or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the 
Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD 
IV Package (including, without limitation, any rules or regulations implementing the Banking 
Reform Package); 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Circular No. 285” means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, setting 
forth the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law);

--- Page 71 ---
70 
 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major 
banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the office of five major banks in the principal relevant financial centre specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Relevant Financial Centre”), in each case selected by the Issuer; 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package); 
“CRD IV Package” means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Day Count Fraction” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Interest Determination Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Interest 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Interest Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date

--- Page 72 ---
71 
 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
(b) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS 
Linked Interest Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360

--- Page 73 ---
72 
 
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which 
case and D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Interest 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Interest Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Interest Period. 
“Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own 
Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of any rules or regulations implementing the 
Banking Reform Package);

--- Page 74 ---
73 
 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) an Interest Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Interest Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not an Interest Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Interest Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Interest Determination Date falling after, such date); 
“Eligible Liabilities” means at any time eligible liabilities as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Eligible Liabilities Instruments” means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as 
interpreted and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in 
accordance with and subject to Condition 4.2(b); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries (or any other entities that are 
consolidated in the Issuer’s calculation of its Own Funds on a consolidated basis in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations); 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of issue of the Notes (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the first Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Italian Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may 
be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments 
or other instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related 
national implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset

--- Page 75 ---
74 
 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means either (a) the Reference Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or (b) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the 
Specified Currency is euro;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
4.2(c), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such 
Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as 
a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event; 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may 
be) from time to time, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as implementing technical standards or regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or 
a Relevant Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements,

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures or policies are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or the Group (as the case may be)), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, 
superseded or replaced from time to time; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Own Funds Instruments” means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reference Bank(s)” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro 
zone office of four major banks in the Euro zone interbank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regulatory Event” means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their 
exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds; 
“Relevant Authority” means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the 
Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any 
successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), and/or (ii) the Single Resolution 
Board, the European Council, the European Commission or the Bank of Italy, acting within the 
framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority 
having responsibility for the resolution of the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case 
may be); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and

--- Page 77 ---
76 
 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the relevant Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant to 
the SRM Regulation; 
“Single Supervisory Mechanism” means the single supervisory mechanism established 
pursuant to the SSM Regulation; 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time (including as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package);  
“SSM Regulation” means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time; 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 4.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 4.2(b). 
“Subsidiary” means any company or person that is controlled by the Issuer pursuant to Article 
23 of the Italian Banking Act; 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) (including any treaty to which the Tax 
Jurisdiction is a party) or any change in the application or official or generally published 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a change or amendment resulting from a 
ruling by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes

--- Page 78 ---
77 
 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, changes in the assessment of the Relevant Authority regarding 
tax effects are not considered as a Tax Law Change; 
“Tier 1 Capital” means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
“Tier 2 Instruments” means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Preferred Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes and the Coupons related 
to them shall at all times rank (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, 
including any obligations permitted by law to rank senior to the Senior Preferred Notes following 
the Issue Date, if any) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes from time to time, including any obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and any further obligations permitted by law or by their terms to rank junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify 
as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer in accordance with, and for 
the purposes of, Article 12-bis of the Italian Banking Act. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Coupons 
related to them shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms and/or provisions of 
law to rank, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, any 
obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and any obligation required to be preferred 
by law and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 
72a(2) of the CRR);

--- Page 79 ---
78 
 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under 
the Subordinated Notes or any obligations under instruments or items included in the 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant regulation which may be enacted from time to 
time for the purposes of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines 
implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Instruments 
to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of the CRR and 
Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons related to 
them shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
whilst the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partially, Tier 2 Capital: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or 
any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes, including 
any obligation required to be preferred by law (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify in their entirety as Own Funds); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior 
or senior to the Subordinated Notes  (including the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of any instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital); and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other 
obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer); or  
(b) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from the Issuer’s Own Funds: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and any other present or future unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their

--- Page 80 ---
79 
 
terms to rank, senior to the Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations 
under the Senior Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Tier 2 Capital or Own Funds and 
with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that have such ranking; and  
(iii) 
senior to (A) any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including Own Funds Instruments), and (B) all present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms 
to rank, senior or pari passu to the Subordinated Notes. 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under 
the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the 
Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time 
to time. 
3.4 
No Negative Pledge  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) applies to the Notes: (a) if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest Periods for which 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest 
will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the relevant Final Terms either (i) as the 
same Rate of Interest for all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect 
of one or more Fixed Interest Periods. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in

--- Page 81 ---
80 
 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
4.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
This Condition 4.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) applies to the Notes if the Reset Notes Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 4.4 (Benchmark 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent 
Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.2(b) applies to the Notes if the Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to a basis which matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the 
relevant Notes. 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
shall, subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Benchmark Replacement), request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (as

--- Page 82 ---
81 
 
applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) or the Subsequent 
Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2, “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by 
the Issuer. 
4.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes 
This Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes) applies to 
the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the date or dates specified as a specified interest payment date in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (a “Specified Interest Payment Date”); or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the specified period in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Period”) after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) (the “Interest Period”). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 83 ---
82 
 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and 
CMS Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant 
ISDA Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms and where “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating  (I) unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes, as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org); or (II) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined 
therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series (collectively, the “ISDA Definitions”) and 
under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (a) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), 
the first day of that Interest Period or (b) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (“WIBOR”) or 
in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any circumstances where the ISDA 
Definitions state that the Calculation Agent will be required to exercise any

--- Page 84 ---
83 
 
discretion (including, but not limited to, determinations of alternative or 
substitute benchmarks , successor reference rates, screen pages, interest 
adjustment factors/fractions or spreads, market disruptions, benchmark 
amendment conforming changes, selection and polling of reference banks) when 
calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require 
the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the 
Issuer or its designee. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for Floating 
Rate Notes linked to SONIA or the CMS Rate) 
(w) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided in 
Condition 4.4, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the time specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Specified 
Time”) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(x) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(y) 
(1) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
being applicable, the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (at the 
request of the Issuer) the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were

--- Page 85 ---
84 
 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro 
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) (the 
“Determined Rate”), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). Unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero; 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and (ii) the relevant 
Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) 
the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be: (A) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period),; or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, 
the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating 
Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum

--- Page 86 ---
85 
 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be)  
applicable to such first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to the 
CMS Rate 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “CMS Rate” 
is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to 
Condition 4.4: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be: (A) determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
(floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first 
Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest 
applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) applicable to such first (floating 
rate) Interest Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to 
SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “SONIA” is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 4.4. 
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 87 ---
86 
 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the 
Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business 
on such Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference 
Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) 
how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any 
Business Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as 
the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 4.3(h), the Rate of Interest shall be 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
(floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date 
commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) (including 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for 
so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.3(b)(iv): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 88 ---
87 
 
rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“LBD” means a Business Day; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business 
Day; 
“p” means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number 
of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such 
number shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling “p” 
Business Days prior to that Business Day “i”. 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date falling five 
Business Days prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to be 
made in respect of the Notes). 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means in respect of any Business Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 89 ---
88 
 
(d) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line interpolation by reference to two 
rates: 
(i) 
(where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or (where 
“CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; or 
(ii) 
(where “ISDA Determination” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and  
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period,  
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin (if any) and 
the rate so determined. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. Where the Calculation Agent is not the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
notify the Fiscal Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note in

--- Page 90 ---
89 
 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of all the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 4.4, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent (if the Calculation Agent is not itself the Fiscal 
Agent) and any stock exchange or listing agent (if any) on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (or in 
the case of such Notes admitted to the official list and traded on the Official List, 
notification shall be given to Euronext Dublin or the Irish Listing Agent on the first day 
of each Interest Period). Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or listing 
agent (if any) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4.3 by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence of wilful default, negligence or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select and appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Reference Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each case an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in 
any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later 
than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 during 
any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(b) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine an Alternative 
Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than three Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the “Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest

--- Page 91 ---
90 
 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 during any other future 
Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer 
will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 4.4: 
(i) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4.4); 
(ii) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(A) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4.4); or 
(B) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4.4); and 
(iii) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(A) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Reference 
Banks, Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant 
Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page (all as defined in the 
Final Terms) applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining 
the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is not available; and 
(B) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 (each such 
change, together with any such change required pursuant to Condition 
4.4(c)(iii)(A) above, a “Benchmark Amendment” and, together, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer 
shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to

--- Page 92 ---
91 
 
Condition 4.4(c)(iii) to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Any Benchmark 
Amendments effected pursuant to Condition 4.4(c)(iii) shall similarly be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with the determination by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Independent Adviser of the relevant Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or in connection with any Benchmark Amendment 
as described in this Condition 4.4, including any changes to these Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.4 prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4.3(b). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4: (i) no Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.3(h), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes, satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; and/or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.4, if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority treating 
an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Event, or any Benchmark 
Amendment. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations 
made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at 
the direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.4: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
if it is determined that no such spread is customarily applied, the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer, as applicable, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 93 ---
92 
 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Adviser determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the 
relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
that there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case by a specific date; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) 
for any Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (e), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
the later of (i) the date which is six months prior to the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of 
use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be and (ii) the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined 
in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 4.4. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate:

--- Page 94 ---
93 
 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such reference rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate, (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities, or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue as provided in the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical 
Form. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of Payment) against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments 
of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used in these Conditions, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the related missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from 
the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 95 ---
94 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, CMS Linked Interest Note or Long Maturity 
Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a 
Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note (if such Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. On 
the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Global Note which is not issued in new 
global note (“NGN”) form, a record of such payment made on such Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Note by the Paying Agent, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made and (ii) in the case of any Global Note which is a NGN, the Paying 
Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their 
records to reflect such payment. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
95 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation (if applicable); 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre 
and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall 
be Melbourne and Wellington, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 (Taxation).

--- Page 97 ---
96 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (including 
each CMS Linked Interest Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the date specified as the maturity date in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Maturity Date”). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Senior Notes only in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77(2) and 78a of the CRR being 
met (see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes 
due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 6.8 (Purchases) and 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes)). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Subordinated Notes only 
in accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR being 
met (see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 6.8 (Purchases) and Condition 
6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of 
Subordinated Notes)). 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Italian Banking Act, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue 
Date, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part:  
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note, a 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions)); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or a Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in 
respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as 
a result of any Tax Law Change; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
(and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Fiscal Agent and conclusive and binding on the

--- Page 98 ---
97 
 
Noteholders and the Couponholders). The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this 
Condition 6.2 are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certification 
produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject 
to Condition 6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
6.3 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons  
This Condition 6.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
If a Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event any Series of Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of 
the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as referred to in this Condition 6.3, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.3, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
(and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Fiscal Agent and conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders). The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this 
Condition 6.3 is provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certification 
produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 shall be subject to Condition 6.11 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 99 ---
98 
 
6.4 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event 
has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of 
the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.4, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
(and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Fiscal Agent and conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders). The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this 
Condition 6.4 are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certification 
produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of Senior Notes). 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period stated in 
the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, if 
partial redemption is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed

--- Page 100 ---
99 
 
(“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot on a pro rata basis, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and on a pro rata basis and in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount 
at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
“Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or such other notice period 
stated in the relevant Final Terms). The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, 
provided that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards 
to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount 
of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed 
Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 6.5 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 6.5 may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 6.5 shall be subject to Condition 6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
6.6 
Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Clean-Up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if at least 75 
per cent. or any different percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up Call 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for 
the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all of the Notes then outstanding on such date fixed for redemption and at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)) 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be subject 
to Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) 
and Condition 9 (Events of Default and enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at its “Early 
Redemption Amount” calculated by (or on behalf of) the Issuer as follows:

--- Page 101 ---
100 
 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 +AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the reference price as defined in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Reference Price”); 
AY 
means the accrual yield, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Accrual 
Yield”), expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 
360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase the Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Purchases) 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Fiscal Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), Condition 6.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), 
Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 
6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), or Condition 6.6 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in

--- Page 102 ---
101 
 
Condition 9 (Events of Default and enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 6.6(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.11 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.11 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment 
pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) Condition 
6.8 (Purchases) or Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 14) is subject to 
compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(a) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where either: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a 
margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of 
the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority has 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial 
from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes,

--- Page 103 ---
102 
 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from 
time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
6.12 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of 
Senior Notes 
This Condition 6.12 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to 
a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)), Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 6.8 
(Purchases) or Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 14) is subject, to the 
extent such Senior Notes qualify at such time as Eligible Liabilities instruments or, in case of a 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6.4, qualified as Eligible Liabilities Instruments before the 
occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then Applicable 
Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that 
the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds 
Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds 
requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such

--- Page 104 ---
103 
 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (A) 
and (B) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal 
and interest (in case of Senior Notes and to the extent permitted by the MREL Requirements) or 
the respective amounts of interest only (in case of Subordinated Notes) which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder or a beneficial owner of a Note or 
Coupon being a resident in the Republic of Italy or who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy; or 
(c) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-Italian resident 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident for tax purposes in a country 
which does not allow the Italian tax authorities to obtain an adequate exchange of 
information in respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from Italy; or 
(d) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) have not been met or 
complied with except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(e) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(f) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making, or procuring, a declaration of non.-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; 
(g) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time; or 
(h) 
where it will be required to withhold or deduct any taxes imposed pursuant to or in 
connection with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, the U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder any official interpretations thereof 
or any agreements, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto in connection with any payments. 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy or in either case, any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and

--- Page 105 ---
104 
 
(j) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
The Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with, if appropriate, accrued interest thereon if the Issuer is subject to 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and 
following of the Italian Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Civil Code and/or Article 96-quinquies of 
the Italian Banking Act (the “Event of Default”), provided that repayment of the Notes will only 
be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior approval of the Relevant Authority (if so 
required), and provided further that no payments will be made to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all other creditors of the Issuer ranking 
ahead of the Noteholders and the Couponholders as described in Condition 3 (Status of the 
Notes) have been paid by the Issuer, as ascertained by the liquidator. 
No remedy (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) against the Issuer other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 9.1 shall be available to the holders of the Notes and the 
related Coupons, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes and the 
related Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Notes 
and the related Coupons or otherwise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under 
these Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in 
relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an Event of Default. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with its specified office in a country outside the 
relevant Tax Jurisdiction; and

--- Page 106 ---
105 
 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in the 
place required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or any other 
relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Notification of any change in the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or their specified 
offices will be made in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Paying Agents are under no 
fiduciary duty and act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement 
for the Italian Law Notes contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent 
is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially 
all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times), and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on 
the to the Official List and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, if 
filed within the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin or published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in the Republic of Ireland and approved 
by Euronext Dublin (which is expected to be the Irish Times) and/or the Euronext Dublin’s 
website (as of the date hereof, https://www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin). The Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. Couponholders will be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with this Condition. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules or on the website of such stock 
exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the 
date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the related Note or Notes, with the

--- Page 107 ---
106 
 
Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent by delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as aforesaid. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
14.1 
Meeting of the Noteholders, modification and waiver 
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form contains provisions for convening 
meetings, including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less 
than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form (including modifying the date of maturity 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting two or more persons holding or representing not 
less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes or the Agency Agreement for the Notes in 
Physical Form which is: (a) in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or (b) of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In 
addition, no consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting any Benchmark Amendment as described in Condition 4.4. Any such modification shall 
be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter. 
14.2 
Modification of the Notes 
If a Modification of the Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) in 
cases where a Regulatory Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and is continuing (with 
respect to Subordinated Notes), or a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Law Change has 
occurred and is continuing (with respect to Senior Notes), and/or (ii) with respect to all Notes, in 
case where an Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in accordance with Condition 17 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Power) or in accordance with applicable law, the Issuer shall 
be entitled, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
at any time (without the need for consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders) either to modify 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form and/or the terms and 
conditions of the Notes of such Series, which modification, for the avoidance of doubt, in each 
case shall be treated as being outside the scope of the Reserved Matters, provided that:  
(a) 
Such modification is reasonably necessary in the sole opinion of the Issuer to ensure, as 
applicable, that no Regulatory Event, Tax Law Change or MREL Disqualification Event 
or Alignment Event would exist thereafter, or that the effectiveness and enforceability of 
the Bail-In Power in accordance with Condition 17 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In 
Power) or in accordance with applicable law is ensured;

--- Page 108 ---
107 
 
(b) 
following such modification of the existing Notes (the “Existing Notes”): 
(A) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as so modified (the “Modified 
Notes”), are not materially less favourable to a holder of the Existing 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer and other than in respect 
of the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In 
Power) or in accordance with applicable law and any provisions 
referred to under (e) below) than the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Existing Notes prior to such modification; 
(B) 
the Modified Notes shall have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Existing Notes and shall feature the same tenor, principal amount, 
interest rates (including applicable margins), Interest Payment Dates 
and redemption rights as the Existing Notes; 
(C) 
the Modified Notes are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit 
ratings (if any) as were assigned to the Existing Notes immediately 
prior to such modification, provided that such change in rating, if any, 
shall only be relevant for the purposes of this Condition 14.2(b)(C), if 
related specifically to the modification; 
(D) 
the Modified Notes continue to be listed on a recognised stock 
exchange, if the Existing Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
modification; 
(c) 
the modification does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the Existing 
Notes prior to their Maturity Date, without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 
6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and Condition 6.6 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer); 
(d) 
the Relevant Authority has approved such modification (if such approval is required 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that 
time), or has received prior written notice thereof (if such notice is required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that time) and, 
following the expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no 
longer entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification; and 
(e) 
any modification made under this Condition 14.2 can also determine a change in the 
governing law provided under Condition 16.1 (Governing law) from Italian law and/or 
in the jurisdiction and service of process provisions set out in Condition 16.2 
(Submission to jurisdiction), if the Issuer determines that such changes are necessary to 
ensure that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, eligible for the purposes of the 
MREL Requirements. 
In connection with any modification made in this Condition 14.2, the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading and of 
any authority that is responsible for the supervision or regulation of such exchange. 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders and shall be 
notified by the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, but subject to any permission required from the Relevant Authority, to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
108 
 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement for the 
Notes in Physical Form, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with Italian law. 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the 
courts of Milan are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) 
and accordingly submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings 
have been brought in the an inconvenient forum, and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a 
judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of Milan with regard to the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons shall be conclusive and binding upon each party and may be enforced 
in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
17. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 
55(1) of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on 
issuance or in the secondary market), acknowledges and accepts the existence of, agrees to be 
bound by and consents to: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
become payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority.

--- Page 110 ---
109 
 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be 
varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant 
Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also 
deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power 
nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 17. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
interest payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further 
modification of the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other 
relevant provisions under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of the Bail-In Power.

--- Page 111 ---
110 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes issued in dematerialised form (the 
“Dematerialised Notes” or, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, 
the “Notes”) which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
will apply to each Series of Dematerialised Notes. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche 
of Dematerialised Notes shall specify terms which complete the following Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes. Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” below for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
In these “Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes”, references to “holders” and 
“Noteholders” are to the beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book 
entry form with Monte Titoli pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Italian Finance Act (as defined 
below) and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation (as defined below). No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) are 
intermediaries authorised to operate through Monte Titoli. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of the Dematerialised Notes issued by BFF Bank S.p.A. 
(the “Issuer”) in dematerialised form. The Issuer will also act as paying agent for the Notes (the “Paying 
Agent”) save that the Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes 
in accordance with Condition 10 (Paying Agent). References in these Conditions to “Paying Agent” shall 
mean, for so long as the Issuer acts as paying agent for the Notes, the Issuer in its capacity as such, or 
such other party from time to time appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent for the Notes. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
expressed to apply this Note, which completes these Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
(the “Conditions”). References to the “relevant Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) applicable this Note. 
The holders for the time being of the Dematerialised Notes shall hereafter be referred to as the 
“Noteholders”, which expression shall, in relation to any Dematerialised Notes, be construed as provided 
below and are to the beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book 
entry form with Monte Titoli S.p.A. pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 and 
in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued 
in respect of Notes. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in 
all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates (as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms), Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be credited, according to the 
instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders (as 
defined below) whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Dematerialised Notes and 
thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of 
those Dematerialised Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Dematerialised Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression “Monte Titoli Account Holder” means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli 
and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their

--- Page 112 ---
111 
 
respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of 
the Italian Finance Act and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Interest 
Notes, Fixed-Floating Rate Notes, Floating-Fixed Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Notes may also be senior preferred notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred 
notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior 
Notes”) or subordinated notes (“Subordinated Notes”), depending on the status of the Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Currency”) and in the denomination or denominations specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (a “Specified Denomination”), provided that: 
- 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 150,000; 
- 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 200,000, 
or, in each case, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, 
are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
Specified Currency. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the 
relevant provisions of the Italian Finance Act and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of 
Italy Joint Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be to the records for which Monte Titoli acts as depository. Any reference in these Conditions to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Paying Agent. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
an “Alignment Event” will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or 
amendment to the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after the 
Issue Date, the Issuer would be able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes, 
qualifying as Eligible Liabilities Instruments or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, qualifying 
as Tier 2 Capital, that contains one or more provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained in these Conditions; 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments 
Regulations, the Circular No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any 
other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect 
of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and standards and 
guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority;

--- Page 113 ---
112 
 
“Bail-In Power” means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification and/or 
suspension power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect 
and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the 
case may be) including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements set forth in 
or implementing the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees and/or the SRM Regulation or 
any successor laws, regulations, rules or requirements establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) within the 
context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities 
of a the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) can be reduced, cancelled, 
transferred, modified, suspended for a temporary period and/or converted into shares or 
obligations of the obligor or any other person, whether in combination with a resolution action or 
otherwise; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, 
and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law); 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each business centre specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a “Business 
Centre”); and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits)

--- Page 114 ---
113 
 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than London and any Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (“T2”) or any successor thereto is 
open; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Paying Agent or such other person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Capital Instruments Regulations” means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before 
or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the 
Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD 
IV Package (including, without limitation, any rules or regulations implementing the Banking 
Reform Package); 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Circular No. 285” means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, setting 
forth the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major 
banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the office of five major banks in the principal relevant financial centre specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Relevant Financial Centre”), in each case selected by the Issuer; 
“CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation” means the joint regulation issued by Consob 
and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time; 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package); 
“CRD IV Package” means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package);

--- Page 115 ---
114 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Interest Determination Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Interest 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Interest Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
(b) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS 
Linked Interest Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 116 ---
115 
 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 117 ---
116 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which 
case and D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Interest 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Interest Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Interest Period. 
“Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own 
Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of any rules or regulations implementing the 
Banking Reform Package); 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) an Interest Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Interest Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not an Interest Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Interest Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Interest Determination Date falling after, such date); 
“Eligible Liabilities” means at any time eligible liabilities as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Eligible Liabilities Instruments” means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as 
interpreted and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date;

--- Page 118 ---
117 
 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in 
accordance with and subject to Condition 4.2(b); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries (or any other entities that are 
consolidated in the Issuer’s calculation of its Own Funds on a consolidated basis in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations); 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of issue of the Notes (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the first Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Italian Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“Italian Finance Act” means Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may 
be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments 
or other instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related 
national implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means either (a) the Reference Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or (b) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the 
Specified Currency is euro;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
4.2(c), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency:

--- Page 119 ---
118 
 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such 
Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as 
a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event; 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may 
be) from time to time, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as implementing technical standards or regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or 
a Relevant Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures or policies are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or the Group (as the case may be)), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, 
superseded or replaced from time to time; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Own Funds Instruments” means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reference Bank(s)” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro 
zone office of four major banks in the Euro zone interbank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 120 ---
119 
 
“Reference Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regulatory Event” means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their 
exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds; 
“Relevant Authority” means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the 
Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any 
successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), and/or (ii) the Single Resolution 
Board, the European Council, the European Commission or the Bank of Italy, acting within the 
framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority 
having responsibility for the resolution of the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case 
may be); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the relevant Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant to 
the SRM Regulation;

--- Page 121 ---
120 
 
“Single Supervisory Mechanism” means the single supervisory mechanism established 
pursuant to the SSM Regulation; 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time (including as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package);  
“SSM Regulation” means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time; 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 4.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 4.2(b). 
“Subsidiary” means any company or person that is controlled by the Issuer pursuant to Article 
23 of the Italian Banking Act; 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) (including any treaty to which the Tax 
Jurisdiction is a party) or any change in the application or official or generally published 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a change or amendment resulting from a 
ruling by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, changes in the assessment of the Relevant Authority regarding 
tax effects are not considered as a Tax Law Change; 
“Tier 1 Capital” means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
“Tier 2 Instruments” means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
4.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Preferred Notes and any interest accruing in respect thereof are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves.

--- Page 122 ---
121 
 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes shall at all times rank 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, including any obligations permitted 
by law to rank senior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any) equally with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding 
(other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including 
any obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law 
or by their terms to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
4.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any interest accruing in respect thereof are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are 
intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer in 
accordance with, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis of the Italian Banking Act. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall at all times 
rank: 
(a) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms and/or provisions of 
law to rank, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, any 
obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and any obligation required to be preferred 
by law and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 
72a(2) of the CRR); 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under 
the Subordinated Notes or any obligations under instruments or items included in the 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant regulation which may be enacted from time to 
time for the purposes of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines 
implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note.

--- Page 123 ---
122 
 
4.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes and any interest accruing in respect thereof are direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Tier 
2 Instruments to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of 
the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations). 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
whilst the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partially, Tier 2 Capital: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or 
any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes, including 
any obligation required to be preferred by law (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify in their entirety as Own Funds); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior 
or senior to the Subordinated Notes  (including the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of any instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital); and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other 
obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer); or  
(b) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from the Issuer’s Own Funds: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and any other present or future unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their 
terms to rank, senior to the Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations 
under the Senior Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Tier 2 Capital or Own Funds and 
with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that have such ranking; and  
(iii) 
senior to (A) any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including Own Funds Instruments), and (B) all present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms 
to rank, senior or pari passu to the Subordinated Notes. 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under 
the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where

--- Page 124 ---
123 
 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the 
Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time 
to time. 
4.4 
No Negative Pledge  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) applies to the Notes: (a) if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest Periods for which 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest 
will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the relevant Final Terms either (i) as the 
same Rate of Interest for all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect 
of one or more Fixed Interest Periods. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
5.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
This Condition 4.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) applies to the Notes if the Reset Notes Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,

--- Page 125 ---
124 
 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 4.4 (Benchmark 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent 
Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.2(b) applies to the Notes if the Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to a basis which matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the 
relevant Notes. 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
shall, subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Benchmark Replacement), request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (as 
applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) or the Subsequent 
Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2, “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by 
the Issuer.

--- Page 126 ---
125 
 
5.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes 
This Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes) applies to 
the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the date or dates specified as a specified interest payment date in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (a “Specified Interest Payment Date”); or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the specified period in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Period”) after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) (the “Interest Period”). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and 
CMS Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 127 ---
126 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant 
ISDA Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms and where “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating  (I) unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes, as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org); or (II) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined 
therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series (collectively, the “ISDA Definitions”) and 
under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (a) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), 
the first day of that Interest Period or (b) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (“WIBOR”) or 
in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any circumstances where the ISDA 
Definitions state that the Calculation Agent will be required to exercise any 
discretion (including, but not limited to, determinations of alternative or 
substitute benchmarks , successor reference rates, screen pages, interest 
adjustment factors/fractions or spreads, market disruptions, benchmark 
amendment conforming changes, selection and polling of reference banks) when 
calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require 
the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the 
Issuer or its designee.

--- Page 128 ---
127 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for Floating 
Rate Notes linked to SONIA or the CMS Rate) 
(w) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided in 
Condition 4.4, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the time specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Specified 
Time”) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(x) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(y) 
(1) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
being applicable, the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (at the 
request of the Issuer) the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for

--- Page 129 ---
128 
 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro 
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) (the 
“Determined Rate”), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). Unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero; 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and (ii) the relevant 
Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) 
the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be: (A) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period),; or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, 
the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating 
Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be)  
applicable to such first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to the 
CMS Rate 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “CMS Rate” 
is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of

--- Page 130 ---
129 
 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to 
Condition 4.4: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be: (A) determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
(floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first 
Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest 
applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) applicable to such first (floating 
rate) Interest Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to 
SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “SONIA” is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 4.4. 
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the 
Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business 
on such Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference 
Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate

--- Page 131 ---
130 
 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) 
how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any 
Business Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as 
the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 4.4, the Rate of Interest shall be 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
(floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date 
commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) (including 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for 
so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.3(b)(iv): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 365
𝑑 
Where:

--- Page 132 ---
131 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“LBD” means a Business Day; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business 
Day; 
“p” means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number 
of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such 
number shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling “p” 
Business Days prior to that Business Day “i”. 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date falling five 
Business Days prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to be 
made in respect of the Notes). 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means in respect of any Business Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 133 ---
132 
 
(d) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line interpolation by reference to two 
rates: 
(i) 
(where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or (where 
“CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; or 
(ii) 
(where “ISDA Determination” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and  
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period,  
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin (if any) and 
the rate so determined. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. Where the Calculation Agent is not the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as 
soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note in

--- Page 134 ---
133 
 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of all the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 4.4, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agent (if the Calculation Agent is not itself the Paying 
Agent), Monte Titoli and any stock exchange or listing agent (if any) on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
thereafter (or in the case of such Notes admitted to the official list and traded on the 
Official List, notification shall be given to Euronext Dublin or the Irish Listing Agent on 
the first day of each Interest Period). Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange 
or listing agent (if any) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked 
Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices).  
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4.3 by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default, negligence or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall 
attach to the Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select and appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Reference Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each case an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in 
any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later 
than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 during 
any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(b) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine an Alternative 
Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than three Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the “Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 during any other future 
Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of

--- Page 135 ---
134 
 
determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer 
will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 4.4: 
(i) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4.4); 
(ii) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(A) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4.4); or 
(B) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4.4); and 
(iii) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(A) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Reference 
Banks, Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant 
Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page (all as defined in the 
Final Terms) applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining 
the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is not available; and 
(B) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 (each such 
change, together with any such change required pursuant to Condition 
4.4(c)(iii)(A) above, a “Benchmark Amendment” and, together, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer 
shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to 
Condition 4.4(c)(iii) to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). Any Benchmark

--- Page 136 ---
135 
 
Amendments effected pursuant to Condition 4.4(c)(iii) shall similarly be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with the determination by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Independent Adviser of the relevant Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or in connection with any Benchmark Amendment 
as described in this Condition 4.4, including any changes to these Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.4 prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4.3(b). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4: (i) no Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.3(h), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes, satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; and/or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.4, if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority treating 
an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Event, or any Benchmark 
Amendment. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations 
made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at 
the direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.4: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
if it is determined that no such spread is customarily applied, the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer, as applicable, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Adviser determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate.

--- Page 137 ---
136 
 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the 
relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
that there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case by a specific date; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) 
for any Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (e), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
the later of (i) the date which is six months prior to the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of 
use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be and (ii) the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined 
in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 4.4. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such reference rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (ii)

--- Page 138 ---
137 
 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate, (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities, or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as 
provided in these Conditions. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in Euro will be made by Monte Titoli crediting the Euro accounts of the 
relevant intermediaries, on behalf of the Noteholders, as evidenced in Monte Titoli’s 
records. 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Payment to Noteholders 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be credited, 
according to the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte 
Titoli Account Holders (as defined below) whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with 
those Dematerialised Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the 
accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, payments to Monte Titoli or to its order shall to the extent of 
amounts so paid constitute the discharge of the Issuer of its liabilities under the Notes. 
6.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which (subject to 
Condition 8 (Prescription) Monte Titoli is open for business; and (B) (i) (in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be

--- Page 139 ---
138 
 
carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), on which the T2 is open. 
6.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (including 
each CMS Linked Interest Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the date specified as the maturity date in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Maturity Date”). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Senior Notes only in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77(2) and 78a of the CRR being 
met (see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes 
due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 6.8 (Purchases) and 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes)). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Subordinated Notes only 
in accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR being 
met (see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 6.8 (Purchases) and Condition 
6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of 
Subordinated Notes)). 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Italian Banking Act, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue 
Date, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 140 ---
139 
 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part:  
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note, a 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions)); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or a Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in 
respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as 
a result of any Tax Law Change; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it (a “Tax Event”). 
The Issuer shall evidence the occurrence of a Tax Event prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 by means of a certificate signed by two duly authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, to be made available, upon request, to the Noteholders (and such evidence 
shall be sufficient to the Paying Agent and conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). The 
Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as 
to whether any certifications required by this Condition 6.2 are provided, nor shall it be required 
to review, check or analyse any certification produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents 
of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is 
inaccurate or incorrect. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject 
to Condition 6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
7.3 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons  
This Condition 6.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
If a Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event any Series of Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the

--- Page 141 ---
140 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of 
the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as referred to in this Condition 6.3, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.3, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon. 
The Issuer shall evidence the occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3, by means of a certificate signed by two duly 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have occurred, to be made available, upon request, to the Noteholders (and such 
evidence shall be sufficient to the Paying Agent and conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). 
The Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 6.3 is provided, nor shall 
it be required to review, check or analyse any certification produced nor shall it be responsible 
for the contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 shall be subject to Condition 6.11 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
7.4 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event 
has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of 
the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable).

--- Page 142 ---
141 
 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.4, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
The Issuer shall evidence the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4, by means of a certificate 
signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, to be made available, upon request, to the 
Noteholders (and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Paying Agent and conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders). The Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, 
for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 6.4 are 
provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certification produced nor shall 
it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the 
content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of Senior Notes). 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period stated in 
the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, if 
partial redemption is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will 
be selected either individually by lot or in accordance with the rules of Monte Titoli, in each case 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (the “Redemption Date”).  
Noteholders that hold a Redeemed Note will be informed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the Redemption Date.  
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 6.5 may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 6.5 shall be subject to Condition 6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
7.6 
Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Clean-Up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if at least 75 
per cent. or any different percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up Call 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for 
the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all of the Notes then outstanding on such date fixed for redemption and at

--- Page 143 ---
142 
 
their Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)) 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be subject 
to Condition 6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Subordinated Notes). 
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)  
and Condition 9 (Events of Default and enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at its “Early 
Redemption Amount” calculated by (or on behalf of) the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 +AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the reference price as defined in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Reference Price”); 
AY 
means the accrual yield, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Accrual 
Yield”), expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 
360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase the Notes at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.8 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.8 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.11 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
amendment of Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 144 ---
143 
 
7.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Purchases) cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), Condition 6.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), 
Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 
6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default and enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 6.7(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid. 
7.11 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.11 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment 
pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
6.8 (Purchases) or Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 12) is subject to 
compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(a) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where either: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a 
margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of 
the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at

--- Page 145 ---
144 
 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority has 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial 
from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from 
time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
7.12 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment of 
Senior Notes 
This Condition 6.12 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or amendment pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to 
a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)), Condition 6.6 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 6.8 
(Purchases) or Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 12) is subject, to the 
extent such Senior Notes qualify at such time as Eligible Liabilities instruments or, in case of a 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6.4, qualified as Eligible Liabilities Instruments before the 
occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then Applicable 
Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that 
the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds 
Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds 
requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 146 ---
145 
 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (A) 
and (B) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest (in case of 
Senior Notes and to the extent permitted by the MREL Requirements) or the respective amounts 
of interest only (in case of Subordinated Notes) which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
requested for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
requested for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder or a beneficial owner of a Note being 
a resident in the Republic of Italy or who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy; or 
(c) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-Italian resident 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident for tax purposes in a country 
which does not allow the Italian tax authorities to obtain an adequate exchange of 
information in respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from Italy; or 
(d) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) have not been met or 
complied with except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(e) 
requested for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on requesting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.3 (Payment Day)); or 
(f) 
requested for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making, or procuring, a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; 
(g) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time; or 
(h) 
where it will be required to withhold or deduct any taxes imposed pursuant to or in 
connection with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, the U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder any official interpretations thereof 
or any agreements, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto in connection with any payments. 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy or in either case, any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and

--- Page 147 ---
146 
 
(j) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal of the Notes will be prescribed and will become void within a period of 10 
(ten) years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. Claims for 
interest of the Notes will be prescribed and will become void within a period of 5 (five) years 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with, if appropriate, accrued interest thereon if the Issuer is subject to 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and 
following of the Italian Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Civil Code and/or Article 96-quinquies of 
the Italian Banking Act (the “Event of Default”), provided that repayment of the Notes will only 
be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior approval of the Relevant Authority (if so 
required), and provided further that no payments will be made to the Noteholders before all 
amounts due, but unpaid, to all other creditors of the Issuer ranking ahead of the Noteholders as 
described in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) have been paid by the Issuer, as ascertained by the 
liquidator. 
No remedy (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) against the Issuer other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 9.1 shall be available to the holders of the Notes, whether 
for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the 
Issuer of any of its obligations under the Notes or otherwise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under 
these Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in 
relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an Event of Default. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
Unless the applicable Final Terms provide otherwise, the initial Paying Agent is the Issuer.  
The Issuer is entitled to appoint another person to act as Paying Agent, or vary or terminate the 
appointment of any paying agent appointed under the terms of an agency agreement and/or 
appoint additional or other paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any paying agent acts, provided that there will at all times be a Paying Agent for 
the Notes. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Any notice regarding the Notes, as long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, shall be 
deemed to have been duly given through the systems of Monte Titoli, and, as long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List and/or admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, if filed within the Companies Announcement Office of 
Euronext Dublin or published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the Republic of Ireland and approved by Euronext Dublin (which is expected to be 
the Irish Times) and/or the Euronext Dublin’s website (as of the date hereof, 
https://www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or,

--- Page 148 ---
147 
 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the related Note or Notes, with the Issuer. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
13.1 
Meeting of the Noteholders 
The provisions for meetings of noteholders attached to these Conditions as Annex 1 (the 
“Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders”) contains provisions for convening meetings, 
including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, of the Noteholders 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes.  
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with the 
Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are 
bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders. 
13.2 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, carry out any modification of the Notes 
which is: (a) in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or (b) 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendment as 
described in Condition 4.4. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
13.3 
Modification of the Notes 
If a Modification of the Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) in 
cases where a Regulatory Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and is continuing (with 
respect to Subordinated Notes), or a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Law Change has 
occurred and is continuing (with respect to Senior Notes), and/or (ii) with respect to all Notes, in 
case where an Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in accordance with Condition 15 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Power) or in accordance with applicable law, the Issuer shall 
be entitled, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
at any time (without the need for consent of the Noteholders) to modify the provisions of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes of such Series, which modification, for the avoidance of doubt, 
in each case shall be treated as being outside the scope of the Reserved Matters, provided that:  
(a) 
such modification is reasonably necessary in the sole opinion of the Issuer to ensure, as 
applicable, that no Regulatory Event, Tax Law Change or MREL Disqualification Event 
or Alignment Event would exist thereafter, or that the effectiveness and enforceability of 
the Bail-In Power in accordance with Condition 15 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In 
Power) or in accordance with applicable law is ensured; 
(b) 
following such modification of the existing Notes (the “Existing Notes”): 
(A) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as so modified (the “Modified 
Notes”), are not materially less favourable to a holder of the Existing 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer and other than in respect 
of the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In 
Power) or in accordance with applicable law and any provisions

--- Page 149 ---
148 
 
referred to under (e) below) than the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Existing Notes prior to such modification; 
(B) 
the Modified Notes shall have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Existing Notes and shall feature the same tenor, principal amount, 
interest rates (including applicable margins), Interest Payment Dates 
and redemption rights as the Existing Notes; 
(C) 
the Modified Notes are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit 
ratings (if any) as were assigned to the Existing Notes immediately 
prior to such modification, provided that such change in rating, if any, 
shall only be relevant for the purposes of this Condition 12.2(b)(C), if 
related specifically to the modification; 
(D) 
the Modified Notes continue to be listed on a recognised stock 
exchange, if the Existing Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
modification; 
(c) 
the modification does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the Existing 
Notes prior to their Maturity Date, without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 
6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and Condition 6.6 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer); 
(d) 
the Relevant Authority has approved such modification (if such approval is required 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that 
time), or has received prior written notice thereof (if such notice is required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that time) and, 
following the expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no 
longer entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification; and 
(e) 
any modification made under this Condition 12.3 can also determine a change in the 
governing law provided under Condition 14.1 (Governing law) from Italian law and/or 
in the jurisdiction and service of process provisions set out in Condition 14.2 
(Submission to jurisdiction), if the Issuer determines that such changes are necessary to 
ensure that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, eligible for the purposes of the 
MREL Requirements. 
In connection with any modification made in this Condition 12.3, the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading and of 
any authority that is responsible for the supervision or regulation of such exchange. 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Noteholders and shall be notified by the Issuer as 
soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, but 
subject to any permission required from the Relevant Authority,  to create and issue further notes 
having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out thereof or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with Italian law.

--- Page 150 ---
149 
 
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders, that the courts of Milan are to 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes) and accordingly submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such 
courts. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings 
have been brought in the an inconvenient forum, and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a 
judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of Milan with regard to the Notes shall 
be conclusive and binding upon each party and may be enforced in the courts of any other 
jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
16. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 
55(1) of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on 
issuance or in the secondary market), acknowledges and accepts the existence of, agrees to be 
bound by and consents to: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
become payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be 
varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant 
Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also 
deliver a copy of such notice to the Paying Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure

--- Page 151 ---
150 
 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power 
nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 15. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
interest payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further 
modification of the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other 
relevant provisions under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of the Bail-In Power.

--- Page 152 ---
151 
 
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The following provisions (the “Provisions”) will apply to the meetings of the holders of the 
Dematerialised Notes and will remain in full force and effect until full repayment or cancellation 
of the Dematerialised Notes to which the Provisions apply. 
The Provisions are subject to any mandatory provisions of Italian law. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Provisions, the following expressions have, subject to any mandatory provisions of 
Italian law (including, without limitation, those set out in Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended, the “Italian Financial Act”) and the Issuer's by-laws in force from 
time to time, the following meanings: 
“Block Voting Instruction” means, in relation to any Meeting, a document in the English 
language issued by a Noteholder through the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes (the "deposited Notes") have been blocked in an 
account with such Monte Titoli Account Holder and will not be released until the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to such Monte Titoli Account Holder, not less than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the 
time fixed for its resumption) of the receipt for the deposited or blocked Notes 
and notification thereof to the Issuer; 
(b) 
certifying that the depositor of each deposited Note or a duly authorised person on its 
behalf has instructed the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder that the votes attributable 
to such deposited Note are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to 
the Meeting and that, during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting, such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number of the deposited Notes, distinguishing for each resolution 
between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, or against, 
the resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the deposited Notes in 
accordance with such instructions; 
“Chairman” means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance 
with paragraph 7 (Chairman); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with this Schedule by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast; 
“Further Meeting” means a New Meeting following adjournment of a Second Meeting or any 
subsequent meeting; 
“Initial Meeting” means any Meeting other than a New Meeting; 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment); 
“New Meeting” means a meeting resumed after adjournment for want of quorum of a previous 
Meeting; 
“Proxy” means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting 
Instruction other than:

--- Page 153 ---
152 
 
(a) 
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Issuer 
has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the 
time fixed for such Meeting; and 
(b) 
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce or cancel the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to alter the method 
of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or 
body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) 
to make any alteration or modification to Condition 4 (Status of the Notes), 8 (Taxation) 
or 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) other than those of a formal, minor or 
technical nature; or 
(f) 
to amend this definition; 
it being in any event understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that (i) any modification of the 
Notes under Condition 13.3 (Modification of the Notes) and (ii) any modification required in 
connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendment as described in Condition 4.4 shall not 
constitute a Reserved Matter. 
“Second Meeting” means the first New Meeting following adjournment of an Initial Meeting; 
“Voter” means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
“Voting Certificate” means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate in the English language 
issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder and dated, in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that the deposited Notes have been blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to such Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect 
of the deposited Notes; 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of: 
(a) 
all holders of Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting; or 
(b) 
if all such holders have been given at least 21 days' notice of such resolution, persons 
holding two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, 
in each case, in accordance with the provisions of these Provisions, whether contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
such holders of the Notes;

--- Page 154 ---
153 
 
“24 hours” means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open 
for business in the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in Milan (disregarding for 
this purpose the day upon which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by 
one period or, to the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as 
aforesaid all or part of a day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and 
“48 hours” means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
2. 
ISSUE OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
The holder of a Note may obtain a Voting Certificate from the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder or issue a Block Voting Instruction (through the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder) 
by arranging for such Note to blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. A Voting 
Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the deposited Notes to 
which it relates. So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer 
thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block 
Voting Instruction) shall be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which it relates for all 
purposes in connection with the Meeting. Any person or entity with which or to the order of 
which such Notes have been deposited as common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, shall not be deemed for such purposes to be the holder of those Notes. A Voting 
Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the 
same Note. 
3. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid only if it is deposited at the registered office of the 
Issuer, or at some other place as may be advised by the Issuer, at least 24 hours before the time 
fixed for the relevant Meeting or the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to 
business. If the Issuer requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and 
satisfactory proof of the identity of each Proxy named therein shall be produced at the Meeting. 
4. 
CONVENING OF MEETING 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. 
5. 
NOTICE 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting and 
if the relevant Meeting will be held as a Single Call Meeting (as defined below) or as a Multiple 
Call Meeting (as defined below) shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Paying 
Agents. The notice shall set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that 
the Notes may be blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder for the 
purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or appointing Proxies not later than 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the Meeting. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may 
take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated is 
not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect one of 
themselves to take the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of 
an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was the Chairman of the original Meeting.

--- Page 155 ---
154 
 
7. 
QUORUM 
A Meeting shall be validly held as a single call Meeting (assemblea in unica convocazione) 
(“Single Call Meeting”) or as a multiple call meeting (i.e., each of the initial, second and further 
call of the Meeting respectively and collectively, a “Multiple Call Meeting”). 
A Meeting shall be validly held if attended by one or more Voters representing or holding: 
(a) 
in the case of a Single Call Meeting: 
(i) 
for the purposes of considering a Reserved Matter, one half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or 
(ii) 
for any other purposes, at least one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes; 
(b) 
in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting: 
(i) 
in the case of an Initial Meeting, 
(A) 
for the purposes of considering a Reserved Matter, one half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
for any other purposes, at least one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Second Meeting: 
(A) 
for the purposes of considering a Reserved Matter, one half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or 
(B) 
for any other purposes, at least one third of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(iii) 
in the case of a Further Meeting: 
(A) 
for the purposes of considering a Reserved Matter, one half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or 
(B) 
for any other purposes, at least one fifth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more Voters holding or 
representing: 
(a) 
for voting on any matter other than a Reserved Matter, at least two thirds of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the Meeting; 
(b) 
for voting on a Reserved Matter, the higher of (i) one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes (and (ii) at least two thirds of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes represented at the Meeting. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Multiple Call Meeting a quorum is not present, 
then it shall be adjourned for such period which shall be: 
(a) 
where specified in the notice to Noteholders of the Initial Meeting, not less than one day 
and no more than 30 days following the date of the previous Meeting; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, not more than 30 days following the date of the previous Meeting.

--- Page 156 ---
155 
 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place, provided however that no Meeting may be adjourned 
more than twice for want of quorum unless the Issuer's by-laws provide otherwise. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
Paragraph 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum save that: 
(a) 
where the notice to Noteholders of the Initial Meeting specifies the date for a New 
Meeting, no further notice need be given to Noteholders; 
(b) 
where a further notice to Noteholders is required, 10 days' notice (exclusive of the day 
on which the notice is given and of the day on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall 
be sufficient. 
The notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned 
for any other reason. 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer (including, as the case may be, any of its directors, statutory 
auditors and officers); 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer; and 
(e) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
12. 
SHOW OF HANDS 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed, passed by a particular majority, 
rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall be conclusive, without proof of the number of 
votes cast for, or against, the resolution. Where there is only one Voter, this paragraph 12 shall 
not apply and the resolution will immediately be decided by means of a poll. 
13. 
POLL 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more Voters 
representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the 
Chairman directs, but any poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business as the Chairman 
directs.

--- Page 157 ---
156 
 
14. 
VOTES 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Note(s) represented or held by him by the unit of currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged to 
exercise all the votes to which he is entitled or to cast all the votes which he exercises in the same 
way. 
15. 
VALIDITY OF VOTES BY PROXIES 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction shall be valid even 
if such Block Voting Instruction or any instruction pursuant to which it was given has been 
amended or revoked, provided that the Issuer has not been notified in writing of such amendment 
or revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
Unless revoked, any appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction in relation to a 
Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an 
adjournment, provided, however, that, unless the Block Voting Instructions specify otherwise, no 
such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a Meeting originally convened which has been 
adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such Meeting when it is 
resumed and any person appointed to vote at such a Meeting must be re-appointed under a further 
Block Voting Instruction to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
16. 
POWERS 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to any 
other powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, alteration, abrogation, 
variation or compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes; 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute 
an event of default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all things 
necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon such committee any powers which the 
Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution, 
it being in any event understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that any substitution or modification 
of the Notes under Condition 13.3 (Modification of the Notes) shall not be subject to any 
approval or resolution by the Meeting.

--- Page 158 ---
157 
 
17. 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and 
Talons whether or not present at such Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound to 
give effect to it accordingly. Notice of the result of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer) within 14 
days of the conclusion of the Meeting. 
18. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall 
sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. Unless 
and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of which 
minutes have been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
19. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 159 ---
158 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes in Physical Form 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Permanent 
Global Note (a “Permanent Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons (“Coupons”) and 
talons (“Talons”) attached (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive 
Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the relevant Final Terms), in each case against certification 
of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of 
a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) to the Issuing and Paying Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become 
subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may 
give notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Issuing and Paying

--- Page 160 ---
159 
 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt 
of the first relevant notice by the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes which have an original maturity of more than 365 days and 
on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement of the Notes in Physical Form (as defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form”), the Issuer procures that the Issuing and Paying Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical 
Form, where any note is represented by a Global Note, “Payment Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day on which the T2 System is open and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) additional financial centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and in 
each (if any) additional financial centre. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
Dematerialised Notes  
Dematerialised Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Consolidated Finance Act and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. 
However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-
quinquies and 83-sexies of the Consolidated Finance Act.

--- Page 161 ---
160 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which the Issuer expects will be completed for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)] [MiFID 
II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289) of Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are

--- Page 162 ---
161 
 
[“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BFF BANK S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy with its registered office in Milan; number 
07960110158 in the Register of Companies) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 815600522538355AE429 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes in Physical Form] [Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 11 October 2024 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]3. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
[for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation]4 and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Dematerialised Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 3 October 2023 which 
are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 11 October 2024. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 11 October 
2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] is available for viewing at, 
and copies of it may be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer, and will be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing the final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated Notes must have a denomination of at least 
 
3 Delete for unlisted Notes 
4 Delete for unlisted Notes

--- Page 163 ---
162 
 
€200,000 – or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified 
Currency.) 
1. 
 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(c) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible:] 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below [which is expected to be 
on or about [●].] 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[Euro (“EUR”)] / [Polish Zloty (“PLN”)] / 
[●] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
[Series: 
[●]] 
 
(b) 
[Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [●]] 
(insert date if applicable)] 
5. 
 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and 
Subordinated 
Notes 
must 
have 
a 
denomination of at least €200,000 (or, where 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
other Specified Currency))  
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted 
to trading on an European Economic Area 
exchange; and (ii) only offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation 
the €100,000 minimum denomination is not 
required.) 
 
 
(Note — where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following 
sample 
wording 
should 
be 
followed: 
 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000 or

--- Page 164 ---
163 
 
below €100,000.”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: there must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for certain Notes, for example 
Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Fixed Rate – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
 
 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Relevant 
Authority’s requirements applicable to the 
Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) (i) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
minimum maturity of twelve months and (ii) 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years). 
8. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [from [●] to [●], 
then [●] per cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●]]]
 
 
[[EURIBOR/WIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest]
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest]
[Fixed-Floating Rate]
[Floating-Fixed Rate]
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[12/13/14/15/16/17] below) 
9. 
 
Change of Interest Basis or Change of 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Fixed Rate to Floating Rate] / [Floating Rate 
to Fixed Rate] / [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify details of the relevant 
basis change (and in the case of a change of 
Interest Basis the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies)) 
10.
Put/Call Options: 
[Regulatory Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event]
[Issuer Call]
[Clean-Up Call]
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraphs 
18-21 below)]

--- Page 165 ---
164 
 
11. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes:  
 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] / Not Applicable  
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for 
the period starting from [●] [and including] 
[●] ending on [but excluding] [●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/specify 
other] in arrear] [specify other in case of 
different Rates of Interest in respect of 
different Fixed Interest Periods] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] in each year up to and including [the 
Maturity Date/[●]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if 
different Rates of Interest are specified as 
being applicable in respect of different Fixed 
Interest Periods) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2) 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360  
30/360 
360/360  
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the

--- Page 166 ---
165 
 
case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the 
case of regular interest payment dates which 
are not of equal duration) 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
13. 
 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including [the 
Maturity Date/[●]] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if 
different Rates of Interest are specified as 
being applicable in respect of different Fixed 
Interest Periods) 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●] / Not Applicable 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] / Not Applicable 
 
(j) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/ 
[ISDAFIX4]/[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate] 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 167 ---
166 
 
 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360  
30/360 
360/360  
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(q) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[Issuer]/[●] 
14. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for 
the period starting from [●] [and including] 
[●] ending on [but excluding] [●]]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(g) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[[EURIBOR]/[SONIA] / [WIBOR] / [CMS 
Rate]] 
 
In the case of CMS Rate: 
 
 
- 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
- 
Calculation Agent / Fiscal 
[●]

--- Page 168 ---
167 
 
Agent: 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is Euro):[Second day on 
which the T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference 
Currency 
is 
other 
than 
Euro):[Second [specify type of day] prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
first day of Interest Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling and second business day 
in the Relevant Financial Centre prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor 
euro) 
 
(iii) 
Specified Time: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(In the case of a CMS Rate): [ICESWAP2] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
(vii) 
p: 
(Only applicable to SONIA Linked 
Interest Notes) 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR or CMS Rate 
based option, the first day of the Interest 
Period) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] 
 
(v) 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 169 ---
168 
 
 
(vi) 
Applicable Benchmark: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Fixing Time: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Additional terms relating 
to the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) 
Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
 
 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis
 
 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(p) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each long or short 
interest period)] 
15. 
 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Fixed Interest Period(s) ending on (but 
excluding) [●], then calculated in accordance 
with paragraph 13 above.] 
16. 
 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [●], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 12 
above.] 
17. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 170 ---
169 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[Condition 6.7 applies] 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, unless 
otherwise 
permitted 
by 
current 
laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Relevant 
Authority’s requirements applicable to the 
issue of Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, the 
Optional Redemption Date shall not be 
earlier than five years after the Issue Date) 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items 
of this subparagraph) 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different 
from 
those 
provided 
in 
the 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent or Fiscal 
Agent) 
19. 
 
Regulatory call: 
[Condition 6.3 is applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for Subordinated Notes) 
20. 
 
Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Condition 6.4 is applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for Senior Notes)

--- Page 171 ---
170 
 
21. 
 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Clean-Up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
22. 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. The Final Redemption Amount will 
always be equal to at least 100 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed at paragraph 5 above to have a 
minimum 
denomination 
and 
tradeable 
amounts above such minimum denomination 
which are smaller than it the following 
wording 
should 
be 
added: 
“For 
the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of a holding 
of Notes in an integral multiple of [●] in 
excess of [●] as envisaged in paragraph 5 
above, such holding will be redeemed at its 
nominal amount.”) 
23. 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation, regulatory reasons, 
MREL Disqualification Event or on event 
of default: 
[Not Applicable (if Early Redemption Amount 
is the principal amount of the Notes)/ specify 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
 
Modification of the Notes: 
[Condition 
[14.2/12.2] 
applies/Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]]* 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]* 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]* 
 
 
(*The exchange upon notice options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 
5 
above 
includes 
language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess 
thereof 
up 
to 
and 
including 
€199,000.” Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted 
in relation to any issue of Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
 
 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli on 
behalf of the beneficial owners, until

--- Page 172 ---
171 
 
redemption or cancellation thereof, for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holders] 
26. 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] / [No] / [Not Applicable] 
27. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
(Condition 5) 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which item 12(d) relates) 
28. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert as follows: 
One Talon in the event that more than 27 
Coupons need to be attached to each 
Definitive Note. On and after the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet. Each Talon shall be deemed to 
mature in the Interest Payment Date on which 
the final Coupon comprised in the relevant 
Coupon sheet matures.]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The Issuer accepts responsibility for [(Relevant third party information)] which has been extracted from 
[(specify source)]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of BFF Bank S.p.A.: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 173 ---
172 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of [Euronext Dublin] and, if relevant, admission to 
an official list] with effect from [●].] [Application will be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of [Euronext 
Dublin] and, if relevant, admission to an official list] with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated/The Notes to be 
issued have been/are expected to be rated]: 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[DBRS Morningstar: [●]]
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and [is included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on 
the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered]/[has applied for 
registration although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority]/[is neither registered nor has 
it applied for registration] under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is not established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA [but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and is included in the list of registered credit rating

--- Page 174 ---
173 
 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http:// 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [but is certified] / [and is 
not certified under nor is the rating it has given to the Notes 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or 
the United Kingdom and registered] under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
(Insert the following with respect to UK CRA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] / [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA]. 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes unless such rating is 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar 
restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 175 ---
174 
 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer]. -Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
will be used for its general funding purposes and 
to improve the regulatory capital structure of the 
Issuer] / [An amount equal to the net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes will be used to 
finance or refinance Eligible Social Assets (as 
defined in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” 
of the Base Prospectus)] / [●]  
[Further details on Eligible Social Assets are 
included in the Issuer’s Social Bond Framework, 
made available on the Issuer's website in the 
investor relations sections at [●]] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
6.
[Floating Rate Notes, SONIA Linked Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes Only – 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/WIBOR/CMS/SONIA] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]/[●].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
2016/1011) 
(the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”).  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] does/do not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
apply 
[Note: 
this 
wording applies only in respect of benchmark 
administrators located outside the EU since 31 
December 2021]], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]

--- Page 176 ---
175 
 
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
FISN Code 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. or 
Monte Titoli and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give names(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 177 ---
176 
 
8.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
 
(B) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and addresses] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA 
D]/[TEFRA 
Not 
applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 178 ---
177 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche will be used by the Issuer in its ordinary course of business. 
If, in respect of any particular Tranche of Notes, there is a particular intended use of proceeds, this will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Social Bonds  
The Issuer may also issue Notes under the Programme where an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issuance of such Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be used for the financing and/or 
refinancing of eligible social loans or projects (collectively, the “Eligible Social Assets”) (any Notes 
which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as “Social Bonds”) in accordance with the 
Issuer’s Social Bond Framework or in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as in such 
case shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
The categories of loans or projects that may be financed or refinanced with Social Bonds and the detailed 
eligibility criteria and related documentation requirements are set out in the Issuer’s Social Bond 
Framework. 
Eligible Social Assets are subject to certain eligibility criteria as described in the Issuer’s Social Bond 
Framework and such projects will be evaluated, selected and approved based on the most updated version 
of such criteria at the time of approval, and remain eligible and in the portfolio notwithstanding the future 
updates to the criteria. A third party ESG agency or financial auditor appointed by the Issuer may check 
the compliance of the allocated assets with the selection process on an annual basis.  
Under the Social Bond Framework, the Eligible Social Assets are loans and/or projects aimed at 
increasing the access to quality, timely and accessible healthcare, as well as increasing the availability of 
quality medical equipment to healthcare facilities and individuals for the benefit of the general public 
population (being the population who benefits from improvements to the public and private healthcare 
systems). The Issuer will, if and when appropriate, review and update the Social Bond Framework to 
incorporate new eligible categories or amend current categories. 
The portfolio of loans that will be financed and/or refinanced by applying an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of Social Bonds will be reviewed, monitored and updated by the Issuer’s ESG Committee (the 
“ESG Committee”). The ESG Committee currently comprises the entire top management (including the 
Vice President of Factoring & Lending, Vice President of Technology & Process Improvement, Vice 
President of Transaction Services, and the Directors), with the CFO serving as its chairman, and reports 
directly to the CEO as a Management Committee. 
The Issuer’s Finance Department will be in charge of allocating an amount corresponding to the net 
proceeds from the issuance of Social Bonds to the identified loans/assets that meet eligibility criteria set 
out in the Social Bond Framework, while the operating unit Group ESG & Financial Reporting Officer 
Support will track the amount corresponding to the net proceeds from the issuance of any Social Bonds, 
allocated to Eligible Social Assets. On a semi-annual basis, the Issuer’s Finance Department will ensure 
that the amount of the portfolio of Eligible Social Assets exceeds the balance of net proceeds of all 
outstanding Social Bonds, while on an annual basis the ESG Committee will oversee the process of 
monitoring.  
Pending the full allocation of the amount corresponding to the net proceeds from the issuance of Social 
Bonds or in the case of insufficient Eligible Assets, the Issuer will hold any unallocated funds in the 
Group’s treasury investment portfolio in accordance with BFF’s normal liquidity management, as detailed 
in the Social Bond Framework. 
Pursuant to the Social Bond Framework, the Issuer intends to publish allocation reporting on an annual 
basis, starting from one year after the issuance of the first Social Bond. Such report will be verified by an 
external auditor and will be available on the Issuer’s website. 
The Issuer has appointed ISS Corporate Solutions as an external reviewer to provide the Second Party 
Opinion. The Second Party Opinion confirms the alignment of the Social Bond Framework with the 
ICMA 2023 Social Bond Principles.

--- Page 179 ---
178 
 
The Social Bond Framework and other documentation relating to the Issuer’s Social Bonds are subject to 
review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to 
time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from the description given in this Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors in Notes issued as Social Bonds should access the latest version of each relevant 
document on the Issuer’s website. Any such amendment, update, supplementing, replacing and/or 
withdrawal after the issue date of any Notes which are Social Bonds may be applied in respect of such 
Notes already in issue. 
None of the Social Bond Framework or any other document referred to in any of the foregoing, or the 
contents of any website referred to herein or therein are, or are deemed to be, incorporated in, or form part 
of, this Base Prospectus and/or any Final Terms relating to Notes issued as Social Bonds. 
Prospective investors in Social Bonds should refer also to “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Notes – 
Social Bonds”.

--- Page 180 ---
179 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA 
The information set out in this Base Prospectus in relation to the Group has been derived from, and 
should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to: 
(a) 
Condensed Half-Yearly Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to interim financial 
reporting, International Accounting Standards 34, Interim Financial Reporting, and together with 
the accompanying notes and auditors’ review report which can be found on the Issuer’s website 
at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Annual-and-Half-year-
Reports/2024/BFF_SEMESTRALE_2024_ENG_0609--PUBBLICATA.pdf  
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2023, prepared in accordance with IFRS and the Italian regulations implementing 
article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and 
together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports which can be found on the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Annual-and-Half-year-
Reports/2023/BFF_CONSOLIDATO_2023_EN_17042024.pdf 
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS and the Italian regulations implementing 
article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and 
together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports which can be found on the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Annual-and-Half-year-
Reports/2022/CONSOLIDATED_FINANCIAL_STATEMENTS_BFF_2022_Full_03042023-
(1).pdf 
(d) 
the articles of association (statuto) of the Issuer (incorporated for information purposes): 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/bffbanking-
yt799fde/media/Project/BFFWebsites/investorrelations/Eng-PDF/Governance/Articles-of-
Association/20231108---Statuto---BFF-Bank-SpA_ENG-Markup.pdf 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding copies of the above-mentioned consolidated financial 
statements will be made available at the office of the Fiscal Agent and at the registered office of the 
Issuer, in each case free of charge. 
The statistical information presented herein may differ from information included in the historical 
consolidated financial statements and interim financial reports. In certain cases, the financial and 
statistical information is derived from financial and statistical information reported to the Bank of Italy or 
from internal management reporting. 
The information set out below is taken from the unaudited condensed interim financial statements as at 
and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 and the audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the years 2023 and 2022, as applicable.

--- Page 181 ---
180 
 
The following table sets forth the income statement information for the indicated periods. 
 
For the six-month period 
ended 30 June  
(Unaudited) 
For the year ended 31 
December  
(Audited) 
Consolidated income statement 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
(in € units)
Interest and similar income.....................................
431,032,155
271,311,299
629,407,737
354,805,437
Of which: interest income calculated according 
to the effective interest method ................................
419,308,782 
258,684,890 
580,712,587 
321,564,757 
Interest and similar expenses ..................................
(198,121,780) 
(145,686,43
5) 
(345,255,98
7) 
(92,987,816) 
Net interest income................................................
232,910,375 
125,624,864 
284,151,750 
261,817,621 
Fee and commission income...................................
54,256,280
55,035,629
112,370,513
127,594,743
Fee and commission expense ..................................
(14,590,731) 
(18,817,149) 
(37,218,345) 
(36,939,094) 
Net Fee and Commission income 
39,665,549 
36,218,480 
75,152,168 
90,655,649 
Dividends and similar income.................................
13,334,352
6,669,630
8,896,918
9,794,598
Profits/(losses) on trading .......................................
1,469,753
(5,252,009)
294,424
12,622,171
Profits /(losses) on disposals/repurchases of:
233,330
19,696,166
21,892,959
165,940
financial assets measured at amortized cost ...........
233,330
19,841,699
22,038,492
165,940
financial assets measured at fair value through 
Other Comprehensive Income..............................
-
(145,533)
(145,533)
-
financial liabilities ..................................................
-
-
-
-
Profits (losses) on other financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ...........
(3,987,713) 
(404,932) 
1,842,962 
5,154,401 
other financial assets subject to mandatory fair 
value measurement..................................................
(3,987,713) 
(404,932) 
1,842,962 
5,154,401 
Net banking income
283,625,646 
182,552,199 
392,231,180 
380,210,380 
Net impairment losses/gains for credit risks 
associated with:
(3,314,520) 
(1,855,803) 
(4,931,903) 
(5,905,199) 
financial assets measured at amortized cost ..........
(3,314,520) 
(1,855,803) 
(4,931,903) 
(5,905,199) 
financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ..................................
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net income from banking and insurance 
activities 
280,311,126 
180,696,396 
387,299,277 
374,305,181 
Administrative expenses:
(89,024,616)
(89,839,170)
(180,116,29
1)
(170,602,99
7)
personnel expenses..................................................
(41,538,386)
(40,594,665)
(75,979,911)
(74,351,758)
other administrative expenses.................................
(47,486,230)
(49,244,505)
(104,136,38
0)
(96,251,239)
Net provisions for risks and charges .......................
(3,018,550)
415,434
(3,660,908)
(10,535,096)
commitments and guarantees given ........................
333,328
(104,946)
(277,773)
65,131
other net provisions.................................................
(3,351,878)
520,380
(3,383,135)
(10,600,227)
Depreciation and net impairment losses on 
property, equipment and investment property
(2,324,034)
(2,331,651)
(4,803,519)
(5,005,378)
Amortization and net impairment losses on 
intangible assets ......................................................
(4,988,579)
(3,927,535)
(8,251,393)
(7,641,714)
Other net operating income .....................................
44,689,114 
19,314,551 
44,798,653 
150,393,890 
Operating costs ......................................................
(54,666,666) 
(76,368,371) 
(152,033,45
7) 
(43,391,294) 
Profit (loss) on equity investments ..........................
1,550,454 
(424,871) 
(267,397) 
287,857 
Profit before tax from continuing operations .... 
227,194,915 
103,903,154 
234,998,423 
331,201,744 
Income taxes on continuing operations ...................
(65,413,570) 
(27,756,826) 
(63,336,666) 
(99,154,138) 
Profit after tax from continuing operations ....... 
161,781,345 
76,146,328 
171,661,757 
232,047,606 
Profit (loss) for the period  
161,781,345 
76,146,328 
171,661,757 
232,047,606

--- Page 182 ---
181 
 
 
The following tables set forth the balance sheet information (on a reported basis) for the indicated 
periods. 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 
December 
As of 31 
December 
 
2024 
(Unaudited) 
2023 
(Audited) 
2022  
(Audited) 
 
(in € units)
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents..................................................
146,376,198
257,208,240
634,879,242
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss .....................................................................................
167,424,233
166,023,303
90,540,554
financial assets held for trading.........................................
830,801
1,166,851
210,963
other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value
166,593,432
164,856,452
90,329,591
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.......................................................
140,510,322
137,519,601
128,097,995
Financial assets measured at amortised cost.......................
10,856,465,665
10,805,825,610
11,895,850,418
a)
loans and receivables with banks................................
582,648,404
593,560,790
478,203,260
b)
loans and receivables with customers .........................
10,273,817,261
10,212,264,820
11,417,647,158
Hedging derivatives ...........................................................
-
-
-
Equity investments.............................................................
14,411,216
13,160,322
13,655,906
Property, equipment and investment property....................
68,750,199
60,689,761
54,349,168
Intangible assets .................................................................
71,347,191
74,742,079
70,154,575
of which goodwill...............................................................
30,956,911
30,956,911
30,956,911
Tax assets...........................................................................
98,172,437
113,658,100
60,707,458
a)
current.........................................................................
42,580,571
57,413,940
513,588
b)
deferred.......................................................................
55,591,866
56,244,160
60,193,870
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued 
operations...........................................................................
8,046,017
8,046,041
-
Other assets ........................................................................
587,734,734 
655,392,873 
394,181,565 
Total Assets .......................................................................
12,159,238,211 
12,292,265,929 
13,342,416,883 
 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 
December 
As of 31 
December 
 
2024  
(Unaudited) 
2023 
(Audited) 
2022  
(Audited) 
(in € thousands)
Liabilities and Equity
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost................
10,648,522,551
10,814,197,420
11,994,762,826
a)
due to banks ...............................................................
2,234,247,550
2,269,073,826
1,166,365,115
b)
due to customers.........................................................
8,112,593,788
8,545,109,938
10,789,421,645
c)debt securities issued .....................................................
301,681,213
13,655
38,976,066
Financial liabilities held for trading ..................................
1,390,295
1,214,962
949,790
Hedging derivatives ..........................................................
308,347
-
14,313,592
Tax liabilities ....................................................................
165,470,535
123,790,151
136,002,627
a)
current........................................................................
4,881,094
2,472,113
30,997,504
b)
deferred......................................................................
160,589,441
121,318,038
105,005,123
Other liabilities..................................................................
488,058,723
555,354,208
401,369,354
Post-employment benefits.................................................
3,260,798
3,033,173
3,238,366
Provisions for risks and charges:.......................................
37,758,303
35,863,650
33,012,775
a)
commitments and guarantees given............................
196,637
530,143
251,282
b)
pensions and similar obligations................................
6,355,943
7,008,959
7,861,441
c)other allowances for risks and charges..........................
31,205,723
28,324,548
24,900,052
Valuation reserves.............................................................
9,238,229
7,993,073
6,852,891
Additional Tier 1...............................................................
150,000,000
150,000,000
150,000,000
Reserves............................................................................
286,390,339
277,761,749
233,153,339
Interim dividend................................................................
-
(54,451,025)
(68,549,894)
Share premium reserve......................................................
66,277,204
66,277,204
66,277,204

--- Page 183 ---
182 
 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 
December 
As of 31 
December 
 
2024  
(Unaudited) 
2023 
(Audited) 
2022  
(Audited) 
Share capital......................................................................
144,433,656
143,946,902
142,870,383
Treasury shares .................................................................
(3,652,115)
(4,377,295)
(3,883,976)
Profit (loss) for the period .................................................
161,781,345 
171,661,757 
232,047,606
Total Liabilities and Equity ............................................
12,159,238,211 
12,292,265,929 
13,342,416,883 
 
The following tables sets forth a summary and comparative breakdown of the Group’s balance sheet as of 
30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 on a reclassified basis. 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 
December  
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited)  
(Audited) 
 
(in € million)
BFF Banking Group 
Loan Portfolio (1) .............................................................................................
5,612
5,617
Government securities HTC............................................................................
4,951
4,957
Intangible Assets.............................................................................................
71
75
Other assets (2) .................................................................................................
1,525
1,644
Total Assets .................................................................................................... 
12,159 
12,292 
_____________ 
(1) Includes “Ecobonus” tax assets for €281.5 million and €354.2 million according to the HTC Business Model as of 30 June 2024 
and 31 December 2023, respectively, and €65.6 million and €59.9 million according to the Trading Business Model as of 30 June 
2024 and 31 December 2023, respectively, accounted for under Other assets in the Statement of Financial Position, and “on-
statement of financial position” provisions relating to late payment interest and the lump-sum indemnity for debt collection (“40 
euros”) for €702 million and €528 million as of 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, respectively. 
(2) Includes ECB deposits, tax assets, repos, investments and other assets. 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 
December 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(Audited) 
 
(in € million)
BFF Banking Group 
Equity..............................................................................................................
814
759
Online Deposits...............................................................................................
2,652
2,744
Transaction Services Deposits - Payments......................................................
2,762
3,495
Transaction Services Deposits – Securities Services.......................................
2,699
2,886
Repos ..............................................................................................................
2,215
1,667
Other Liabilities(1) ...........................................................................................
1,017
742
Total Liabilities & Equity .............................................................................  
12,159 
12,292 
_____________ 
(1) Includes bonds, loans and receivables with banks and other liabilities.

--- Page 184 ---
183 
 
Economic, operating and financial indicators 
The following tables shows the adjusted income statement of the Group, broken down by business unit, 
for the six months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 and the twelve months period ended 31 
December 2023 and 2022, with a reconciliation to the reported values. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 
Factoring 
and Lending
Securities 
Services 
Payments 
Corporate 
Centre 
Adjusted 
Adjustments
Reported 
Interest Income.................................... 
200.7
2.6
6.1
114.9
324.2
106.8
431.0
Interest Expenses...................................
(120.0)
-
-
(78.1)
(198.1)
-
(198.1)
Net Interest Income ............................. 
80.7
2.6
6.1
36.8
126.1
106.8
232.9
Net Fee and Commission Income ..........
1.7
11.8
26.6
(0.4)
39.7
-
39.7
Dividends .............................................. 
-
-
-
13.3
13.3
-
13.3
Gains/Losses on Trading .......................
4.4
-
-
(3.0)
1.5
-
1.5
Fair value adjustments in hedge 
accounting .........................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains/losses on disposal/repurchase of ..
-
-
-
0.2
0.2
-
0.2
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost .................................................... 
-
-
-
0.2
0.2
-
0.2
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ...................................... 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
c) financial liabilities ............................. 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains (losses) on other financial assets 
and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss ......................... 
0.2
-
-
(4.2)
(4.0)
-
(4.0)
a) financial assets and liabilities 
designated at fair value ..................... 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
b) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value .......................
0.2
-
-
(4.2)
(4.0)
-
(4.0)
Net Banking Income ............................ 
87.1
14.3
32.7
42.7
176.8
106.8
283.6
Net adjustments/reversals of impairment 
for credit risk concerning:..................
(3.4)
-
-
0.1
(3.3)
-
(3.3)
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost....................................................
(3.4)
-
-
0.1
(3.3)
-
(3.3)
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ......................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Administrative and Personnel Expenses
(22.2)
(10.3)
(16.8)
(36.0)
(85.4)
(3.7)
(89.0)
Net provisions for risks and charges ...... 
(3.1)
-
-
0.1
(3.0)
-
(3.0)
a) commitments and guarantees provided
 .......................................................... 
0.2
-
-
0.2
0.3
-
0.3
b) other net allocations .......................... 
(3.3)
-
-
(0.1)
(3.4)
-
(3.4)
Net Adjustments to/ Writebacks on 
Property, Plan and Equipment and 
Intangible Assets ............................... 
(1.3)
(0.5)
(0.7)
(3.5)
(6.0)
(1.3)
(7.3)
Other Operating Income (Expenses) ...... 
10.7
0.0
5.9
2.4
19.0
25.7
44.7
Gains (Losses) on equity investments .... 
0.3
-
-
1.3
1.6
-
1.6
Profit Before Income Taxes from 
Continuing Operations .................... 
68.0
3.5
21.0
7.1
99.7
127.5
227.2
Income Taxes ........................................ 
(28.7)
(36.7)
(65.4)
Net Income ........................................... 
71.0
90.8
161.8
 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 2023 
Factoring 
and Lending
Securities 
Services 
Payments 
Corporate 
Centre 
Adjusted 
Adjustments
Reported 
Interest Income.................................... 
171.9
2.3
4.6
92.5
271.3
-
271.3
Interest Expenses...................................
(90.3)
-
-
(55.4)
(145.7)
-
(145.7)
Net Interest Income ............................. 
81.6
2.3
4.6
37.2
125.6
-
125.6
Net Fee and Commission Income ..........
1.5
12.3
23.4
(1.0)
36.2
-
36.2
Dividends .............................................. 
-
-
-
6.7
6.7
-
6.7
Gains/Losses on Trading .......................
-
-
-
(5.3)
(5.3)
-
(5.3)
Fair value adjustments in hedge 
accounting .........................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains/losses on disposal/repurchase of ..
-
-
-
19.7
19.7
-
19.7
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost .................................................... 
-
-
-
19.8
19.8
-
19.8

--- Page 185 ---
184 
 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 2023 
Factoring 
and Lending
Securities 
Services 
Payments 
Corporate 
Centre 
Adjusted 
Adjustments
Reported 
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ...................................... 
-
-
-
(0.1)
(0.1)
-
(0.1)
c) financial liabilities ............................. 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains (losses) on other financial assets 
and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss ......................... 
-
-
-
(0.4)
(0.4)
-
(0.4)
a) financial assets and liabilities 
designated at fair value ...................... 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
b) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value........................
-
-
-
(0.4)
(0.4)
-
(0.4)
Net Banking Income ............................ 
83.1
14.6
28.0
56.8
182.6
-
182.6
Net adjustments/reversals of impairment 
for credit risk concerning:..................
(1.8)
-
-
(0.1)
(1.9)
-
(1.9)
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost .................................................... 
(1.8)
-
-
(0.1)
(1.9)
-
(1.9)
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ......................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Administrative and Personnel Expenses
(21.9)
(10.1)
(16.0)
(35.6)
(83.6)
(6.2)
(89.8)
Net provisions for risks and charges ...... 
0.1
-
0.4
(0.1)
0.4
-
0.4
a) commitments and guarantees provided
 .......................................................... 
(0.1)
-
-
-
(0.1)
-
(0.1)
b) other net allocations .......................... 
0.2
-
0.4
(0.1)
0.5
-
0.5
Net Adjustments to/ Writebacks on 
Property, Plan and Equipment and 
Intangible Assets ............................... 
(0.7)
(0.3)
(0.4)
(3.0)
(4.4)
(1.9)
(6.3)
Other Operating Income (Expenses) ...... 
12.7
0.0
5.8
0.8
19.3
-
19.3
Gains (Losses) on equity investments .... 
0.1
-
-
(0.5)
(0.4)
-
(0.4)
Profit Before Income Taxes from 
Continuing Operations .................... 
71.7
4.2
17.8
18.3
112.0
(8.1)
103.9
Income Taxes ........................................ 
(30.1)
2.3
(27.8)
Net Income ........................................... 
81.9
(5.8)
76.1
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 
Factoring 
and Lending
Securities 
Services 
Payments 
Corporate 
Centre 
Adjusted 
Adjustments
Reported 
Interest Income.................................... 
397.8
3.5
10.0
218.0
629.4
-
629.4
Interest Expenses...................................
(205.4)
-
-
(139.9)
(345.3)
-
(345.3)
Net Interest Income ............................. 
192.5
3.5
10.0
78.2
284.2
-
284.2
Net Fee and Commission Income ..........
3.2
23.0
51.7
(2.8)
75.2
-
75.2
Dividends .............................................. 
-
-
-
8.9
8.9
-
8.9
Gains/Losses on Trading .......................
9.9
-
-
(9.6)
0.3
-
0.3
Fair value adjustments in hedge 
accounting .........................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains/losses on disposal/repurchase of ..
-
-
-
21.9
21.9
-
21.9
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost .................................................... 
-
-
-
22.0
22.0
-
22.0
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ...................................... 
-
-
-
(0.1)
(0.1)
-
(0.1)
c) financial liabilities ............................. 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains (losses) on other financial assets 
and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss ......................... 
(0.4)
-
-
2.2
1.8
-
1.8
a) financial assets and liabilities 
designated at fair value ..................... 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
b) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value .......................
(0.4)
-
-
2.2
1.8
-
1.8
Net Banking Income ............................ 
205.3
26.5
61.7
98.8
392.2
-
392.2
Net adjustments/reversals of impairment 
for credit risk concerning:..................
(3.8)
-
-
(1.1)
(4.9)
-
(4.9)
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost....................................................
(3.8)
-
-
(1.1)
(4.9)
-
(4.9)
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ......................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Administrative and Personnel Expenses
(45.1)
(20.2)
(32.1)
(71.7)
(169.1)
(11.0)
(180.1)

--- Page 186 ---
185 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 
Factoring 
and Lending
Securities 
Services 
Payments 
Corporate 
Centre 
Adjusted 
Adjustments
Reported 
Net provisions for risks and charges ...... 
(3.9)
-
-
0.3
(3.7)
-
(3.7)
a) commitments and guarantees provided
 .......................................................... 
(0.3)
-
-
-
(0.3)
-
(0.3)
b) other net allocations .......................... 
(3.6)
-
-
0.3
(3.4)
-
(3.4)
Net Adjustments to/ Writebacks on 
Property, Plan and Equipment and 
Intangible Assets ............................... 
(1.5)
(0.7)
(1.0)
(6.1)
(9.2)
(3.8)
(13.1)
Other Operating Income (Expenses) ...... 
26.7
0.6
11.4
6.2
44.8
-
44.8
Gains (Losses) on equity investments .... 
0.2
-
-
(0.5)
(0.3)
-
(0.3)
Profit Before Income Taxes from 
Continuing Operations .................... 
177.8
6.3
40.0
25.7
249.8
(14.8)
235.0
Income Taxes ........................................ 
(66.6)
3.3
(63.3)
Net Income ........................................... 
183.2
(11.5)
171.7
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
Factoring 
and Lending
Securities 
Services 
Payments 
Corporate 
Centre 
Adjusted 
Adjustments
Reported 
Interest Income.................................... 
247.4
8.8
6.6
62.7
325.5
29.3
354.8
Interest Expenses...................................
(93.6)
-
-
0.6
(93.0)
-
(93.0)
Net Interest Income ............................. 
153.7
8.8
6.6
63.3
232.5
29.3
261.8
Net Fee and Commission Income ..........
3.5
42.4
45.4
(0.8)
90.7
-
90.7
Dividends .............................................. 
-
-
-
9.8
9.8
-
9.8
Gains/Losses on Trading .......................
-
-
-
10.2
10.2
2.4
12.6
Fair value adjustments in hedge 
accounting .........................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains/losses on disposal/repurchase of ..
-
-
-
0.2
0.2
-
0.2
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost .................................................... 
-
-
-
0.2
0.2
-
0.2
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ...................................... 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
c) financial liabilities ............................. 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Gains (losses) on other financial assets 
and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss ......................... 
-
-
-
5.2
5.2
-
5.2
a) financial assets and liabilities 
designated at fair value ..................... 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
b) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value .......................
-
-
-
5.2
5.2
-
5.2
Net Banking Income ............................ 
157.3
51.3
52.0
87.9
348.5
31.8
380.2
Net adjustments/reversals of impairment 
for credit risk concerning:..................
(5.9)
-
-
0.0
(5.9)
-
(5.9)
a) financial assets measured at amortized 
cost....................................................
(5.9)
-
-
0.0
(5.9)
-
(5.9)
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through OCI ......................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Administrative and Personnel Expenses
(42.4)
(24.5)
(31.8)
(60.7)
(159.5)
(11.1)
(170.6)
Net provisions for risks and charges ...... 
(0.5)
-
-
-
(0.5)
(10.0)
(10.5)
a) commitments and guarantees provided
 .......................................................... 
0.1
-
-
-
0.1
-
0.1
b) other net allocations .......................... 
(0.6)
-
-
-
(0.6)
(10.0)
(10.6)
Net Adjustments to/ Writebacks on 
Property, Plan and Equipment and 
Intangible Assets ............................... 
(1.4)
(0.2)
(0.2)
(6.2)
(8.1)
(4.6)
(12.6)
Other Operating Income (Expenses) ...... 
12.8
1.2
11.3
5.3
30.7
119.7
150.4
Gains (Losses) on equity investments .... 
0.1
-
-
0.2
0.3
-
0.3
Profit Before Income Taxes from 
Continuing Operations .................... 
120.0
27.8
31.3
26.4
205.4
125.8
331.2
Income Taxes ........................................ 
(59.4)
(39.8)
(99.2)
Net Income ........................................... 
146.0
86.0
232.0

--- Page 187 ---
186 
 
Prudential Requirements 
The table below sets forth our own funds and prudential requirements as of 30 June 2024 and as of 31 
December 2023 and 2022. 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022
 
(in € thousands, except percentages) 
 
Non 
weighted 
amounts 
weighted 
amounts 
/ 
requirem
ents
Non 
weighted 
amounts  
weighted 
amounts / 
requiremen
ts  
Non 
weighted 
amounts 
weighted 
amounts 
/ 
require
ments
Risk Assets
Credit and counterparty risk...........................
Standardized methodology..................................
12,152,231 
4,230,256 
11,989,854
2,284,715
13,070,543
2,002,71
6
Methodology based on internal ratings ...............
Basic....................................................................
Advanced .............................................................
Securitizations.....................................................
5,368
6,175
Regulatory Capital Requirements
 
 
Credit and counterparty risk...........................
338,915
182,777
160,217
Credit valuation adjustment risk.....................
23
21
25
Settlement risks.................................................
Market risks......................................................
626
568
Standard methodology ........................................
626
568
Internal models ...................................................
Concentration risk...............................................
Operational risk................................................
Basic approach....................................................
62,754
62,754
58,933
Standardized methodology ..................................
 
 
Advanced method ...............................................
 
 
Other calculation factors..................................
 
 
Total prudential requirements
402,318
246,121
219,176
Risk Assets And Regulatory Ratios
 
 
Risk-weighted assets...........................................
 
5,028,974
3,076,507
2,739,70
1
CET 1/Risk-weighted assets (CET1 capital 
ratio) (%)...........................................................
11.9%
14.20%
16.86%
Tier 1 Capital/Risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 
capital ratio) (%)
14.8%
19.08%
22.33%
Total Own Funds/Risk-weighted assets 
(Total capital ratio) (%) ...................................
14.8%
19.08%
22.33%
 
Credit Quality 
In accordance with Bank of Italy requirements, we perform impairment testing on our receivables 
portfolio and classify receivables as either “performing” or “non performing exposures”. Exposures with 
a risk of loss are classified as non-performing exposures, while all other exposures are classified as 
performing. 
Non-performing exposures are divided into the following categories: (i) non performing loans; (ii) 
unlikely to pay positions; and (iii) impaired past due exposures. The definitions of these categories are as 
follows: 
(i) 
Non performing loans. These are exposures to parties that are in a state of insolvency or in 
basically similar situations, regardless of any loss projections recognized by the Group. At 31 
December 2023, the total non-performing loans of the Group, net of impairment, amounted to 
€99.8 million. Among these non-performing exposures, €92.6 million (92.8% of the total) 
concerned regional authorities in financial distress. Gross non-performing loans amounted to 
€120.9 million and related adjustments amounted to €21.1 million. Please note that, as for the

--- Page 188 ---
187 
 
exposures to local authorities (municipalities and provincial governments), in accordance with 
the Bank of Italy Circular no. 272 the portion subject to the relevant settlement procedure, the 
claims included in OSL's liabilities, are classified as non-performing, even though all claims can 
be collected under the law at the end of the insolvency procedure. 
(ii) 
Unlikely to pay positions. unlikely to pay positions reflect the judgment made by the 
intermediary about the unlikelihood, excluding such actions as the enforcement of guarantees, 
that the payor is unlikely to repay (for principal and/or interest) its credit obligations. This 
assessment should be arrived at independently of the existence of any past due and unpaid 
amounts (or installments). Therefore, it is not necessary to wait for an explicit sign of anomaly 
(e.g., failure to repay) when there are factors that signal a default risk situation for the debtor. At 
31 December 2023, gross exposures classified as unlikely to pay totaled €19.1 million and related 
adjustments amounted to €5.4 million, a net amount of €13.7 million. 
(iii) 
impaired past due exposures. Impaired past due exposures consist of positions vis-à-vis entities 
with a past-due situation, where the overall amount of past-due and/or overdue exposures has 
been higher than, for at least 90 consecutive days, (i) the relative materiality threshold (relative 
limit of 1% given by the ratio between the total past-due and/or overdue amount and the total 
amount of all credit exposures to the same debtor) and (ii) the absolute materiality threshold 
(absolute limit equal to €100 for retail exposures and €500 for non-retail exposures). With 
reference to the assigned debtors of the Public Administration with regard to non-recourse 
factoring transactions, the count of 90 consecutive days past due generally begins from the 181st 
day past due from the due date of the assigned invoice. At 31 December 2023, total net past due 
exposures amounted to €219.9 million for the entire Group. The Group’s gross exposures totaled 
€221.2 million and relevant adjustments amounted to around €1.3 million. The increase in the 
level of impaired past due exposures compared to 31 December 2022 is not symptomatic of an 
increase in the portfolio's actual credit risk profile. 
The table below shows the amount of loans and receivables with customers, with an indication of any 
adjustment, broken down into “Performing exposures” and “Impaired assets” as of 30 June 2024 and as of 
31 December 2023 and 2022. For additional information on the increase of impaired exposures as of June 
30, 2024, see “Description of the Issuer and the Group – Legal Proceedings and Investigations – Bank of 
Italy’s inspection and compliance findings”. 
 
 
As of 30 June 2024 
 
Gross amount 
Impairment 
losses/ gains 
Net value 
 
(in € thousands) 
Purchased performing impaired exposures 
(Stage 3)..................................................................................
1,842,498
(31,437)
1,811,061
Purchased non-performing impaired 
exposures (Stage 3).................................................................
3,299
(198)
3,101
Performing exposures (Stage 1 and 2) ....................................
3,510,005
(1,291)
3,508,714
Total .......................................................................................
5,355,803 
(39,926) 
5,322,877 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Gross amount 
Impairment 
losses/ gains 
Net value 
 
(in € thousands) 
Purchased performing impaired exposures 
(Stage 3)..................................................................................
355,498
(27,668)
327,831
Purchased non-performing impaired 
exposures (Stage 3).................................................................
5,785
(201)
5,584

--- Page 189 ---
188 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Gross amount 
Impairment 
losses/ gains 
Net value 
 
Performing exposures (Stage 1 and 2) ....................................
4,923,350
(1,682)
4,921,668
Total .......................................................................................
5,284,634 
(29,551) 
5,255,083 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Gross amount 
Impairment 
losses/ gains 
Net value 
 
(in € thousands) 
Purchased performing impaired exposures 
(Stage 3)..................................................................................
301,329
(23,240)
278,090
Purchased non-performing impaired 
exposures (Stage 3).................................................................
5,678
(6)
5,672
Performing exposures (Stage 1 and 2) ....................................
5,005,907
(1,249)
5,004,658
Total .......................................................................................
5,312,914 
(24,495) 
5,288,419 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains the following alternative performance measures as defined by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
(ESMA/2015/1415), (“APMs”) which are used by our management to monitor our financial and 
operating performance.  
With reference to the interpretation of these APMs, the Issuer draws attention to the matters illustrated 
below: 
 
these indicators are constructed exclusively from BFF Group’s historical data and are not indicative 
of our future performance; 
 
the APMs are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer’s Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements and Unaudited Half-Yearly Consolidated Financial Reports, are not audited; 
 
these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS 
and are not indicative of the Issuer’s historical operating results, nor are they meant to be predictive 
of future results; 
 
reading of these APMs should be carried out together with the Issuer's financial information from the 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Unaudited Half-Yearly Consolidated Financial 
Reports;  
 
it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APMs in the same manner, these are not 
always comparable to measurements used by other companies. 
Any examination by investors of the Non-IFRS without considering the above limitations may create a 
misunderstanding of the Issuer’s business, capital and financial condition and results of operations and 
lead to incorrect, inappropriate or inadequate investment decisions. Therefore, investors should not place 
undue reliance on this data. 
APMs used by the Issuer are processed with continuity and consistency of definition and representation 
for all periods for which financial information included in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 190 ---
189 
 
This type of key metrics is used by management to assess financial performance. These metrics are not a 
measurement of our financial performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to 
total comprehensive income/(loss) or other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS, or as 
alternatives to cash flow from operating activities as measures of liquidity. These amounts have not been 
audited or reviewed by any independent auditors.  
The tables below set forth certain key economic, operating and financial indicators for the indicated 
periods. 
As of and for the six 
months ended 30 June  
As of and for the year 
ended 31 December  
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
(in € million, except percentage)
Provisions for late payment interest
916
823
869
756
Of which off-balance sheet
380
441
474
410
Debt Collection Indemnity provision
253
251
264
240
Of which off-balance sheet
87
126
132
120
Adjusted Net Profit
71.0
81.9
183.2
146.0
Custodian Bank (AuD)
64,202
52,395
58,842
49,524
Global Custody (AuC)
119,065
169,859
111,343
153,065
Loan Portfolio
5,612
5,252
5,617
5,442
Number of Transactions (#operations/mln)
444
359
767
675
Off-balance sheet reserves and Late Payment 
Interest
467
566
606
530
Adjusted Net Profit 
The following table sets forth the breakdown of the calculation of the Adjusted Net Profit shown in the 
table above for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 and for the six- month period ended 30 June 
2024 and 2023. 
For the six-month 
period ended June 
30, 
For the year 
ended December 
31, 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
(in € millions)
Reported Net Profit 
161.8
76.1
171.7
232.0
Exchange rates movement (offset at the comprehensive income and 
equity level)
-
-
-
(1.7)
Stock Options & Stock Grant plans
2.5
0.5
2.4
3.3
Transaction/restructuring costs/M&A(1)
0.7
2.6
3.0
3.9
Extraordinary Resolution Fund contribution and FITD
-
-
1.2
0.5
Extraordinary Tax Items
-
-
1.3
4.9
Group CEO settlement agreement
(0.6)
1.8
1.7
-
Customer contract amortisation
0.9
0.9
1.9
3.1
Change in assets value, including LPI and “Recovery cost”
(94.3)
-
-
(100.1)
Adjusted Net Profit 
71.0
81.9
183.2
146.0
 
Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned the following ratings by Moody’s 
France SAS (“Moody’s”): (a) long term issuer rating: Ba2 (under review for downgrade); (b) long-term 
bank deposit rating: Baa3 (under review for downgrade); (c) short-term bank deposit rating: P-3 (under 
review for downgrade); and (d) baseline credit assessment (BCA): Ba2 (under review for downgrade). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus (and following the Bank of Italy’s Inspection), the Issuer has been 
assigned the following ratings by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS Morningstar”): (a) long term issuer 
rating: BB (high) (stable outlook); (b) short term issuer rating: R-3 (stable outlook); (c) long term senior 
debt: BB (high) (stable outlook); (d) short term debt: R-3 (stable outlook); (e) long term deposits: BBB 
(low) (stable outlook); and (f) short term deposits: R-2 (middle) (stable outlook).

--- Page 191 ---
190 
 
Each of Moody’s and DBRS Morningstar is regulated under the Regulation No. 1060/2009/EC of the 
European Parliament and the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies.

--- Page 192 ---
191 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Overview 
BFF Bank S.p.A. (“BFF”, the “Issuer”, “us” or “we”, and together with its subsidiaries the “BFF 
Banking Group” or the “Group”), (formerly Banca Farmafactoring S.p.A.) specializes in: 
(i) 
the management, collection and non-recourse factoring of receivables owed to third party 
suppliers primarily by the agencies of national healthcare systems and other public administration 
entities (“Factoring and Lending”). Our Factoring and Lending operations consist of: (a) credit 
collection management (“Credit Collection Management”) and (b) non-recourse factoring 
(“Non-Recourse Factoring”); 
(ii) 
the provision of securities services to banks, asset managers, pension funds, mutual funds and 
alternative investments funds (inter alia, depositary bank, fund accounting, transfer agent and 
global custody) (“Securities Services”); and 
(iii) 
the performance of payments services in favour of banks and companies (inter alia, payments 
processing, cheques and bills) (“Payment Services”). 
The Group has started its Securities Services and Payment Services operations following the acquisition 
of DEPObank – Banca Depositaria Italiana S.p.A. (“DEPObank”) and its subsequent merger into BFF 
(the “DEPObank’s Acquisition”). For additional information on DEPObank’s Acquisition, see “ – Our 
History and Development – DEPObank’s Acquisition” below. 
With respect to Securities Services and Payment Services, we operate only in Italy. 
The Issuer is incorporated and operates under the laws of Italy, and is registered with the Milan Monza 
Brianza Lodi Chamber of Commerce under registration number 07960110158, with its registered office at 
Via Domenichino, 5, 20149 Milan, Italy. The Issuer is also on the register of banks (albo delle banche) 
held by the Bank of Italy under registration number 5000 and on the register of banking groups (registro 
dei gruppi bancari) under registration number 5000. The Issuer’s by-laws specify that the period of the 
Issuer’s duration expires on 31 December 2100 and may be extended at an extraordinary meeting of the 
shareholders. The telephone number of the Issuer’s registered office is +39 02 499 051. 
The following table sets forth the main indicators of our business volumes and the financial solidity as of 
and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 and the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022. 
 
As of 30 
June 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
 
(in € millions, except percentages) 
Loan portfolio..........................................................................
5,612
5,617
5,442
Government securities HTC....................................................
4,951
4,957
6,129
Transaction services Deposits .................................................
(5,461)
(6,381)
(5,916)
Online Deposits.......................................................................
(2,652)
(2,744)
(1,283)
Net profit for the period...........................................................
161.8
171.7
232.0
Common Equity Tier 1/RWA (CET1 capital ratio).................
11.9%
14.20%
16.86%
Total Capital Ratio ..................................................................
14.8%
19.08%
22.33%
 
Factoring and Lending 
We operate in Italy, Croatia, France, Greece, Spain and Portugal by providing non-recourse factoring and 
credit management activities with respect to the public administration, and in Poland, the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia by offering a diversified range of financial services designed for ensuring access to credit as 
well as providing liquidity and solvency support to the private system of companies liaising with the 
public administration.

--- Page 193 ---
192 
 
We have been operating in the Italian factoring market since 1985 and we are one of the leading operators 
in the Italian factoring market for non-recourse factoring of receivables owed by the public 
administration, and especially local governments and the Italian National Health Service. In over thirty-
five years of activity, we have become a major business partner for suppliers to the national healthcare 
system (including pharmaceutical, diagnostics and biomedical sectors) and the public administration 
entities offering working capital solutions to address public payment delays in Italy. We have established 
and developed relationships with the largest debtors and creditors in the healthcare sector and more 
recently in public administration, through which we have acquired an extensive knowledge of the market 
and have established full geographical coverage in Italy. 
Our Credit Collection Management business in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece consists of the 
management of the recovery and collection of receivables mainly owed to suppliers by national 
healthcare systems and/or public administration entities (“Suppliers”), including the management of 
administrative issues and credit collection actions, both in court and out of court, and other ancillary 
services such as electronic invoicing and credit certification in Italy. Our income in this segment derives 
primarily from: (i) invoice loading fees and (ii) collection of commission. As of 31 December 2023, we 
managed €3.5 billion in new receivables due from customers. 
As part of our Non-Recourse Factoring business in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece, Croatia and France, we 
purchase the principal amount and interest component (including late payment interest and ancillary 
income) of receivables mainly owed to Suppliers and we manage their collection for ourselves as 
principal. The receivables we acquire are generally overdue and bear late payment interest, the amount of 
which is regulated by European Union law. Our income in this segment derives primarily from: (i) 
maturity commission; (ii) late payment interest; and (iii) lump-sum indemnity for payment collection. In 
addition, we operate in Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic in the alternative financing market 
(“AFM”), which offers a diversified range of financial services (mainly lending), aimed at guaranteeing 
access to short-term funding for suppliers to the healthcare sector and local authorities, as well as 
providing funding for parties operating in the healthcare and public authority sectors. We operate 
primarily in three sectors: (i) financing of suppliers’ operating capital, (ii) financing of current and future 
receivables, and (iii) financing of investments in the public and health sectors. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, we purchased new receivables and disbursed loan for an aggregate 
amount of €8,114 million (of which €4,889 million was in Italy, €1,758 million was in Spain, €642 
million was in Poland, €534 million was in Portugal, €190 million was in Greece and €100 million in 
France, Slovakia and the Czech Republic). 
As of 31 December 2023, the Factoring and Lending loan portfolio was equal to €5.6 billion, up by 3.2% 
compared to 31 December 2022. In particular, at the end of 2023, the Factoring and Lending loan 
portfolio was equal to €3,448 million in Italy, €599 million in Spain, €919 million in Poland, €245 
million in Slovakia, €223 million in Portugal, €166 million in Greece and €17 million in France and the 
Czech Republic. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Factoring and Lending loan portfolio was equal to €5.6 billion, substantially in 
line with the loan portfolio at 31 December 2023. In particular, as of 30 June 2024, the Factoring and 
Lending loan portfolio was equal to €3,429 million in Italy, €482 million in Spain, €976 million in 
Poland, €248 million in Slovakia, €248 million in Portugal, €213 million in Greece and €18 million in 
other countries. 
Securities Services 
Following DEPObank’s Acquisition, BFF has become the leading independent player in Italy in the field 
of depositary bank, custodian banking, fund accounting and transfer agent. We generate revenues within 
our Securities Services operations through (i) interest accrued on liquidity deposited at our custodian 
activities and (ii) fees calculated on the basis of the assets under deposit, management or custody and the 
number of transactions settled through our services. 
For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, our Securities Services operations generated €23.0 
million and €42.4 million, respectively, in net fee and commission income. The reduction in fees and 
commission income was primarily due to the loss of a major customer; excluding the portion of fees 
accrued in 2022 in relation to such customer, the Group’s Securities Services operations registered a 3% 
increase in fees and commission income in 2023 as compared to 2022.  For the years ended 31 December

--- Page 194 ---
193 
 
2023 and 2022, our Securities Services operations generated €23.6 million and €43.6 million, 
respectively, in total net revenue (as the sum of net fee and commission income and other operating 
income (expenses)) (“Total Net Revenue”). 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, our Securities Services operations generated €11.8 
million and €12.3 million, respectively, in net fee and commission income and €11.8 million and €12.4 
million, respectively, in Total Net Revenue. 
Payment Services 
Through DEPObank’s Acquisition, the Group became the first independent operator in Italy in the field 
of processing services dedicated to payment service providers (“PSPs”) such as banks, payment 
institutions and electronic money institutions, and in structured collection and payment services for 
companies and the public sector. We generate revenues within our Payment Services operations through 
(i) interest accrued on liquidity deposited at our Group for the purpose of settling payments and (ii) fees 
calculated on the basis of the number of transactions settled through our services. 
For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, our Payment Services operations generated €51.7 
million and €45.4 million, respectively, in net fee and commission income and €63.1 million €56.7 
million, respectively, in Total Net Revenue. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, our Payment Services operations generated €26.6 
million and €23.4 million, respectively, in net fee and commission income and €32.5 million and €29.2 
million, respectively, in Total Net Revenue. 
Our Business Strategy 
On 27 June 2023, the Board of Directors approved the five-year BFF strategic plan from 2023 to 2028 
(“Strategic Plan”). The following are the goals underpinning our Strategic Plan: 
 
develop the Group’s market leading core businesses: 
o 
Factoring and Lending, by developing its role as the largest acquirer of government 
receivables in Europe in a growing and underpenetrated market, by (a) strongly 
growing its customer footprint in existing and new markets, also by opening a French 
branch, and (b) entrenching its operational competitive advantage also through the new 
Factoring IT system and further efficiencies in legal collection activities; 
o 
Transaction Services, by further strengthening its role of “second level bank”, while 
generating steady revenues and ample operational deposits to the Group, by leveraging 
on (a) its role as the leading independent Italian payment intermediary for banks and 
payment service providers, capitalising on the shift to electronic payments, and (b) the 
fact it is the only Italian bank providing the entire spectrum of customized securities 
and depositary bank services to domestic banks an asset managers, in a secular growth 
market; 
 
invest further in the Group’s operating infrastructure to support growth opportunities, managing 
operational risks and extracting further efficiencies; 
 
continue to provide opportunities for growth and development to the Group’s personnel, 
maintaining a strong alignment of incentives with its stakeholders; 
 
further optimise funding and capital; 
 
provide market leading capital and dividend returns to the shareholders, with capital above (a) 
12% of our CET1 ratio and (b) as long as requested by our regulators, 15% of total capital ratio 
paid out to shareholders; 
 
minimise the risk profile of its portfolio, efficiently managing past due exposures and calendar 
provisioning;

--- Page 195 ---
194 
 
 
further increase the Group’s positive social, environmental and stakeholder impact, together with 
net zero targets and a doubling of investments in social impact initiatives. 
The Issuer has identified the following growth opportunities in respect to each business unit: 
Factoring and Lending 
 
leverage on growth expected from (a) public expenditure and investments’ secular growth, (b) 
growth in customer base, thanks to Issuer’s entrenched competitive advantage in a market 
underpinned by legislative initiative on late payments, and (c) international expansion in new 
geographies; 
Securities Services 
 
take advantage of a new regulation requiring “casse previdenziali” (social security schemes) to 
appoint a depositary bank; 
 
increase penetration among alternative investment funds; 
 
full roll-out of value-added services;  
Payment Services 
 
take advantage from progressive increase of Italian digital payments penetration to the level 
experienced in other European countries and from the Italian “National Recovery and Resilience 
Plan” related new regulations and new technologies, counterbalanced by fee reductions. 
Our History and Development 
History 
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 July 1985 under the name “Farmafactoring S.p.A.” by Confarma 
S.p.A. (“Confarma”) (a consortium of pharmaceutical companies), B.N.L. Holding S.p.A. (“BNL“) and 
International Factors Italia S.p.A. (“Ifitalia“), in order to manage and collect the receivables owed by the 
Italian national health system to pharmaceutical companies. 
In 1990, we started to carry out non-recourse factoring services alongside the management and collection 
of receivables. In 1992, we began operating as an authorised financial intermediary and were included in 
the special register of the Bank of Italy and in 1994 we were also registered in the general list of the Bank 
of Italy. 
In 2004, we founded the Fondazione Farmafactoring with the aim of improving public knowledge of 
socioeconomic and financial issues in relation to social welfare, with a particular focus on the health 
service system. 
In December 2006 and January 2007 the private equity fund Apax Europe VI, managed by Apax Partners, 
purchased a controlling stake in Confarma and the remaining stakes in our share capital held by other 
minority shareholders and became our indirect controlling shareholder through a newly incorporated 
company, FF Holding S.p.A. (“FFH”), controlled by Farma Holding S.à r.l. (“Farma Holding”). 
On 10 December 2009 we incorporated, and became the sole shareholder of Farmafactoring España S.A. 
(now BFF Finance Iberia). 
In 2011, to respond to the needs of certain multinational companies that already formed part of our client 
base in Italy, we started providing Credit Collection Management and Non-Recourse Factoring services 
in Spain through BFF Finance Iberia. In respect of receivables owed by the Spanish national healthcare 
system and the Spanish public administration. 
On 2 January 2013, we were authorised by the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities. Shortly 
thereafter, on 3 July 2013, we changed our corporate purpose and changed our name to Banca 
Farmafactoring S.p.A. and were registered as Banca Farmafactoring in the register of banks (albo delle 
banche) held by the Bank of Italy, as well as in the register of banking groups (registro dei gruppi

--- Page 196 ---
195 
 
bancari) as parent company of the Banking Group and we became a bank. At the same time, on 2 
July 2013, we were removed from the list of financial intermediaries held by the Bank of Italy. 
In 2014, we started to provide factoring services in Portugal where our business is carried out under the 
EU regime regarding freedom to provide services (following the filing of an application with the Bank of 
Italy). 
In September 2014, we launched our “Conto Facto” term deposit account service in Italy. This was the 
first retail product created to diversify our funding sources for the purchase of receivables within our 
Non-Recourse Factoring business and to minimise overall funding costs. On 3 November 2014, we 
applied to the Bank of Italy for the authorization to open a branch in Spain, in order to introduce a deposit 
called “Cuenta Facto” also in the Spanish market, following the model of the “Conto Facto“ term deposit 
account in Italy. 
In 2015, we also expanded our Non-Recourse Factoring business to receivables owed by the Italian tax 
authorities. In February 2015, we received the Bank of Spain’s authorization to open a branch in Spain 
and subsequently, in August 2015, we launched the “Cuenta Facto” term deposit account in Spain. 
In April 2015, the funds advised by Apax Partners and other shareholders agreed to sell their stake in the 
Issuer to an affiliate of Centerbridge Partners L.P. (“Centerbridge Partners”). The transaction was 
finalised in November 2015 when 94.26% of our share capital was transferred by Farma Holding to BFF 
Luxembourg, indirectly controlled by the private equity fund Centerbridge Capital Partners III (PEI) L.P. 
In March 2016, we informed the Bank of Italy of our intention to offer banking services in Germany and 
in June 2016, we launched the collection of savings in Germany through the platform Welstparen.de, 
using our Spanish branch. On the German market, we provide the “Cuenta Facto” term deposit account 
service, which allows German customers to access term deposit accounts offered by foreign banks not 
established in Germany. 
On 30 June 2016, we completed the acquisition, through the vehicle Mediona spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością (“Mediona”), of the entire share capital of Magellan, the parent company of a group 
operating in Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic. 
Subsequently, in line with our organic group strategy, in February 2017, we submitted our first filing with 
the Bank of Italy to offer factoring services in Greece. We obtained the relevant authorization by the 
Bank of Italy on 28 March 2017 and in September 2017 we completed our first acquisition of a portfolio 
of receivables owed by public hospitals in Greece. 
On 5 April 2017 we announced the conclusion of the placement to institutional investors of our ordinary 
shares and their admission to trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario, organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. The placement comprised 53,000,000 ordinary shares offered for sale by BFF 
Luxembourg, equal to 31.16% of the share capital (excluding the exercise of the green-shoe option). 
Trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario started on 7 April 2017. 
In October 2017, we submitted a filing with the Bank of Italy to open a branch in Portugal and expand our 
offer of factoring services. In July 2018, the branch officially began operations. 
In January 2018, the Bank of Croatia was notified of our intention to carry out non-recourse factoring 
activities in the country. During the month of June 2018, set-up operations were completed for the 
processes, systems and contracts as required, in order to be ready for the launch of initial operations on 
the Croatian market. 
In August 2019, after receiving the Bank of Italy’s approval, we began operations in France on a freedom 
of services basis and completed the first non-recourse purchase of receivables due from the national 
healthcare system. 
In September 2019, after receiving the Polish financial supervision authority’s approval, we opened a 
branch in Poland and launched Facto, our on-line term deposit in Poland. 
In September and at the beginning of October 2019, we started operations for the collection of online 
deposits in the Netherlands and Ireland, respectively, after receiving the relevant authorisations from the 
Bank of Italy and the Bank of Spain.

--- Page 197 ---
196 
 
In 2019 we started operating in Greece under the freedom of services on a cross-border basis, while in 
September 2020 we established our first branch in Athens. 
DEPObank’s Acquisition 
On 13 May 2020, we announced the signing of a binding agreement for the acquisition of DEPObank 
(“DEPObank”) from Equinova UK Hold.Co. Limited (“Equinova”) and the subsequent merger by 
incorporation of the latter into BFF, with the aim of creating the first independent operator in Italy in the 
specialty finance sector, giving further impetus to the activities of DEPObank and strengthening the 
availability of funding and capital to serve the traditional customers of BFF. 
On 5 March 2021, BFF announced the effectiveness of the merger by incorporation of DEPObank in 
BFF, which has issued 14,043,704 new BFF ordinary shares, assigned to Equinova, on the basis of the 
exchange ratio of 4.2233377 BFF shares for each DEPObank share (the “Conversion Shares”). At the 
time of such capital increase, Equinova held 7.6% of BFF’s share capital. The Conversion Shares have 
not an expressed par value, have regular dividend rights, are freely transferable and fungible with the BFF 
shares already listed on the Italian Stock Exchange. In addition, DEPObank’s businesses in the Payment 
Services and Securities Services sectors have been integrated as a division within BFF. 
Furthermore, with effect from the merger, which took place on 5 March 2021, Banca Farmafactoring 
S.p.A. changed its corporate name to “BFF Bank S.p.A.”, while the name of the related banking group 
remains “BFF Banking Group”. 
New headquarters 
On 2 February 2022, BFF announced the agreement with Fondazione Fiera Milano for the acquisition of 
the area where the Bank's new headquarters will be built. 
The building is expected to be completed by the end of 2024 and will accommodate the more than 500 
employees currently working in three different premises in Milan. The new headquarters, which will be 
called “Casa BFF”, is part of a process of progressive renovation of the Group’s premises, as has already 
been done for the offices in Madrid in 2020 and in Łódź, Poland, in 2019. 
In preparation for the execution of the project, on 19 January 2022, the Issuer established a new 
subsidiary, BFF Immobiliare S.r.l. for the purpose of managing the development and enhancement of 
Casa BFF and, in the future, all of the Group’s owned real estate assets. 
Accelerated Bookbuilding of the Issuer’s shares 
On 9 March 2022, following the conclusion of an accelerated bookbuilding transaction on approximately 
14 million ordinary shares of BFF held by Equinova, BFF’s free float reached nearly 100% of the share 
capital, thus making BFF one of the few Italian listed companies with a broad shareholder base. For 
additional information on the current shareholding structure of the Issuer, see “Shareholders, share 
capital, dividend policy and subsidiaries – Shareholders” below. 
MC3 Informatica S.r.l.’s acquisition  
 
On October 3, 2022, BFF acquired MC3 Informatica S.r.l., which as of the same date changed its 
company name to BFF Techlab S.r.l. This new transaction gave rise to a laboratory for the Group’s 
technological innovation. The new subsidiary BFF Techlab was born from the acquisition by BFF Bank 
of 100% of the share capital of the IT consulting firm MC3 Informatica Srl, which supported BFF in the 
implementation of the current core factoring system and in the definition of other application 
architectures. 
 
Shareholders, share capital, dividend policy and subsidiaries 
Share Capital 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer had an authorised share capital of €143,946,902.25, fully subscribed 
and paid in, represented by 186,944,029 ordinary shares without nominal value and in dematerialised 
form.

--- Page 198 ---
197 
 
Shareholders 
As a result of an accelerated bookbuilding transaction, whereby approximately 14 million ordinary shares 
of BFF held by Equinova were sold on the market in March 2022 (see “Our History - Accelerated 
Bookbuilding of the Issuer’s shares”) the Bank’s free float reached nearly 100% of the share capital.  
The table below sets out the shareholders of the Issuer, as of 30 September 2024, including each 
shareholder’s percentage shareholding, based on communications pursuant to Article 120 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended: 
Name 
Percentage of share 
capital 
Free Float(1).....................................................................................................
93.74
Groups’ management(2) .................................................................................
6.05
Treasury shares...............................................................................................
0.21
Total ...............................................................................................................  
100.000 
 _______________  
Source: CONSOB and BFF internal records. Percentages are calculated on total issued shares as of 30 
September 2024. 
(1) 
 (i) As of 18 September 2023, Capital Research and Management Company held 5.2% of the 
Bank’s share capital; and (ii) as of 27 September 2024, JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. held 
3.2% of the Bank’s share capital. 
(2) 
As of 30 September 2024, pursuant to MAR rules, the Group’s CEO Massimiliano Belingheri and 
his closely associated persons held (directly or indirectly) 5.8% of the Bank’s share capital. The 
remaining management’s stake refers to BFF shares held by the 4 Vice Presidents in force as of that date, 
and by their respective closely associated persons. 
As of 10 March 2023, pursuant to rules governing the disclosure of major shareholdings, The Bali Trust 
held indirectly 4.8% of the Bank’s share capital. The Bali Trust is an irrevocable trust with Massimiliano 
Belingheri and his heirs as beneficiaries. 
Dividend policy 
The Issuer has adopted a dividend policy aimed at sustaining the growth of its business operations while 
returning excess capital to shareholders. Pursuant to such dividend policy, profits generated in each 
period are retained in order to maintain (a) the CET1 ratio at or above 12% and (b) as long as requested 
by our regulators, the Total Capital ratio at or above 15%, and only profits in excess of such thresholds 
are returned to shareholders, in any case subject to compliance with all the regulatory capital 
requirements applicable to the Group, with dividend payments occurring in August and April of each year, 
based on half-year and full-year results. Additionally, the Issuer’s dividend policy does not provide that a 
minimum dividend per share or pay-out ratio should be paid to shareholders each year. 
On 29 April 2024, following an inspection on the Issuer, the Bank of Italy ordered the Issuer, inter alia, to 
temporarily refrain from approving or implementing the distribution of profits or other reserves. As a 
result, the Issuer will not be able to distribute dividends until the Bank of Italy lifts such restriction. 
Subsidiaries 
The Issuer, which is the parent company of the Group, holds 100% of the share capital of BFF Finance 
Iberia S.A.U., 100% of the share capital of BFF Polska S.A., 100% of the share capital of BFF 
Immobiliare S.r.l. and 100% of the share capital of BFF Techlab S.r.l. BFF Polska S.A. is the parent 
company of (i) BFF Medfinance S.A., (ii) BFF Česká republika s.r.o., (iii) BFF Central Europe s.r.o., (iv) 
Kancelaria Prawnicza Karnowski I Wspólnik sp. k. and (v) DEBT-RNT sp z o.o. BFF Polska S.A.’s 
subsidiaries also include the following instrumental companies/funds: (i) Kancelaria Prawnicza 
Karnowski I Wspólnik Sp. K., with registered office in Łódź (Poland), set up as a limited partnership in 
which BFF Polska S.A. is a limited partner, a law firm whose main purpose is to manage the recovery of 
debts belonging to Polska S.A.; and (ii) Debt. Rnt Sp. Z O.O and Restrukturyzacyjna Kancelaria 
Prawnicza Karnowski I Wspólnik Sp.K., both established in 2015 with the purpose of managing 
problematic receivables pertaining to BFF Polska S.A., which were consequently transferred to them.

--- Page 199 ---
198 
 
The structure of our Group is as follows: 
 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, we are the parent company of the following companies: 
Company name 
Registered and 
operating office 
Relationshi
p Type(1) 
Ownership Relationship 
Voting rights 
%(2) 
Held by 
Holding 
% 
BFF Immobiliare S.r.l. 
Milan – Via 
Domenichino, 5 
1 
BFF Bank 
S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
BFF Techlab S.r.l. 
Brescia – Via C. Zima, 
4 
1 
BFF Bank 
S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
SPV Project 2214 
Milan – Corso Vittorio 
Emanuele II, 24/28 
4 
BFF Bank 
S.p.A. 
0% 
0% 
BFF 
Finance 
Iberia 
S.A.U. 
Madrid– Paseo de la 
Castellana, 81 
1 
BFF Bank 
S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
BFF Polska S.A. 
Łodz– Jana 
Kilińskiego, 66 
1 
BFF Bank 
S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
BFF Medfinance S.A. 
Łodz– Jana 
Kilińskiego, 66 
1 
BFF Polska 
S.A. 
100% 
100% 
BFF Česká republika 
s.r.o. 
Prague– Roztylská 
1860/1 
1 
BFF Polska 
S.A. 
100% 
100%

--- Page 200 ---
199 
 
Company name 
Registered and 
operating office 
Relationshi
p Type(1) 
Ownership Relationship 
Voting rights 
%(2) 
Held by 
Holding 
% 
BFF 
Central 
Europe 
s.r.o. 
Bratislava – Mostova, 
2 
1 
BFF Polska 
S.A. 
100% 
100% 
Debt-Rnt sp. Z O.O. 
Łodz– Jana 
Kilińskiego, 66 
1 
BFF Polska 
S.A. 
100% 
100% 
Komunalny 
Fundusz 
Inwestycyjng Zamknięty 
Warsaw–- Plac 
Dąbrowskiego, 1 
4 
BFF Polska 
S.A. 
100% 
100% 
MEDICO 
Niestandaryzowany 
Sekurytyzacyjny 
Fundusz 
Inwestycyjny 
Zamknięty 
Warsaw– Plac 
Dąbrowskiego, 1 
4 
BFF Polska 
S.A. 
100% 
100% 
Kancelaria 
Prawnicza 
Karnowski i Wspólnik 
sp.k. 
Łodz– Jana 
Kilińskiego, 66 
4 
BFF Polska 
S.A. 
99% 
99% 
Restrukturyzacyjna 
Kancelaria 
Prawnicza 
Karnowski i Wspolnik 
sp.k. 
Łodz– Jana 
Kilińskiego, 66 
4 
Debt-Rnt sp. Z 
O.O 
99% 
99% 
(1)  Type of relationship: 
1 = having the majority of voting rights at ordinary shareholders’ meetings 
2 = dominant influence at the ordinary shareholders’ meeting 
3 = arrangements with other shareholders 
4 = other forms of control 
(2) Voting rights at ordinary shareholders’ meetings, distinguishing between actual and potential voting 
rights or percentage of shares. 
 
Description of Business Activities by Segments 
Following DEPObank’s Acquisition, our operations are organised within three business units: 
 
Factoring & Lending; 
 
Securities Services; 
 
Payment Services. 
Our traditional Factoring and Lending operations fall within the Factoring, Lending and Credit 
Management department, while the Securities Services and Payment Services operations are grouped in 
the Transaction Services department. 
Our business activities are supported by our Corporate Center business unit, which incorporates all the 
staff and control functions, as well as our Technology and Processes Improvement and Finance and 
Administration departments.

--- Page 201 ---
200 
 
The chart below shows the main adjusted financial indicators of our business units for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 and the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
 
(in € millions) 
Factoring and Lending 
Net interest income..............................................................
85.1
81.6
192.5
153.7
Total net revenues ...............................................................
98.0
95.8
231.9
170.1
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations.............
68.0
71.7
177.8
120.0
Securities Services 
Net interest income..............................................................
2.6
2.3
3.5
8.8
Total net revenues ...............................................................
14.3
14.6
27.1
45.0
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations.............
3.5
4.2
6.2
27.8
Payment Services 
Net interest income..............................................................
6.1
4.6
10.0
6.6
Total net revenues ...............................................................
38.6
33.8
73.1
63.3
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations.............
21.0
17.8
40.0
31.3
Corporate Center 
Net interest income..............................................................
33.8
31.9
68.5
73.5
Total net revenues ...............................................................
46.3
57.6
104.9
93.2
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations.............
7.1
18.3
25.7
26.4
 
Factoring and Lending 
We are an independent operator in the Credit Collection Management and Non-Recourse Factoring 
segments. Our clients in such segments are primarily large companies, including international 
multinationals that provide their products and/or services in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece, Croatia and 
France to national healthcare service authorities (“Public Healthcare Debtors“), and to private entities 
(including religious hospitals and recently, in respect of credit management services, pharmacies and 
pharmaceutical distributors) active in the healthcare sector (“Other Debtors“) and public administration 
entities (“Public Administration Debtors” and, jointly with Public Healthcare Debtors and Other 
Debtors, “Debtors“). 
We benefit from having over thirty-five years of experience and being able to offer a range of services in 
the markets in which we operate, as well as from having an efficient platform which is integrated with 
some of the platforms of our key clients. This allows us to position ourselves as a partner in the 
management and disposal of receivables owed by the public sector. 
We have historically provided services to clients active in the healthcare sector. The majority of our 
clients are long-standing: as of 31 December 2023, our top 10 clients by volume have been our clients for 
15 years in average. In the Italian market, the top 16 large national and multinational clients contributed 
66% of the receivables volumes for 2023. In Spain, the second largest market, the first 11 top large 
national and multinational clients contributed 72% of the receivables volumes for 2023.

--- Page 202 ---
201 
 
The following table provides a summary of the main characteristics of our Credit Collection Management 
and Non-Recourse Factoring activities. 
 
Credit Collection Management 
Non-Recourse Factoring 
Activity ............  
Management 
of 
the 
process 
of 
recovery and collection of receivables 
due 
to 
Suppliers, 
including 
the 
management of administrative issues 
and debt collection activities, both in 
court and out of court, and of other 
ancillary services including electronic 
invoicing and credit certification 
Outright purchase from Suppliers of the 
principal amount (including late payment 
interest and ancillary income) of receivables 
mainly due from debtors of the national 
healthcare 
system 
and/or 
public 
administration 
agencies 
(including 
tax 
receivables from the Italian tax authorities), 
acquiring full ownership thereof, as well as 
the risk of non-payment. The receivables 
are generally overdue and already bear late 
payment interest
Revenues .........  
Our income primarily derives from: 
(i) loading 
fee, 
and 
(ii) collection 
commission
Our 
income 
primarily 
derives 
from: 
(i) maturity commission, (ii) late payment 
interest and (iii) Debt Collection Indemnity
Credit Risk .......  
Non-payment of commission 
Non-collection of principal and/or ancillary 
income
Costs ................  
The client bears all legal management 
costs on behalf of third parties
We bear all management costs 
 
Business Model 
We manage our Factoring and Lending activities according to a single organizational model across Italy, 
Croatia, France, Greece, Poland, Portugal, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Spain, and which encompasses 
the following steps: 
 
Business development. Our business development activity targets both existing and potential new 
clients. We carry out business development in respect of our existing clients by taking advantage 
of the following cross-selling opportunities: (i) geographical, by offering clients the same 
services in different geographical areas where both we and our clients operate, and (ii) product-
related, by offering Non-Recourse Factoring services to clients who already use our Credit 
Collection Management services. Moreover, we develop business with existing clients by 
offering a range of services which are constantly updated and tailored to the specific needs of 
each client. 
 
Credit Loading. At the beginning of our relationship, a client sends us details of, and 
documentation relating to, the receivables to be transferred, which are uploaded onto our 
factoring system (the “Factoring System”). The Factoring System verifies the accuracy of the 
documentation received and reports any anomalies to be corrected. 
 
Non-Recourse Factoring: Credit Risk Assessment-Pricing-Purchase. Before purchasing 
receivables on a non-recourse basis, we run a credit risk assessment and pricing process. Each 
credit is analysed and subject to approval and then on-going monitoring. Such process allows us 
to propose our clients a pricing for the receivables to be purchased. 
 
Credit Portfolio Management. We carry out credit portfolio management in respect of 
receivables managed on behalf of third parties, as well as receivables acquired and then managed 
on our own behalf. 
 
Collection. 
Credit Collection Management 
We offer Credit Collection Management services in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece that are tailored to 
the difficulties and timescales of our clients’ collection processes of invoices issued to their Debtors. By 
performing all of the administrative and legal activities needed to carry out the collection of receivables, 
the service we offer allows clients to significantly reduce their internal credit management and recovery

--- Page 203 ---
202 
 
costs. In particular: (i) the efficiency of the IT platform we use to handle the different phases of the 
receivables management and disposal process allows us to fully interact with both clients and Debtors 
throughout the process, and (ii) the specialised experience which the professionals working for us have 
gained in this field allows clients to benefit from a better performance in terms of payment of the 
receivables and recovery times. 
Our relationship with clients is based on management contracts which require clients to issue a mandate 
for the recovery of receivables and to delegate powers to us, meaning that we are legally authorised to act 
on their behalf and to act as a proxy for the collection of receivables under management. 
In the context of our Credit Collection Management activities, clients maintain the risk of insolvency of, 
and the risk of late payment by, Debtors, since we only manage and do not acquire receivables. Therefore, 
in carrying out these activities on behalf of third parties we are only exposed to the risk of non-payment 
of collection and/or management commission by the client. 
The revenue generated by our Credit Collection Management activities primarily derives from the 
management commission paid by clients. Management commission consists of a fee paid when the 
receivables are accepted and an additional commission paid at the time of collection as recognition of the 
successful outcome of the management activity. 
Our Credit Collection Management activity is strategically important, since clients often turn to us for the 
management of their receivables and we are often also able to generate Non-Recourse Factoring business 
with the same clients. We have recently expanded our Credit Collection Management activities to cover 
pharmacies, distributors, private sector healthcare operators and some ancillary services such as the 
management of electronic invoicing in Italy. 
Non-Recourse Factoring 
As part of our Non-Recourse Factoring business, we acquire outright the receivables due to our clients 
from their debtors. The purchase of Non-Recourse Factoring receivables allows our clients to 
deconsolidate the transferred receivables in accordance with the IAS and US GAAP standards applicable 
to the transfer of receivables. The receivables are transferred from the relevant client’s financial 
statements to our financial statements, and we assume their full ownership, including any cost and benefit 
connected therewith, and, in particular, any late payment interest accruing from the due date of the 
receivables and other ancillary income. In the event of non-existence of the receivables, we have the right 
to terminate the transfer and the client must immediately repurchase the receivables at par and return any 
amounts paid by us. 
The purchase price is normally equal to the nominal value of the receivable net of a commission, 
calculated by us on the basis of a prior assessment of, among other things, the relevant credit risk 
(including an assessment of the assignor, the Debtors and the timing for payment). 
The purchase price of each receivable largely depends on the expected payment date. Therefore, we 
carefully monitor the DSO of each Debtor and input data into our historical database which contains the 
payment times of all invoices managed during the course of our activities (on behalf of third parties and 
on our own behalf). This database is used to estimate the collection times of receivables recorded in our 
financial statements (in order to manage our liquidity) and to determine the price of new receivables 
during the purchase phase in our Non-Recourse Factoring activities. 
Once purchased by us, we manage receivables on our own behalf for their entire remaining life cycle, 
until the principal and the recovered late payment interest are collected. 
Our revenues from our Non-Recourse Factoring activities mainly derive from the following: 
 
Fixed commission (“Maturity Commission“). We deduct Maturity Commission from the 
purchase price and calculate it as a percentage of the nominal value of each receivable, as 
determined on a case by case basis at our discretion at the time of purchase on the basis of, 
among other things: (i) past payment trends of Debtors owing the transferred receivables; (ii) the 
quality of the portfolio transferred by the client; and (iii) financial expenses (current and future) 
that we must incur to finance the purchase of receivables.

--- Page 204 ---
203 
 
 
Late payment interest. Debtors pay late payment interest at the ECB base rate pursuant to 
Directive 2011/7/EU, as applied in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, which sets out 
the late payment interest rate applicable in the event of late payment in commercial transactions 
between companies or between companies and the public administration. Interest is generally 
collected once the nominal value of the receivable has been repaid. 
 
Debt Collection Indemnity. Directive 2011/7/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on combating late payment in commercial transactions, established a €40 minimum amount by 
way of indemnity for debt collection costs (the “Debt Collection Indemnity”), which the Issuer 
requests from debtors for each expired invoice, as a lump-sum reimbursement for debt collection 
expenses incurred. 
The recognition of Maturity Commission, late payment interest and Debt Collection Indemnity in our 
income statement reflects our income resulting from the application of the amortised cost method to the 
measurement of purchased non-recourse receivables, in accordance with IAS 39, based on the present 
value of estimated future cash flows (TIR (“tasso interno di rendimento”) of the transaction). 
At the time of purchase of a receivable, it is registered in the balance sheet in accordance with the IAS 
principles at its original purchase price. 
On a monthly basis the IAS value of the receivable is calculated considering the expectations of capital 
collection, net of the possible collections already received, late payment interest accrued until the date of 
evaluation and the interest accruing until the entire collection of the capital. 
The spread between the value calculated in relation to the principal amount is the adjustment to be made 
to the balance sheet. The comparison between this adjustment and that calculated on the prior month as of 
the evaluation date constitutes the amount of interest income to be included in the income statement. 
Any capital gains or losses incurred in connection with collection of interest payments shall be 
determined with reference to the recovery amount that was initially estimated. For the year ended 31 
December 2023, factoring’s performing exposure amounted to a total of €3,233,839 thousand for the BFF 
Banking Group. This included non-recourse trade receivables purchased as performing, registered under 
the name of the assigned debtor, with the conditions for derecognition, and measured at amortized cost, 
worth a total of €2,544,768 thousand for BFF Bank and €524,656 thousand for the subsidiary BFF 
Finance Iberia. 
The late payment interest and Debt Collection Indemnity recorded in our income statement and balance 
sheet is just a part of all late payment interest accrued and legally due to us in the course of our Non-
Recourse Factoring business. We estimate the recoverability percentage of late payment interest legally 
due and Debt Collection Indemnity, in relation to the portfolio of receivables managed by the Issuer and 
BFF Finance Iberia only, to be equal to 65% (an increase from 50% applied until 31 December 2023) of 
its nominal value at the estimated collection date (set at 2,100 days) and, in the event of higher 
recoverability percentages (as recorded in the past), we record the difference as a capital gain only at the 
time of collection. 
Additional Lending Services 
In Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia we operate in a niche market and offer non-standard products 
and services in the following segments: (i) overdue debt position financing and debt management, (ii) 
liquidity management and (iii) investment and equipment financing. We have long term relationships 
with clients in Eastern Europe – in Slovakia and Czech Republic, and especially in Poland, including 
certain multinational groups in the healthcare sector to whom we already provide services in Italy, Spain 
and Portugal, and is their reference partner for alternative financing solutions. 
Securities Services 
Our Securities Services operations provide services for investment funds and related services such as 
global custody, fund accounting and transfer agents for domestic asset managers and banks and for 
various investment funds such as pension funds, mutual funds and alternative funds, as well as banks and 
other financial institutions (i.e., stock brokerage firms). This business segment is focused on the Italian 
domestic market.

--- Page 205 ---
204 
 
As custodian bank, the Group provides services consisting in the custody and administrative management 
of the units of our fund’s clients and their assets, such as (a) settlement and oversight services in relation 
to any aspect of the management of funds, (b) legality check of transactions relating to the sale, issue, 
repurchase, redemption and cancellation of investment fund units and the allocation of investment fund 
income, (c) cash flows monitoring in connection with funds transactions, (d) execution of funds 
instructions, provided they do not conflict with the law, the regulations, the fund’s articles of association 
or the requirements of the supervisory bodies. Additionally, we provide other specific services, including 
the calculation of the net asset value of the fund units for legal and tax reporting activities relating to the 
holding of securities. 
Our global custody services consist of safekeeping and administration of financial instruments. These 
services are provided to a wide range of clients, including, companies and financial institutions and 
consist of the following activities: (a) settlement against payment of securities transactions carried out by 
the client, (b) currency settlement of securities transactions ordered by the client, (c) payment of coupons 
and dividends on securities on deposit, after verification of payment by the issuers, (d) execution of all 
corporate transactions involving securities on deposit, (e) managing the relationship with the sub-
custodians (whether banks or central depositories) to whom customers’ securities are sub-deposited, and 
(f) notifying issuers of the holders of the securities when required by law. 
In 2019 BFF replaced its international partner for custody and settlement of foreign stock portfolio with 
BNY Mellon (“BNY”). BNY is one of the world’s largest custodian bank and asset servicing company, 
and serves large international funds. In addition, BNY offers a wide range of products, e.g., depositary 
bank abroad and ancillary services (e.g., securities lending, triparty repo). The partnership with BNY also 
includes the sharing of technological (DLT) and applicative knowledge. 
The assets under deposit at our custodian bank operations amounted to €58.8 billion at 31 December 2023 
and €64.2 billion at 30 June 2024. The assets under custody held by our global custody operations were 
equal to €111.3 billion at 31 December 2023 and €119.1 billion at 30 June 2024. The balance of customer 
deposits in our Securities Services operations were equal to €2.9 billion at 31 December 2023 and €2.7 
billion at 30 June 2024. 
Payment Services  
Payments Services deals with payment processing, corporate payments and cheques and bills and has as 
customers medium-small Italian banks and medium-large companies. The business is focused on the 
Italian market. 
Within payment services, we offer three main services: (i) intermediation (so-called, “tramitazione”) for 
clearing (allowing payment service providers to exchange payment information through formal and 
standardized operating mechanisms) and settlement (allowing the accounting settlement of individual 
payment transactions), (ii) corporate and other client payments & collection and (iii) issuing and 
management of checks/bank drafts and promissory notes. 
Intermediation and settlement services allow small and medium-sized PSPs indirect access to the clearing 
and settlement mechanism and/or competitive payment services (based on correspondent banking 
accounts), for clearing and settlement steps, without incurring the fixed and organizational costs of direct 
membership, ensuring a level playing field compared to the main market players. 
Clearing services are divided into clearing services for Single Euro Payments Area (“SEPA”) products 
(pan-European transfers and collections), which are regulated by European regulations, and clearing 
services for non-SEPA products, which regulated by the national convention “Interbank system of data 
transmission networks”. 
Corporate and other client payments payment and collection services are mainly related to, respectively, 
the payments of pensions, management of the payment flows in favour of Telepass S.p.A. with regard to 
its invoices, and for other corporate clients. Such services are provided in favour for approximately 80 
client banks. Furthermore, we provide payment services for the Italian public administration as the 
agencies of the Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policies (to pay aids from the European 
community) and large corporates.

--- Page 206 ---
205 
 
We also provide check and receivables services, such as: (i) issuing of bank drafts, (ii) cash letters, (iii) 
management/provision in outsourcing of the “Check Image Truncation” (CIT) procedure, for the 
electronic payments of checks, (iv) issuing/management of promissory notes on behalf of its clients and 
(v) caveau services. 
Finally, our payment services and products are marketed and distributed by Nexi Payments S.p.A. on the 
basis of an agreement which is set to expire in 2026. More specifically, BFF have a long standing 
relationship with Nexi for the management of payments from acquiring and issuing of credit cards. BFF is 
a key layer for Nexi payments management and collections respectively of the acquiring (merchant 
payments) and issuing of credit cards (card collections), both for medium small customer banks (which 
are intermediated) and large banks (direct members) for the settlement of the cards. 
The balance of customer deposits in our Payment Services operations were equal to €3.5 billion at 31 
December 2023 and €2.8 billion at 30 June 2024. 
Corporate Center 
The Corporate Center incorporates all the staff and control functions, as well as our Technology & 
Processes Improvement and Finance and Administration departments. More in details, the Corporate 
Center business unit’s purpose is to support our business operations and to provide funding to the 
Business units Factoring and Lending, Securities Services and Payment Services. 
The main actions taken by our Corporate Center business unit are aimed at achieving funding and cost 
synergies, including in connection with the operational integration of DEPObank within the Group. 
In this regard, the Group has adopted a transfer pricing mechanism in order to regulate the funding flows 
between its segments and apply remuneration / penalty mechanisms for proper management 
representation. This mechanism envisages, (i) that the Securities Services and Payment Services segments 
make the funding collected available to the Corporate Center; (ii) that the Corporate Center manages the 
funding received from Securities Services, Payment Services, retail deposits and wholesale sources and 
makes it available to the Factoring and Lending segment, or, for the excess part, uses it in alternative 
ways; (iii) that the Factoring and Lending segment uses the funding received in the forms of use specific 
to its business; (iv) that the Corporate Center remunerates the Securities Services and Payment Services 
segments and is remunerated by the Factoring and Lending segment for the funding made available 
through an internal proprietary mechanism. 
Funding 
Following the DEPObank’s Acquisition, we carried out a rationalisation of our funding sources, pursuant 
to which we reduced significantly the funding from securities issued, customer deposits and loans 
(including repurchase agreements). 
As of 30 June 2024, our main source of funding is represented by funds credited on client accounts at our 
Securities Services and Payment Services business units, totalling approximately €5.5 billion. 
We offer an online deposit account on the Italian, Spanish, Polish, German, Dutch and Irish markets 
(“Conto Facto”, “Cuenta Facto” and “Lokata Facto”), which aimed at retail and corporate customers and 
guaranteed by the Interbank Deposit Protection Fund. At 30 June 2024, the total funding from our online 
deposits amounted to €2.7 billion. 
Additionally, at 30 June 2024 we had €302 million (at amortised cost) in senior bonds outstanding and 
€150 million of AT1 securities. 
Employees 
The table below sets forth the average number of employees of the Group for the six months ended 30 
June 2024 and the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Category 
30 June 2024 
31 December 
2023 
Senior Executives and Executives.......................................................
29
30
Managers/Middle Managers/Professionals..........................................
419
405

--- Page 207 ---
206 
 
Category 
30 June 2024 
31 December 
2023 
Specialists ............................................................................................ 
401 
412 
Total .................................................................................................... 
849 
847 
 
As of 30 June 2024, the group had 849 employees (558 in Italy, 13 at BFF’s Portugal branch, 12 at BFF’s 
Greek branch, 63 in Spain (of which 17 at BFF’s Madrid branch, 46 at BFF Finance Iberia), 187 in 
Poland (of which 36 at the branch), 14 in Slovakia and 2 in Czech Republic. The Issuer has trade unions 
and has entered into collective labour contracts with its employees; BFF Polska and its subsidiaries have 
no trade unions and have not entered into any collective labour (or similar) contracts with its employees. 
Our full-time employees are normally employed under contracts of indefinite term. 
Sustainability 
ESG governance 
In 2022, the Bank set out its ESG governance structure through the definition of the hierarchy and related 
duties. In particular, within the Bank’s ESG governance structure the Board of Directors is responsible 
for: 
- 
sets Group-wide guidelines, targets and strategies on sustainability issues; 
- 
ensuring the integration of ESG risks into business strategies, governance, processes, 
procedures, and the system of controls; 
- 
approving the materiality analysis, the NFD, and major policies within its purview; 
- 
supervising the proper oversight of these issues. 
In addition, the Board of Directors has established in 2022 an ESG committee as a body of a managerial 
nature with propositional and advisory functions to the Chief Executive Officer regarding assessments 
and decisions relating to ESG issues connected to the Bank’s and the Group’s business operations and its 
dynamics of interaction with all stakeholders.  
More specifically, the Committee has investigative duties vis-à-vis sustainability matters to be submitted 
to the Chief Executive Officer, supporting the latter in managing all social responsibility issues and 
ensuring the Group’s positioning on these matters in the various areas of reference. 
ESG strategy 
The Group’s ambition aims to achieve certain goals for each pivotal area: 
- 
reduction of its impact on the environment, through the implementation of a carbon footprint 
reduction strategy; 
- 
enhancement of its people through the promotion of well-being and skill development; 
- 
having a positive impact for local communities through initiatives through the role of 
Fondazione Farmafactoring and through the creation of new value that Casa BFF will 
generate given the project’s focus on open and shared spaces; 
- 
identification of actions that aim for excellence in governance arrangements. 
These objectives will then also be enhanced and supplemented in light of the insights from external 
regulations (i.e. integration of climate and environmental risks, as per Bank of Italy expectations) and 
other stakeholders, such as investors and rating companies. 
Information Technology

--- Page 208 ---
207 
 
With respect to our Factoring and Lending operations, we manage our receivables through a specialised 
and efficient IT platform. We have developed internally an ad hoc IT system which gives us a 
competitive advantage in the Southern European Markets in terms of (i) speed and efficiency of our 
activities and (ii) integration with information systems of creditors (or assignors) and debtors. This has 
allowed us to reduce management costs and to benefit from economies of scale. 
The technological architecture of our systems is a competitive advantage of our business, both in terms of 
hardware and software, and was designed to ensure continuity in the provision of services, operational 
stability and the provision of high quality services for end users, including us internally and clients and 
Debtors externally. Our technological architecture also supports the activities of BFF Finance Iberia and 
our activities in Portugal, Greece and Croatia and France. 
Our Securities Services activities rely almost exclusively on outsourced IT systems. 
The information technology system underpinning our Payment Services leverages on the infrastructures 
developed by Nexi. Nexi also provides us with the technical solutions for the provision of payment 
services. 
Legal Proceedings and Investigations 
We are subject as defendant to a number of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our 
business. We assess the potential losses that we could incur in connection with pending legal proceedings 
and make provisions in application of prudential criteria. As of 30 June 2024, our fund for risks and 
charges in relation to legal matters amounted to €31.2 million, which is included in item “Other 
provisions for risks and charges –others” in Section 10 of the Liabilities of the 2024 Half-Year Financial 
Statements. As of 31 December 2023, we set aside a fund for risks and charges in relation to legal matters 
for €28.3 million. 
Bank of Italy’s inspection and compliance findings 
The Bank of Italy’s Inspection 
On 11 September 2023, the Bank of Italy started an inspection on the Issuer (the “Inspection”), which 
was completed on 12 January 2024.  
On 29 April 2024, the Issuer received from the Bank of Italy the report (the “Inspection Report”)  
containing the results of the Inspection, which sets forth the formalisation of a compliance finding on the 
classification of credit exposure vis-à-vis the public administration, regardless of the representation of any 
related credit risk, which are based on an interpretation of the EBA guidelines on the new definition of 
default on such credit exposure – in particular concerning the application of suspension to the calculation 
of past due days for the purpose of the prudential classification of credit exposure – different from that 
adopted by BFF.  
In addition, the Inspection Report contains certain findings on the Issuer’s governance and on its 
corporate compensation practices, with particular reference to certain contractual provisions referring to 
the Chief Executive Officer. 
Concurrently with the Inspection Report, the Bank of Italy, pending its assessment of the Issuer’s 
determinations related to the inspection findings, notified the Issuer by way of a supervisory letter (the 
“Supervisory Letter”) that ordered the Issuer to temporarily refrain from approving or implementing: (i) 
the distribution of profits or other reserves; (ii) the attribution of variable remuneration to its managers; 
(iii) the further expansion of operations abroad by opening new branches or expanding into new countries 
under freedom of services. The Bank of Italy has further clarified to the Issuer that the limitation on the 
distribution of profits or other equity assets does not apply to the payment of interest under its additional 
tier 1 securities. Additionally, on 29 April 2024 the Bank of Italy informed the Issuer of the 
commencement of a proceeding potentially aimed at assessing administrative penalties against the Issuer 
and the Chief Executive Officer in connection with the Inspection.  
The Issuer’s responses and actions taken 
On 11 July 2024, the Issuer submitted its responses to the Supervisory Letter under which certain 
prescriptions were formulated, mainly affecting governance mechanisms, internal control functions, CEO

--- Page 209 ---
208 
 
compensation, and past due classification. As part of such responses, the Issuer, inter alia, approved a 
reclassification for prudential purposes of its past due exposures, with effect from the financial statements 
as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024. As a result of such reclassification, the Issuer registered 
additional past due exposures of €1,429 million as of 30 June 2024. The increase in past due exposures 
generated additional risk weighted assets of €1,801 million and IFRS 9 provisions of €0.7 million as of 30 
June 2024, with an unchanged risk profile. Of the additional €1,429 million increase in past due 
exposures, €746 million are generated by €183 million of Italian NHS back book exposure originated 
prior to 1 January 2021, which created €563 million contagion effect on the front book exposure towards 
the same debtors.  
In addition, in July 2024 the Issuer transmitted to the Bank of Italy (i) the responses containing the 
corrective actions taken and to be taken to resolve the compliance findings set forth in the Inspection 
Report, (ii) a separate letter setting forth its counterclaims in relation to the individual objections raised by 
the Bank of Italy in the sanction proceedings. 
The Bank continues to focus on RWAs optimisation, strengthening the collection process and evaluating 
the application of other mitigants. As of 30 June 2024, no disposal of receivables has been made. 
The prudential backstop application will start at the end of the second year from the date of classification 
of the exposures in past due, i.e. September 2026 in relation to the additional past due exposures resulting 
from the reclassification. In this respect, any possible calendar provisioning will be released over time 
with the collection of the principal amount relating to such exposures.  
Following the reclassification for prudential purposes of the past due exposures, the CET1 ratio as of 30 
June 2024 stands at 11.9% and the Total Capital Ratio at 14.8%, well above the 9% CET1 SREP ratio and 
12.5% Total Capital Ratio SREP ratio. These ratios include the reported net profit for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024. 
At the same meeting, BFF’s Board of Directors resolved to increase the accrual rate of late payment 
interest and Debt Collection Indemnity to 65%, from 50%, which resulted in a €109 million capital uplift. 
The new accrual rate remains lower than the 2015-2023 historic weighted average collection rate of 
77.5%. The change in the accrual rate, which will be applied to the Bank’s financial statements as of and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2024, allows a more accurate representation of the Bank’s underlying 
profitability. 
Status of Bank of Italy’s assessment 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not received the Bank of Italy’s assessment of the 
Issuer’s responses and determinations in relation to the Supervisory Letter, the Inspection Report and the 
penalty procedure compliance findings raised as a result of the Inspection. See also “Risk Factors – Risks 
related to the Bank of Italy’s Inspection”. 
Corporate Governance 
The constitutional documents of the Issuer conform to the provisions contained in the Italian Civil Code 
and other special regulations regarding banks. The Issuer is structured according to the traditional Italian 
business corporate governance model with (i) a Board of Directors responsible for overseeing business 
management, and (ii) a board of statutory auditors (the “Board of Statutory Auditors“) responsible for 
supervising compliance with laws and statutes, and monitoring the adequacy and the proper functioning 
of the organisational structure, the Issuer’s internal controls and the Issuer’s accounting and 
administrative system. Moreover the Issuer complies with the Corporate Governance Code for listed 
companies promoted by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001, as amended (“Decree 231“), that applies also to 
our Spanish, Portuguese, Greek and Polish branches, provides for the direct liability of legal entities, 
companies and associations for certain crimes committed by their representatives and encourages 
companies to adopt corporate governance structures and risk prevention systems to stop managers, 
executives, employees and external collaborators from committing crimes, the Board of Directors 
appoints an independent supervisory body (“Organismo di Vigilanza“) composed by three members 
(two of which are independent from the company), which is charged with the task of (i) monitoring 
compliance with Decree 231 and (ii) proposing necessary updates to the organisational model of the

--- Page 210 ---
209 
 
Issuer. In order to supervise the actions of top management adequately, the Organismo di Vigilanza must 
remain fully autonomous. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the members of the Organismo di 
Vigilanza are Marina Corsi, Silvio Necchi and Gianluca Poletti. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 31-bis of the Spanish Criminal Code, as amended by the Organic Law 
1/2019 of February 2020 (“Ley Orgánica”) which regulates the administrative liability of legal entities, 
including companies, the Board of Directors of BFF Finance Iberia approved the “BFF Finance Iberia. 
Organizational, Management and Control Model pursuant to art 31-bis of the Criminal Code” (the 
“Model”). 
The Model provides for the appointment by the Board of Directors of BFF Finance Iberia of a 
Supervisory Body in charge of supervising the activities of the company and of ensuring compliance with 
the Model, as well as of taking care of the update of the Model. The Supervisory Body of BFF Finance 
Iberia solely consists of the second Vice-Secretary, non-member of the Board of Directors of BFF 
Finance Iberia. 
In addition, BFF Polska adopted specific guidelines on anti-corruption, applicable to the company and its 
subsidiaries, and appointed its Compliance Chief Officer to oversee compliance with anti-corruption 
provisions. 
Directive No. 2013/36/EU (CRD IV Directive) was implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 72 of 
12 May 2015, which introduced a new Article 52—bis in the Italian Banking Act, entitled “internal 
systems for the reporting of violations”. The Bank of Italy implemented Article 52—bis of the Italian 
Banking Act by publishing, on 21 July 2015, the eleventh update to Circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013, entitled “Supervisory Provisions for Banks” as subsequently amended and supplemented (the 
“Circular 285”). Pursuant to Circular 285, banks are required to have an internal reporting system in 
place allowing their staff to report acts or facts that may constitute a breach of the rules governing 
banking activities (as defined by Article 10 of the Italian Banking Act). In particular, banks are required 
to (i) identify the person responsible for the internal reporting system; (ii) define the internal reporting 
procedure and the timing of all stages of the procedure transposed into operating procedures and approved 
by the Board of Directors; and (iii) circulate in a clear and exhaustive way to all the staff the reporting 
procedure adopted, including the measures adopted to ensure protection of privacy. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Group has already implemented the Circular 285. 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors are elected by the shareholder’s meeting for three-year terms 
(unless elected upon the resignation or removal of another member) on the basis of lists submitted by 
shareholders, each of which sets out a number of candidates not greater than the number of members to be 
appointed, listed sequentially. At the end of the voting operations, the candidates of the two lists which 
obtained the higher number of votes are appointed according to the following criteria: (a) a number of 
Directors equal to the total number of members to be appointed less 1 (one), is derived from the list which 
obtained the majority of casted votes (so called “majority list”), following the sequential order with which 
they are listed in the same list; (b) the residual director is derived from the second list which obtained the 
highest number of votes at the meeting (so called “minority list”), which is not affiliated in any way, not  
even indirectly, to those who have submitted or voted for the majority; (c) if the majority list does not 
contain a sufficient number of candidates to ensure that the number of directors to be elected pursuant to 
letter (a) above is reached, all the candidates listed therein shall be taken from that list, in the order in 
which they are indicated; after having taken the other director from the minority list pursuant to letter (b), 
the remaining directors are taken - for the positions not covered by the majority list - from the minority 
list that obtained the highest number of votes among the minority lists, according to the capacity of such 
list. The appointment of the Board of Directors shall take place in accordance with the balance between 
genders regime. Pursuant to the Consolidated Banking Law, the members of the Board of Directors are 
required to abide by specific professional, ethical and independency requirements. 
The following table sets forth the names, positions and principal activities of the current members of the 
Board of Directors. Each member’s term will expire at the annual shareholders’ meeting called for the 
approval of the Issuer’s annual financial statements as at and for the year ending 31 December 2026.

--- Page 211 ---
210 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities Outside the Issuer 
Ranieri de Marchis 
Chairman, Non-
executive and 
Independent Director
Singular Bank S.A.U. - Independent Director 
Anna Kunkl 
Vice Chairman, Non-
executive and 
Independent Director 
N/A 
 
Massimiliano 
Belingheri 
Chief Executive Officer 
and Executive Director 
 
lstituto della Enciclopedia ltaliana fondata da 
Giovanni Treccani S.p.A. - Non-executive 
Director
Domenico Gammaldi 
Non-executive and 
Independent Director 
PayDo S.p.A. - Non-executive Director 
Piotr Henryk Stępniak 
Non-executive Director 
 
Kruk S.A. - Non-executive Director  
VRG S.A. - Non-executive Director
Alexia Ackermann 
Non-executive and 
Independent Director 
N/A 
Mimi Kung 
Non-executive and 
Independent Director  
N/A 
Guido Cutillo 
Non-executive and 
Independent Director  
Cutillo&Partners S.r.l. - Sole Director 
Susana Mac Eachen 
Non-executive and 
Independent Director 
N/A 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is, for each director, Via Domenichino, 5, 
20149 Milan, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Each member of the Board of Statutory Auditors is appointed by the shareholders and the board is 
composed of three regular auditors, one of whom is appointed as chairman, and two alternate auditors. 
Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are elected on the basis of lists submitted by shareholders, in 
which candidates are listed sequentially, for a term of three years until the date of the shareholders’ 
meeting called for the approval of the financial statements relating to the third year of such appointment. 
The appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors shall take place in accordance with the balance 
between genders regime. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is part of the internal control system and its activities are carried out in 
compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements, including those set out by the Bank of Italy. 
The following table sets forth the names, positions and principal activities of the current members of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors, all of whose appointments will expire at the annual shareholders’ meeting 
called for the approval of the Issuer’s annual financial statements as at and for the year ending 
31 December 2026: 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities Outside the Issuer 
Simone Scettri 
Chairman 
and 
Statutory 
Auditor 
 
Società Agricola Isola Di Agri S.r.l. - 
Chairman and Statutory Auditor 
Prosieben Sat 1 – Member of Supervisory 
Board 
Simona Elena Pesce
Statutory Auditor
Eurotech S.p.A.- Indipendent Director
Vittorio Dell’Atti 
Statutory Auditor 
 
Prometheus 
S.p.A. 
- 
Chairman 
and 
Statutory Auditor  
Vetrerie Meridionali S.p.A. - Statutory 
Auditor

--- Page 212 ---
211 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities Outside the Issuer 
Sita Sud S.r.1. - Chairman and Statutory 
Auditor 
Oversonic Robotics S.r.l. Società Benefit - 
Sole Auditor 
Carlo Carrera
Alternate Auditor
N/A
Francesca Masotti
Alternate Auditor
N/A
 
 
In accordance with Italian law, members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are registered members of the 
registry of certified public accountants (Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry of Justice. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Via Domenichino, 5 20149 
Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no actual or potential conflict of interest between the 
duties of any of the members of the Board of Directors or Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer and 
their respective private interests or other duties.  
In this respect and notwithstanding the above, as of 29 September 2023, the Group’s CEO Massimiliano 
Belingheri and his closely associated persons held 5.8% of the Bank’s share capital. 
Recent Developments 
Moody’s places BFF’s ratings on review for downgrade 
On 22 May 2024, Moody’s placed on review for downgrade all the ratings and assessments of BFF. The 
rating action was prompted by BFF’s announcements on 9 May 2024 and 10 May 2024 relating to Bank 
of Italy’s supervisory actions. For further information, see “ – Legal Proceedings and Investigations – 
Bank of Italy inspection and compliance findings” above. 
Ratings placed on review include BFF long-term (LT) and short-term (ST) deposit ratings of Baa3/Prime-
3 respectively, LT issuer and senior unsecured debt ratings of Ba2, preferred stock non-cumulative rating 
of B2 (hyb), LT and ST Counterparty Risk Ratings (CRR) of Baa2/Prime-2, LT and ST Counterparty 
Risk (CR) Assessments Baa2 (cr)/Prime-2 (cr) as well as BFF’s Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) and 
Adjusted BCA of ba2. Previously the outlook on BFF’s LT deposit ratings was negative and on LT issuer 
and senior unsecured debt ratings was stable. 
Moody’s rating action included also a one-notch negative adjustment for corporate behaviour, together 
with a lowering of the Bank’s governance issuer profile score (IPS) to G-4 from G-2 under the rating 
agency’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) framework. Consequently, BFF’s credit impact 
score was lowered to CIS-4 from CIS-2. 
The review for downgrade will primarily focus on the implications of the Bank of Italy’s findings and 
remediation measures. According to Moody’s opinion, BFF BCA could stabilize if the Bank's 
remediation actions were successful in addressing financial and governance risks. Moreover, Moody's 
would confirm the deposit and debt ratings if the Bank were to maintain its existing buffer of liabilities 
subject to bail-in. The Issuer has engaged a leading financial institution to engage with Moody’s in the 
rating review procedure. 
2023 Shareholders’ Meeting 
On 18 April 2024, the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer approved the cash distribution to shareholders 
of a dividend amounting to Euro 101.2 million, of which Euro 52.3 million distributed from a portion of 
the Issuer’s 2023 net profit and Euro 48.9 million from a portion of the retained earnings reserve. The 
dividend was paid as of 24 April 2024. 
In addition, the shareholders’ meeting also resolved to:

--- Page 213 ---
212 
 
• 
allocate Euro 0.2 million to the legal reserve; and 
• 
allocate Euro 24.4 million to the Issuer’s retained earnings reserve, pursuant to the Decree Law no. 
104 dated 10 August 2023 converted with amendments by Law no. 136 dated 9 October 2023, as an 
alternative option to the payment of the Italian windfall tax. 
On the same date, the shareholders’ meeting authorised the Board of Directors to proceed with the 
purchase of BFF ordinary shares in one or more tranches and for a period of 18 months. The maximum 
number of BFF ordinary shares to be purchased is 8,868,516, representing 5% of the Bank’s share capital 
(taking into account treasury shares already owned). The purchases shall be carried out within the limits 
of the distributable profits and available reserves resulting from the latest approved financial statements. 
ESG Ratings 
On 1 August 2024, Morningstar Sustainalytics completed its independent annual assessment, with the 
Group scoring 15.0 in ESG risk rating, with an improvement versus the previous analysis, confirming the 
“Low Risk” category. 
On 21 November 2023, Standard Ethics Ltd., an independent sustainability rating agency, at the end of 
the analysis conducted for the first time in solicited form, upgraded the Bank’s Corporate Standard Ethics 
Rating (SER) to “E+” from the previous “E” assigning a “Positive” Outlook. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of 
the dates on which they were initially issued. ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory 
or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG rating information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision.

--- Page 214 ---
213 
 
REGULATORY 
The Group is subject to extensive regulations and to the supervision (being for regulatory, information or 
inspection purposes, as the case may be) by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB. 
Capital and Liquidity Requirements 
Following the crisis of the financial markets in the last several years, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements (“Basel III”), aimed at 
strengthening the existing capital rules, including raising the quality of CET1 capital in a harmonised 
manner, introducing also requirements for Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) and Tier 2 capital instruments. 
At a European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate legislative 
instruments: Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 (the “CRD IV”) and Regulation (EU) No. 575 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms (the “CRR” and, together with the CRD IV, the “CRD IV Package”), whose 
provisions are directly binding and applicable in each member state. The CRD IV and the CRR were 
approved by the European Council on 20 July 2013 and entered into force on 1 January 2014. 
Furthermore, on 14 March 2016 the European Central Bank (the “ECB) adopted Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/445 on the exercise of options and discretions available in Union law, published on 24 March 2016 
and the ECB Guide on options and discretions available in Union law (the “ECB Guide”). This 
regulation specifies certain of the options and discretions conferred on competent authorities under Union 
law concerning prudential requirements for credit institutions that the ECB is exercising. It shall apply 
exclusively with regard to those credit institutions classified as “significant” in accordance with Article 
6(4) of Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, and Part IV and Article 147(1) of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014. 
Depending on the manner in which these options or discretions were so far exercised by the national 
competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise such options or discretions in the 
future, additional or lower capital requirements may be required. Moreover, on 10 August 2016, the ECB 
published an addendum to the ECB Guide which addresses eight options and discretions and 
complements the existing ECB Guide and Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445. 
In addition, on 13 April 2017, the ECB published a guideline and a recommendation addressed to national 
competent authorities (the “NCAs”) concerning the exercise of options and national discretions available 
in European Union law that affect banks directly supervised by NCAs (i.e. the so called “less significant 
institutions”). Both documents are intended to further harmonise the way banks are supervised by the 
NCAs. The aim is to ensure a level playing field and the smooth functioning of the Euro area banking 
system as a whole. 
In Italy, implementation of CRDIV Package implied amendments to Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (the “Italian Consolidated Banking Act”) and to the supervisory regulations on banks 
with circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (“Circular No. 285”), which came into force on 1 January 
2014, setting out also additional local prudential rules addressed to Italian banks. The Government 
implemented the CRD IV with Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015, which entered into force on 27 
June 2015. 
With respect to “Pillar 1” minimum capital requirements, Italian banks are currently required to comply 
with: (a) a CET1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (b) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%; and (c) a Total Capital Ratio of 
8.0%. The Basel III framework also provides for the creation of additional capital buffers in excess of the 
minimum requirements in order to provide banks with high quality capital resources to be used in times of 
market stress, to prevent any malfunctioning of the banking system and to avoid disruptions in the credit 
granting process, as well as to address the risks posed by systemically important banks at the global or 
domestic level. More specifically, the capital buffers applicable under the CRD IV (to be met with CET1 
capital) are the following: 
1. 
capital conservation buffer: the capital conservation buffer applies to the Issuer pursuant to 
Circular No. 285 and, starting from 1 January 2019, is equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets 
(“RWAs”), to be met entirely by CET 1 capital; 
2. 
counter-cyclical capital buffer: set by the relevant competent authority between 0% and 2.5% 
(but may be set higher than 2.5% where the competent authority considers that the conditions in 
the Member State justify it), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying

--- Page 215 ---
214 
 
temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth 
excessive. The counter-cyclical capital buffer for the 2024 was set by the Bank of Italy at 0% for 
domestic exposures. However, the Group has exposures also in countries where such buffer is set 
at different levels, such as the Czech Republic and the United Kingdom (2.00%), Slovakia 
(1.50%), the Netherlands (1.00%) and France (0.50%), resulting in a consolidated countercyclical 
capital buffer requirement for the Group set at 0.0069649%; 
3. 
capital buffers for global systemically important institutions (“G-SIIs”): set as an “additional loss 
absorbency” buffer ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% determined according to specific indicators (e.g. 
size, interconnectedness, substitutability of the services provided, global cross-border activity 
and complexity), and has become fully effective starting from 1 January 2019, which does not 
apply to the Group; and 
4. 
capital buffers for other systemically important institutions at domestic level (“O-SIIs”): up to 
2.0% as set by the relevant competent authority and must be reviewed at least annually, to 
compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the domestic financial system. Such 
buffer does not apply to the Group. 
In addition, to the above-listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV, each Member State may 
introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital for the financial sector or one or 
more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical systemic or 
macroprudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a risk of disruption 
in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the financial system 
and the real economy in a specific Member State. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no provision has 
been taken on the systemic risk buffer in Italy. 
On 26 April 2024, the Bank of Italy notified its decision to apply to all banks authorised to operate in 
Italy a capital buffer to meet systemic risks (the SyRB) in order to prevent and mitigate systemic risks 
which would otherwise not be covered by other macroprudential tools. The SyRB must consist of CET1 
and will be equal to 1.0% of RWA of domestic exposures. The target rate of 1.0% will be achieved 
gradually by setting aside a capital buffer of 0.5% by 31 December 2024 and the remaining 0.5% by 30 
June 2025. 
Failure to comply with such combined buffer requirements triggers restrictions on distributions and the 
need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions (Articles 140, 141 
and 141(b) of CRD IV, as amended and integrated by the EU Banking Reform referred to below). 
In addition, supervisors, pursuant to the CRD IV Package, may require institutions to maintain capital to 
cover other risks (so called Pillar 2 capital requirements). The combined buffer represents an additional 
layer of capital which banks need to hold to counter systemic, macro-prudential and other risks not 
covered by idiosyncratic Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 minimum capital requirements. 
In relation to the "Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process” (SREP), the Group must comply with a 
CET1 Ratio of 9.00%, a Tier 1 Ratio of 10.50% and a Total Capital Ratio of 12.50%. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio, Leverage Ratio 
Further, the Basel III agreements provided for (i) the introduction of a Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(“LCR”), which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily monetizable, in order 
to establish and maintain a liquidity buffer which will permit the bank to survive for 30 days in the event 
of serious stress (as of 1 January 2018, the indicator is subject to a minimum regulatory requirement of 
100 per cent) and (ii) a Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”), with a time period of more than one year, 
introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable expiry structure. The Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/61, adopted on 10 October 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union in January 2015, specifies the calculation rules of the LCR, while the 
relevant provisions concerning NSFR are included in the amendments to the CRR comprised in the EU 
Banking Reform referred to below. With reference to the LCR, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into 
account the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, announced that banks were allowed to operate 
temporarily below the minimum LCR. On 17 December 2021, the ECB stated its intention not to extend 
beyond December 2021 the liquidity relief measure that allowed banks to operate with a LCR below 
100%. Therefore, as of 1 January 2022 all banks are required to maintain a LCR of above 100%.

--- Page 216 ---
215 
 
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer had a LCR of 208.5%, NSFR of 134.4% and a leverage ratio of 6.2%.  
The EU Banking Reform and other recent major developments in regulations 
In November 2016, the European Commission announced a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks, resulting in the amendment of the CRD IV, the CRR, the BRRD 
and the SRM by the following: 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“CRD 
V”) amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures; 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(“CRR II”) amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements; 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(“BRRD II”) amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC; and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(“SRM II V”) amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force 20 days 
thereafter, on 27 June 2019 (the “EU Banking Reform”). 
Many of the changes to the CRR were directly applicable to the Group from that date. 
The EU Banking Reform includes, among other things, a binding 3% leverage ratio and a binding 100% 
NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their long-term 
activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in order to 
increase banks’ resilience to funding constraints. In particular, the binding 3% leverage ratio is added to 
the own funds requirements set forth in Article 92(1) of the CRR. The leverage ratio requirement is a 
parallel requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements, and will apply - from June 2021 - to all 
credit institutions and investment firms that fall under the scope of the CRR, subject to selected 
adjustments. Institutions should be able to use any Tier 1 capital that they use to meet their leverage-
related requirements to also meet their risk-based own funds requirements, including the combined buffer 
requirement. 
In addition, the European Commission published on 27 October 2021 a new set of proposed amendments 
to the CRR and CRD targeting the final implementation of Basel III in the European Union. On 19 June 
2024, the CRD VI and the CRR III were published on the Official Journal of the European Union and 
entered into force on 9 July 2024.  
In line with the Basel standards, the CRR III and CRD VI determine restrictions in the use of internal 
models for measuring credit risk on some specific portfolios and to return to a more stringent standardised 
approach as well as to eliminate internal models for operational risks. In addition, CRR III and CRD VI 
introduced an “output floor” which is intended to limit the risk of excessive reductions in banks’ capital 
requirements and, as a result, makes those requirements more comparable. The “output floor” sets a lower 
limit on the capital requirements that are determined in accordance with banks’ internal models to 72.5% 
of the capital requirements that would apply if they used standardised measurements. Beyond the 
implementation of Basel III standards, CRR III and CRD VI harmonise minimum requirements 
applicable to the authorisation of branches of third-country banks and the supervision of their activities in 
the EU, as well as set a transitional prudential regime for crypto assets and introduce amendments to 
enhance banks' management of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks.

--- Page 217 ---
216 
 
Save for certain exemptions, the majority of the CRR III provisions will be applied starting from 1 
January 2025, with certain elements of the Regulation phasing in over the years. Member States shall 
adopt and publish the CRD VI implementing measures by 10 January 2026 and they shall apply those 
provisions from 11 January 2026. 
From time to time, in line with the amendments made to the EU legislative framework, the Consolidated 
Banking Act and Circular No. 285, applicable also to less significant banks, have been updated to reflect 
the relevant changes to the provisions of the CRR. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU, providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”) entered into force. 
The BRRD provides the competent authorities with a set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution so that it can ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical 
financial and economic functions, whilst minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy 
and financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of 
business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all 
or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly 
or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to write down 
certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims 
including Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, 
other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire 
shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other 
instruments of ownership) (the “General Bail-In Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future 
application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and made use of the 
above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
burden sharing requirement of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. In particular, a single 
resolution fund financed by bank contributions at a national level is being established and Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 establishes the modalities for the use of the fund and the general criteria to determine 
contributions to the fund. 
An institution will be considered to be failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to 
be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as Subordinated Notes 
at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss 
absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity 
capital instruments may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution and/or its

--- Page 218 ---
217 
 
group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the 
institution and/or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as 
Subordinated Notes) are written-down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and the 
appropriate authority determines that without such support the institution would no longer be viable. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities also have the power – with reference to 
subordinated debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution – to 
amend or alter the maturity of such debt instruments and other eligible liabilities or amend the amount of 
interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured 
liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 of 16 November 2015 and 181/2015 (together, 
the “BRRD Decrees”), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) 
on 16 November 2015 and amended and supplemented by Legislative Decree No. 183 of 8 November 
2021, implementing BRRD II provisions in Italy. 
With respect to the BRRD Decrees, Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 sets forth 
provisions regulating resolution plans, the commencement and closing of resolution procedures, the 
adoption of resolution measures, crisis management related to cross-border groups, powers and functions 
of the national resolution authority and also the regulation of the national resolution fund. On the other 
hand, Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 introduces certain amendments to the Italian 
Banking Act and the Financial Services Act, by introducing provisions regulating recovery plans, intra-
group financial support, early intervention measures and changes to creditor hierarchy. Moreover, this 
decree also amends certain provisions regulating the extraordinary administration procedure 
(amministrazione straordinaria), in order to make them compliant with the European regulation. The 
regulation on the liquidation procedures applied to banks (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) are also 
amended in compliance with the new regulatory framework and certain new market standard practices. 
On 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(“Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860”) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the 
application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was published 
on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules specifying 
further the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution 
authority may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the write down or 
conversion powers where the General Bail-In Tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes 
such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the 
coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to the Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes Directive have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking 
which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not 
prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other 
types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 of 16 November 2015 has amended the bail-in creditor hierarchy in the 
case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution, by providing that, as from 1 
January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits 
of individuals and SMEs benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a 
ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of 
the deposit guarantee scheme. Article 108 of the BRRD has been further amended further to proposals by 
the European Commission to introduce a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments to facilitate credit institutions’ issuance of such loss absorbing debt instruments, by creating, 
inter alia, a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt instruments with a lower rank than ordinary 
senior unsecured debt instruments in insolvency. In such perspective, Article 108 of the BRRD aims at 
enhancing the implementation of the bail-in tool and at facilitating the application of the “minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” requirement concerning the loss absorption and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms described further below. The 
amendment to Article 108 has been ‘fast tracked’ through the adoption of Directive (EU) No. 2017/2399 
of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in

--- Page 219 ---
218 
 
insolvency hierarchy which was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 27 December 2017. Italian 
Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing 
provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt instruments. 
Pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 
16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in 
relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the 
extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered 
bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledges, lien or 
collateral which it is secured. In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain 
liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool, and (ii) the BRRD provides, in Article 44(3), 
that the resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application 
of the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may 
be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion upon 
application of the General Bail-In Tool while other pari passu ranking liabilities are partially or fully 
excluded from such application of the General Bail-In Tool. The safeguard set out in Article 75 of the 
BRRD would not provide any protection since Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve 
compensation for losses incurred by creditors which are in excess of those which would have been 
incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency proceedings rather than to address any such possible 
unequal treatment. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 of 16 November 2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the 
exercise of the statutory rights of set-off which are normally available under insolvency laws, in effect 
prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Each holder of 
Subordinated Notes and the Senior Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedies which it might otherwise have had, under the laws of 
any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes. Similarly, it is clear that the 
statutory right of set-off available under Italian insolvency laws will not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD impact credit institutions and investment firms and how they are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down/conversion into equity capital instruments on any 
application of the General Bail-In Tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non-viability loss 
absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any 
power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, 
materially adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the price or value of their investment in any 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The legislative decree to implement the revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy – namely, 
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 – has been published in the Italian Official Gazette No. 56 
of 8 March 2016. The Decree came into force on 9 March 2016, except for Article 1 comma 3, let. A), 
which came into force on 1 July 2018. Amongst other things, the Decree amends the Italian Banking Act 
and: (i) establishes that the maximum amount of reimbursement to depositors is EUR 100,000 (this level 
of coverage has been harmonised by the Directive and is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes); (ii) 
lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details 
intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee scheme; and (iv) harmonises the methods of 
reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
In addition to the capital requirements under the CRD IV Package, the BRRD introduces requirements for 
banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (the “MREL”). The aim is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and 
adapted for each category of bank on the basis of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding 
and to ensure adequate capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post resolution. 
The Bank of Italy is responsible for managing the crisis by preparing, in cooperation with the Single 
Resolution Board for significant banks or independently for less significant banks (including the Group), 
the resolution plans. The resolution plans focus on identifying the critical business units, assessing and 
addressing any impediments to resolution, defining an adequate MREL level, and determining the 
strategy and resolution mechanisms and tools to be used in the event of a crisis (pursuant to article 3 of 
Legislative Decree 72/2015). In the event of a crisis involving a significant bank, the Bank of Italy is also 
responsible for carrying out the resolution plan drawn up and approved by the Single Resolution Board;

--- Page 220 ---
219 
 
while, for Italian less significant banks, the Bank of Italy prepares the resolution plan for approval by the 
Minister of Economy and Finance (MEF) and implements it.” 
The BRRD, as amended by the EU Banking Reform, introduces a minimum harmonized MREL 
requirement (also referred to as a “Pillar 1 MREL requirement”) applicable to G-SIIs, to be satisfied 
only with own funds and eligible liabilities subordinated to excluded liabilities (even if, under specific 
conditions, part of the requirement may be satisfied with non-subordinated liabilities). In addition, all EU 
banks will be required to comply with a bank specific (in terms of calibration) MREL requirement (a 
“Pillar 2 MREL requirement”), which can be satisfied also through the use of non-subordinated 
liabilities, for the amount exceeding a minimum subordination level equal to 8% of TLOF (total liabilities 
and own funds) and applicable to G-SIBs and “Top Tier” banks (banks with assets exceeding Euro 100 
billion) only. However, if a bank is identified among the “riskiest” EU institutions, the Resolution 
Authority can decide to discretionally raise the applicable subordination requirement beyond the 
minimum level, in any case subject to the resolution authority assessment and determination. 
The Financial Stability Board published the “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) Term Sheet” on 9 
November 2015, applicable to G-SIBs (referred to as G-SIIs in the European Union framework). The EU 
Banking Reform has introduced amendments aimed at implementing and integrating the TLAC 
requirements into the general MREL rules, thereby avoiding duplication from the application of two 
parallel requirements and ensuring that both the TLAC and MREL requirements are met with largely 
similar instruments. The resolution authorities will also be able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, 
to require that G-SIIs comply with an institution-specific supplementary MREL requirement (a ‘Pillar 2’ 
add-on requirement). The TLAC requirement is at the moment applied only to the G-SIBs and 
consequently not applicable to the Group. 
Under the BRRD, where an entity fails to meet its combined buffer requirement when considered in 
addition to its minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, resolution authorities have the 
power to prohibit certain distributions in accordance with the restrictions on distributions provisions by 
reference to the Maximum Distributable Amount. The Relevant Authority may furthermore exercise its 
supervisory powers under Article 104 of the CRD IV in case of breach of the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities. 
Regulatory measures on NPLs 
Article n. 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation – CRR) specifies the 
definition of default of an obligor. In this regard, Article 178 of the CRR mandates the EBA to detail 
guidelines on the application of the definition of “default”. Consequently the “Guidelines on the 
application of the definition of default under Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013” (the 
“Guidelines” or “New DoD”) ruled all provisions related to the application of the definition of default of 
an obligor. The EBA has identified differing practices used by institutions as regards the definition of 
default and provided detailed clarifications on the application of the definition of default, which includes 
aspects such as the days past due criterion, indications of unlikeliness to pay, conditions for a return to 
non-defaulted status, application of the default definition in a banking group and specific aspects related 
to particular exposures (e.g., public exposures, factoring exposures). 
The Bank of Italy subsequently incorporated the guidelines into national regulatory provisions framework 
(in particular Circular no. 272 of 30 July 2008 and subsequent amendments – “Matrice dei Conti”), 
applicable from 1 of January 2021, as well as having issued some clarifications on the matter. 
Moreover, on 14 March 2018, the European Commission (the “EC”) published certain legislative 
proposals aimed at addressing the issues connected with the existing stock of NPLs held by European 
banks – namely (i) a proposal for a Regulation amending the CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for 
NPLs, which was later enacted through Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of 17 April 2019, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the “Prudential Backstop Regulation”) (also known as calendar 
provisioning); (ii) a proposal for a directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of 
collateral; and (iii) a blueprint on asset management companies, accompanying the EC’s “Second 
Progress Report” on NPLs. 
In parallel with the above proposals, on 15 March 2018 the ECB issued an addendum, “Addendum to the 
Guidance on non-performing loans” (the “ECB Addendum”) to its “Guidance to banks on NPLs of 
March 2017” (the “NPLs Guidance”). The ECB Addendum details the ECB supervisory expectations as

--- Page 221 ---
220 
 
regards the minimum levels of NPLs provisioning by significant credit institutions. These Guidelines 
(based on a Pillar 2 approach, to be incorporated into SREP decisions) are to be applied to all new non 
performing exposures (i.e. Past Due, Unlikely to Pay, Bad Loans) classified as such since 1 April 2018. 
The ECB Addendum sets out an expectation that, as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured NPLs must be fully 
covered after a period of two years from the date of their classification as NPLs. For example, the 
supervisor would expect a loan that is classified as an unsecured NPL on 1 May 2018 to be fully 
provisioned for by May 2020. For new secured NPLs, a certain level of provisioning is expected after 
three years of classification as an NPL, or “NPL vintage”, which then increases over time until year 
seven. In this case, if a secured loan was classified as an NPL on 1 May 2018, the supervisor would 
expect these NPLs to be at least 40 per cent. provisioned for by May 2021, and totally provisioned by 
May 2025. The potential gap between the coverage envisaged by the new rules and the provisions applied 
at the reference date can be addressed through a Core Tier 1 deduction or an increase of provisions. 
The Prudential Backstop Regulation imposes a “Pillar 1” minimum regulatory backstop for the 
provisioning of NPLs by EU banks. The minimum provisioning level is calculated by multiplying the 
value of the relevant NPLs within the portfolio by the factors indicated in the Prudential Backstop 
Regulation, which differ depending on (i) the number of years after the date on which the exposure was 
classified as non-performing, and (ii) whether the NPL is classified as “secured” or “unsecured” exposure 
(and if secured, whether the exposure is secured by immovable collateral or residential loan guaranteed 
by an eligible protection provider or is secured by other funded or unfunded credit protection), in 
accordance with the criteria set forth in the Prudential Backstop Regulation. In particular, under the 
Prudential Backstop Regulation the Issuer is required to apply a minimum provisioning level for NPLs 
equal to 100% after ten years (in case of exposures secured by immovable property or residential loan), 
eight years (in case of exposures secured by other funded or unfunded credit protection) or four years (in 
case of unsecured exposures) from the date when the exposure was classified as non-performing. If the 
aggregate amount of provisions and other eligible items is lower than such minimum provisioning level, 
any shortfall (so-called “insufficient coverage amount”) shall be fully deducted from CET1 items. 
The statutory prudential backstop applies only to exposures originated after the date of entry into force of 
the regulation and not to prior legacy exposures. However, the Prudential Backstop Regulation specifies 
that where the terms and conditions of an exposure which was incurred prior to the date of entry into 
force of the regulation are modified by the institution in a way that increases the institution’s exposure to 
the obligor, the exposure shall be considered as having been incurred on the date of the modification so 
that such exposure becomes subject to the new regime including the statutory prudential backstop. 
On 22 August 2019 the ECB published a revised version of its supervisory expectations for prudential 
provisioning for NPLs, as set forth in the ECB Addendum, with a view to align such expectations to the 
regulatory approach followed under the Prudential Backstop Regulation. The main changes introduced by 
the ECB relate to: (i) the scope of the supervisory expectations for new NPLs, which is now limited to 
NPLs arising from loans originated before 26 April 2019 (which are not subject to the Pillar 1 treatment 
provided under the Prudential Backstop Regulation); and (ii) the time frames for the relevant prudential 
provisioning, the progressive path to full implementation and the split of secured exposures and other 
guaranteed exposures, which have been aligned to the Prudential Backstop Regulation. 
In the context of the actions taken by the supervisory authorities to mitigate the effect of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the EU banks’ capital requirements, the ECB and the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) 
have issued statements in March 2020 aimed at providing clarity on aspects related to (i) the classification 
of loans in default, (ii) the identification of forborne exposures and (iii) the accounting treatment, with the 
ultimate goal to support government actions addressing the adverse systemic economic impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which have mostly taken the form of general moratoria and payment holidays. In 
this respect, in April 2020 the European Commission has also published (i) a proposal to amend the CRR 
in order to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic by adapting the timeline of the 
application of international accounting standards on EU banks’ capital, treating more favourably public 
guarantees granted during this crisis, postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer and 
excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; and (ii) an interpretative 
communication confirming the flexibility available to EU banks with respect to the classification of loans 
in connection with public and private moratoria.

--- Page 222 ---
221 
 
Also at a country level, the Italian Government has acted to introduce two reforms that might have impact 
on the forthcoming NPLs market. In particular: 
 
the reform of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, published on February 2019, introduced new 
requirements for business in order to timely identify and prevent financial crisis, with a specific 
timeline; 
 
the Decree for Growth (Decreto Crescita), published on April 2019, introduced new measures 
that could be easily applicable to still active borrowers, such as public guarantees on lending to 
SMEs, public aid on new financing and new securitization rules. 
Payment Services Directive 
On 13 November 2007, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 2007/64/EC 
(“PSD1”) to harmonize the payment services market and remove legal barriers for payments throughout 
the EU. PSD1 has, among others, introduced a licensing system for market access by payment service 
providers and regulated the relationship between payment service providers and consumers. PSD1 was 
intended to improve competition by opening up payment markets to new entrants, thereby encouraging 
greater efficiency and cost reduction, and, at the same time, to support the creation of a Single European 
Market for Retail Payment Services (“SEPA”). 
On 25 November 2015, PSD1 was repealed by Directive (EU) No 2015/2366 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council (“PSD2”), in light of the progress made in the integration of the payments market in 
the EU and the considerable technical innovations that have occurred since the adoption of PSD1. PSD2 
seeks to address the evolution of the payments market and respond to certain shortcomings of the 
previous regime, including, in particular: (i) the uneven application of the relevant rules in the different 
EU Member States; (ii) the existence of numerous exemptions from the scope of PSD1; and (iii) the 
regulatory vacuum in which many operators in the sector have operated under PSD1. 
To this end, PSD2 has: (i) broadened the scope of application of the provisions on payment services; (ii) 
introduced new payment services to cover services previously seen as merely complementary, such as the 
provision of payment orders and account information; and (iii) strengthened safeguards against 
operational and security risks related to payment services. 
The framework outlined by PSD2 supplemented by the implementing regulations of the European 
Commission that are directly applicable to recipients and by the guidelines established by the EBA 
(“EBA”). 
Within the framework set out in PSD2, it is envisaged, among others, that: 
 
unless the payment service user has acted fraudulently, in the case of an unauthorized payment 
transaction resulting from the use or misappropriation of a lost or stolen payment instrument, the 
payment service provider5 shall reimburse the amount of the unauthorized payment transaction 
that was executed after the loss, theft or misappropriation was reported to it. Notwithstanding the 
above, the payer may be obliged to bear the loss relating to unauthorized payment transactions 
resulting from the use of a lost or stolen payment instrument or from its misappropriation up to a 
maximum of €50,000; and 
 
in relation to information security, payment service providers are called upon to establish a 
framework of mitigation measures and appropriate control mechanisms to manage operational 
and security risks, relating to the payment services they provide, establish and manage effective 
incident management procedures, including for the identification and classification of serious 
operational and security incidents. Payment service providers are also required to initiate a 
process of archiving, monitoring and controlling access to sensitive payment data and are 
required to implement Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) when a payment service user 
accesses his payment account online, or makes an online payment, or carries out any action 
which may imply a risk of payment fraud or other abuse. 
 
5 
Credit institutions fall within the definition of “payment service providers”.

--- Page 223 ---
222 
 
In Italy, the fundamental principles governing the provision of payment services are contained in 
Legislative Decree no. 11 of January 27, 2010 (“Decree on Payment Services”), which implemented 
PSD1 and the Consolidated Banking Act. Legislative Decree no. 218 of 15 December 2017 (“Decree no. 
218”) implemented PSD2 in Italy, making significant changes to both the Consolidated Banking Act and 
the Decree on Payment Services SCA is regulated in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/389 
of 27 November 2017 supplementing Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for strong customer authentication and common and 
secure open standards of communication. 
Anti-money laundering 
The Group is subject to the provisions of law and regulations aimed at preventing money laundering and 
terrorist financing. These provisions are mainly contained in: 
 
Legislative Decree no. 231/07, as amended by: 
 
Legislative Decree no. 90 of 25 May 2017, which amended Legislative Decree no. 231 
of 21 November 2007 (“Decree 231/2007”), implementing Directive (EU) 2015/849 on 
the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering 
and terrorist financing, and amending Directives 2005/60/EC and 2006/70/EC and 
implementing Regulation (EU) no. 2015/847 on information accompanying transfers of 
funds that repeals Regulation (EC) no. 1781/2006; 
 
Legislative Decree no. 125 of 4 October 2019, which amended, inter alia, Legislative 
Decree no. 90 of 25 May 2017, implementing Directive (EU) 2018/843, amending 
Directive (EU) 2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the 
purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing and that amends Directives 
2009/138/EC and 2013/36/EU; 
 
The provisions adopted by the Bank of Italy, pursuant to Article 7, paragraph 1, letter a) of 
Decree 231/2007: 
 
The provisions adopted on 26 March 2019, as amended on 1 August 2023, regarding the 
organisation, procedures and internal controls aimed at preventing the use of 
intermediaries for the purposes of money laundering and terrorist financing; 
 
The provisions adopted on 30 July 2019, regarding the adequate verification of clients 
and for the fight against money laundering and terrorist financing; 
 
The provisions adopted by the Bank of Italy on 24 March 2020, pursuant to Articles 31, 32 and 
34 paragraph 3, regarding the storage and making available of documents, data and information 
for the fight against money laundering and terrorist financing; 
 
the provision regarding instructions on objective communications, adopted by the UIF (the 
Italian Financial Intelligence Unit) on 28 March 2019, pursuant to Article 47 of Decree 
231/2007. 
The abovementioned regulatory framework determines the requirement for the Issuer and the Group to, 
among other things, comply with the obligations on: (i) the adequate verification of customers; (ii) 
retention of data; (iii) reporting of suspicious transactions to the Financial Intelligence Unit set up at the 
Bank of Italy; (iv) the adequate training of personnel; (v) sending aggregate anti-money laundering 
reports; and (vi) the implementation of provisions on the limitation of the use of cash and bearer 
securities; and (vii) carrying out a periodical assessment of the group’s exposure to the risk of money 
laundering and terrorist financing. 
Depositary Regulation 
In relation to the securities services business carried out by the Issuer, the latter is subject to EU Directive 
2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) and to EU Directive 2009/65/EC on 
the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective 
investment in transferable securities (“UCITS Directive”) amending by Directive 2014/91/EU. The

--- Page 224 ---
223 
 
AIFMD and UCITS Directive seeks to regulate the activities of asset managers (“AM”) managing 
alternative investment fund managers (“AIFMs”) and undertakings collective investment in transferable 
securities (“UCITS”) whether or not marketed in the EU. The EU regulatory framework for the 
depositary is composed also of the provisions of Chapter IV of the European Commission Delegated 
Regulation No. 231/2013 supplementing AIFMD with regard to exemptions, general operating 
conditions, depositaries, leverage, transparency and supervision (the “Delegated Regulation 231”) and of 
the provisions of European Commission Delegated Regulation No. 2016/438 supplementing UCITS 
Directive with regard to obligations of depositaries (the “Delegated Regulation 438”). 
In accordance with article 21 of the AIFMD and article 22 of the UCITS Directive, AIFMs (or, as the 
case may be, AIFs) are required to appoint a depositary (i.e. the custodian bank) to exercise depositary 
functions with respect to AIFs and UCITSs (all together “Funds”) the appointment of the depositary shall 
be evidenced by written agreement under article 83 and ff. of the Delegated Regulation 231 and article 2 
of the Delegated Regulation 438, regulating, inter alia, the flow of information deemed necessary to 
allow the depositary to perform its functions for the AIF for which it has been appointed as depositary. 
The depositary is responsible for the proper monitoring of the Fund’s cash flows, and, in particular, for 
ensuring that investor money and cash belonging to the Fund, or to the AM acting on behalf of the Fund, 
is booked correctly on accounts opened in the name of the Fund or in the name of the AM acting on 
behalf of the Fund or in the name of the depositary acting on behalf of the Fund for the safe-keeping of 
the assets of the Fund, including the holding in custody of financial instruments that can be registered in a 
financial instruments account opened in the depositary’s books and all financial instruments that can be 
physically delivered to the depositary, and for the verification of ownership of all other assets by the Fund 
or the AM on behalf of the Fund. The depositary should act honestly, fairly, professionally, independently 
and in the interest of the Fund or of the investors of the Fund and, in this regard, the depositary shall not 
carry out activities with regard to the Fund or the AM that may create conflicts of interest between the 
Fund, the investors in the Fund, the AM and itself. 
The assets of the Fund or the AM acting on behalf of the Fund are entrusted to the depositary for safe-
keeping, as follows: (a) for financial instruments that can be held in custody: (i) the depositary shall hold 
in custody all financial instruments that can be registered in a financial instruments account opened in the 
depositary’s books and all financial instruments that can be physically delivered to the depositary; (ii) for 
that purpose, the depositary shall ensure that all those financial instruments that can be registered in a 
financial instruments account opened in the depositary’s books are registered in the depositary’s books 
within segregated accounts; (b) for other assets: (i) the depositary shall verify the ownership of the Fund 
or the AM acting on behalf of the Fund of such assets and shall maintain a record of those assets for 
which it is satisfied that the Fund or the AM acting on behalf of the Fund holds the ownership of such 
assets; (ii) the assessment whether the Fund or the AM acting on behalf of the Fund holds the ownership 
shall be based on information or documents provided by the Fund or the AM and, where available, on 
external evidence; (iii) the depositary shall keep its record up-to-date. In addition to the above, the 
depositary shall: (a) ensure that the sale, issue, re-purchase, redemption and cancellation of units or shares 
of the Fund are carried out in accordance with the applicable national law and the Fund rules or 
instruments of incorporation; (b) ensure that the value of the units or shares of the Fund is calculated in 
accordance with the applicable national law, the Fund rules or instruments of incorporation; (c) carry out 
the instructions of the AM, unless they conflict with the applicable national law or the Fund rules or 
instruments of incorporation; (d) ensure that in transactions involving the Fund’s assets any consideration 
is remitted to the Fund within the usual time limits; (e) ensure that an Fund’s income is applied in 
accordance with the applicable national law and the Fund rules or instruments of incorporation. 
In Italy, AIFMD, UCITS Directive, Delegated Regulation 231 and Delegated Regulation 438 were 
implemented by Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Consolidated Financial Act”) and 
the Bank of Italy’s regulation on collective asset management of 19 January 2015, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. Moreover, as to the role of the Issuer as custodian bank for Pension 
Funds, also Directive (EU) 2016/2341 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational 
retirement provision (IORPs) and Legislative Decree 252 of 2005 applies. Such Decree provides for 
additional requirements to be met by the Issuer in providing custodian and securities services to Pension 
Funds. 
MiFID 2 – Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments

--- Page 225 ---
224 
 
In relation to the securities services business carried out by the Issuer, the latter is subject to EU Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (“MiFID II”) and Regulation EU 600/2014 
(“MIFIR”). It is a cornerstone of the EU’s regulation of financial markets seeking to improve their 
competitiveness by creating a single market for investment services and activities and to ensure a high 
degree of harmonised protection for investors in financial instruments. MiFID sets out: 
 
conduct of business and organisational requirements; 
 
obligation to provide information; 
 
regulatory reporting; 
 
trade transparency obligation; 
 
record keeping obligation. 
For the purposes of this Directive and of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 the Issuer is involved in the 
investment service of “Dealing on own account”. 
The Issuer out its business in bonds, money market instruments and foreign exchange instruments by 
providing quotes, in response to requests from customers (Request for Quote (‘RFQ’) with customers 
classified for MiFID purposes as Eligible Counterparties / Professional Customers.

--- Page 226 ---
225 
 
TAXATION 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws and practice in force as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and practice occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe 
for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) 
may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in 
laws and if such a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (“Decree 239”) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income, including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price (“Interest”), from Notes falling within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued, 
inter alia, by Italian banks.  
Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, for securities to qualify as titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay 
at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal value or principal amount (“valore nominale”) and (ii) 
attribute to the Noteholders no direct or indirect right to control or participate to the management of the 
Issuer. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from 
regulatory capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory laws and regulations in 
effect since the Issue Date, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, other than shares and assimilated 
instruments, as set out by Article 2, paragraphs 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011, as 
converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected; (b) a non-commercial partnership; (c) a non-commercial private or public 
institution (other than UCIs as defined below); or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income 
taxation, unless the Noteholders has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see 
“Taxation of Capital Gains” below, Interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding 
period, are subject to a substitute tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent 
(either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes)  
In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be 
deducted from the taxation on income due.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
Interest relating to the Notes accrued after the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1(88-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently amended and in article 1, (210 - 215) of 
Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for 
long-term savings account established from 1 January 2020, in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as 
lastly amended and supplemented by article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by article 68 of Law Decree No. 
104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021.

--- Page 227 ---
226 
 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian commercial partnership or an Italian resident corporation or similar 
commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a Non-Italian resident company to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited in due time, together with the coupons 
relating to such Notes, with an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest from the Notes will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are 
therefore subject to general Italian income taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
“status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”)).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), and Article 9, par. 1, 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds (the “Real Estate Funds”) established pursuant to Article 37 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) or pursuant to Article 14-
bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital (the 
“Real Estate SICAFs” and, together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the “Real 
Estate UCIs”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate UCI is 
subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution.  
If the Noteholder is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than 
Real Estate Funds), a SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) 
or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the 
SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the 
“UCI”), and the relevant Notes are deposited in due time, together with the coupons relating to such 
Notes, with an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the UCI, but 
subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. (the “Collective Investment Fund Withholding 
Tax”).  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 
of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited in due time, together 
with the coupons relating to such Notes, with an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest relating to the 
Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period to be subject to a 20 per 
cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax if accrued after the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(88-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 
2016, as subsequently amended and in article 1, (210 - 215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as 
implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for long-term savings account established 
from 1 January 2020, in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as lastly amended and supplemented by 
article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of 
Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare) (a “SIM”), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies (società 
di gestione del risparmio) (a “SGR”), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the 
Ministry of Finance (each an “Intermediary”). 
An Intermediary must (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident bank or investment company and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the 
transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes 
includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of 
the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary or deposit account where the Notes 
are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld:

--- Page 228 ---
227 
 
(a) by any intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholder; or 
(b) by the Issuer, 
and Noteholders that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
companies to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct any imposta sostitutiva 
suffered from income taxes due.  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy in the tax sector as listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended 
according to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 September 
2015) (the “White List”); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is established in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List, 
even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the 
payments of Interest or an institutional investor and (a) deposit in due time, directly or indirectly, the 
Notes, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a centralised securities management system having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree 239 (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream), which is in 
contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the relevant depository, 
in due time, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in 
which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks 
or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended.  
Failure of a non-resident Noteholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 239 
and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interest 
payments to a non-resident Noteholder. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by 
the applicable double tax treaty, if any, subject to timely filing of required documentation provided by 
Measure of the Director of Italian Revenue Agency No. 2013/84404 of 10 July 2013) to Interest paid to 
Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, in countries not included in the White List. 
Further Issues  
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree 239, where the relevant Issuer issues a new tranche forming 
part of a single series with a previous tranche of notes, for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new tranche of notes will be deemed to be the 
same amount as the issue price of the original tranche of notes. This rule applies where (a) the new 
tranche of notes is issued within twelve months from the issue date of the previous tranche of notes and (b) 
the difference between the issue price of the new tranche of notes and that of the original tranche of notes 
does not exceed 1% multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Tax treatment of atypical securities 
Interest relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within neither the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) nor in the category of regulatory capital 
financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory laws and regulations issued by Italian 
banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments, as described under the caption “Tax treatment of 
Notes issued by the Issuer”, would qualify as atypical securities and, as a consequence thereof such Notes

--- Page 229 ---
228 
 
fall out of the scope of Decree 239 and may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per 
cent pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; (b) an Italian company or a 
similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian 
commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is 
a provisional withholding tax.  
In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any 
applicable tax treaty. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 or a 
pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005) may be exempt from the withholding tax on the proceeds relating to the Notes not 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) and issued by an Italian resident issuer, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in 
Article 1(88-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently amended and in article 1, (210 - 
215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and 
for long-term savings account established from 1 January 2020, in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, 
as lastly amended and supplemented by article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by article 68 of Law Decree 
No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021. 
Taxation of capital gains  
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes, both whether they fall within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or in the category of 
atypical securities, would be subject to the taxation regime described below. 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net 
value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) 
or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would 
be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set off 
losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital 
gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes issued by an Italian resident or White List resident 
Issuer, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(88-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 
December 2016, as subsequently amended and in article 1, (210 - 215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 
2018, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for long-term savings account 
established from 1 January 2020, in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as lastly amended and 
supplemented by article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, 
paragraph 27 of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may choose one of the three regimes 
described below.

--- Page 230 ---
229 
 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Noteholder pursuant 
to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in 
the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax 
due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may 
elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the 
Notes (the “risparmio amministrato” regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject 
to (a) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries 
(including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (b) an express election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository 
intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of 
its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax 
authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited 
to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be 
deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so-called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included, together with Interest relating to such Notes, 
in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at 
year end, subject to a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent., to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year 
end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the 
capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Real Estate UCI will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate UCI, but subsequent distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation, income of the Real Estate UCI is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the 
shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. 
Such result will not be taxed with the UCI, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders of 
shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes issued by an Italian resident or White List resident Issuer 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in 
Article 1(88-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently amended and in article 1, (210 - 
215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and 
for long-term savings account established from 1 January 2020, in article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, 
as lastly amended and supplemented by article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by article 68 of Law Decree 
No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident

--- Page 231 ---
230 
 
issuer and traded on regulated markets, or not held in Italy, are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other Italian income tax. 
Where the Notes are held in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale 
or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated markets are not subject 
to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country which allows 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy in the tax sector, as listed in the White List; or (b) is 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List, even if it does not possess the 
status of taxpayer therein. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the 
sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated markets, and held 
in Italy, are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent.  
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are connected that may benefit from a double taxation 
treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed 
only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on 
any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers 
in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and  
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Pursuant to article 6 Law no. 112/2016 (“Legge sul Dopo di Noi”) as amended by article 89, paragraph 8, 
Legislative Decree 3 July 2017, no.117, asset or other rights (a) contributed to a trust, or (b) subject to a 
scope restriction ex article 2645-ter Italian Civil Code, or (c) contributed to a special fund ruled by 
contratto di affidamento fiduciario, in favour of persons with severe disabilities, are exempt from 
inheritance and gift tax. Upon the death of the person with severe disabilities, inheritance and gift tax will 
be due by the last beneficiary of the transfer, to be specifically identified within the deed. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to 
the following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a 
rate of €200.00; and (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in the case of use or voluntary 
registration or occurrence of the so-called cross-reference (enunciazione). 
Italian financial transaction tax (so-called “Tobin Tax”) 
Article 1, paragraphs from 491 to 500, of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, as implemented by 
Ministerial Decree 21 February 2013 (the “IFTT Decree”), introduced a tax on financial transactions that

--- Page 232 ---
231 
 
applies to (i) the transfer of ownership in shares issued by companies having their registered office (“sede 
legale”) located in Italy (the “Chargeable Equity”); and (ii) transactions in derivative financial 
instruments over Chargeable Equity, and (iii) transactions in transferable securities giving the right to 
acquire or sell mainly one or more Chargeable Equity, or giving rise to a cash settlement determined 
mainly by reference to one or more Chargeable Equity, and (iv) high frequency trading transactions 
relating to shares or equity securitised or un-securitised derivatives, effected on the Italian financial 
market. 
Transactions related to financial instruments (other than shares and assimilated instruments pursuant to 
Article 44 of Decree No. 917), issued by Italian supervised banks, that qualify as bonds or are eligible as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital at the level of the issuer, under EU and Italian regulatory laws and regulations 
in effect, since the Issue Date, such as the Notes, are excluded from IFTT pursuant to art. 15(1)(b-bis) of 
the IFTT Decree. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree 201”), a proportional stamp 
duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries 
to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; and 
cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of 
the market value or, if no market value figure is available, the nominal value or redemption amount or in 
the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance 
activity within the Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities, including also 
trust and foundations, società semplici and similar partnerships (pursuant to art. 5 of Italian Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay 
an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (“IVAFE”). Starting from 2024, the rate has been increased to 
0.40% in case the Notes are held in territories having a preferential tax regime as listed by Italian 
Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or in the case the nominal or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Italian Law No. 227 of 4 August 
1990, as amended by Italian Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013 and subsequently amended by Italian Law No. 
50 of 28 March 2014 and Italian Law No. 225 of 1 December 2016, individuals, non-profit entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships) resident in Italy who hold investments 
abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and 
related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax 
return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax 
return). The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument under the Italian money-laundering law. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to Notes deposited 
for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, with respect to contracts 
entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes 
have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries and with respect to foreign investments which are 
only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate value never exceeds a €15,000 
threshold throughout the year.

--- Page 233 ---
232 
 
OECD common reporting standards in Italy 
The EU Savings Directive adopted on 3 June 2003, by the EU Council of Economic and Finance 
Ministers (as subsequently amended) on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments has 
been repealed from 1 January 2016 to prevent overlap between the Savings Directive and the new 
automatic exchange of information regime implemented under Council Directive 2011/16/EU on 
Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU). 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to address 
the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximizing efficiency and reducing cost for 
financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of 
financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting 
financial institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial 
information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of 
common due diligence and reporting procedures. The first information exchanges are expected to begin in 
2017. 
Italy has enacted Italian Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015 (“Law 95/2015”), implementing the CRS (and the 
amended EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation) Italian Ministerial Decree dated 28 December 
2015, which has entered into force on 1 January 2016, implemented Law 95/2015 and provides for the 
exchange of information in relation to the calendar year 2016 and later. 
In the event that the Noteholder holds the Notes through an Italian financial institution (as meant in the 
Italian Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 implementing Law 95/2015), they may be required to 
provide additional information to such financial institution to enable it to satisfy its obligations under the 
Italian implementation of the CRS. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission's Proposal”) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has ceased to 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in 
a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” (“FFI”) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign pass-through payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify

--- Page 234 ---
233 
 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. In particular, with the Law 18 July 2015 No. 95, 
the Republic of Italy ratified and enacted the IGA with the Unites State of America signed on 10 January 
2014. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign pass-through payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, 
if additional Notes (as described under Condition 16 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, 
the “ICSDs”) in all but the most remote circumstances it is expected that FATCA will not affect the 
amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by the Issuer, any paying agent, the 
depositary, or to the order of the common depositary or common safe keeper, given that each of the 
entities in the payment chain between the Issuer and the participants in the ICSDs is a major financial 
institution whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach 
introduced under an “IGA” will be unlikely to affect the Notes. However, FATCA may affect payments 
made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if 
any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. 
It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to 
receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its 
broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, 
other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA 
withholding. Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is 
compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA), provide each custodian or 
intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for 
such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. In addition, the 
Programme documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may be exchanged into 
definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a non-
FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. However, definitive notes will only 
be issued in remote circumstances. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are discharged 
once it has paid to the order of the common depositary or common safe keeper for the ICSDs (as bearer of 
the Notes) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through 
hands of the ICSDs and custodians or intermediaries. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 235 ---
234 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The original Dealer has, in a dealer agreement dated 11 October 2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”), agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which it or any other Dealer may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” above. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the relevant 
Dealer for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the relevant Dealer against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for 
the resignation or termination of appointment of the existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. For the purposes of this section, references in this section to “Dealer” and “Dealers” 
also refers to any Dealer or Dealers appointed subsequently. The Dealers are entitled in certain 
circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Subscription Agreement 
prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold 
or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send 
to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 236 ---
235 
 
(ii) 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of 
the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to 
the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (ii) it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
general compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors

--- Page 237 ---
236 
 
Unless the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(d) 
 the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
(e) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to 
the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that sales of the Notes in Italy shall be 
effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulation. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined 
pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (as amended from time to time) (“Regulation No. 
11971”).

--- Page 238 ---
237 
 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Italian 
Banking Act”) (in each case as amended from time to time); 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of 
Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 August 2015 (as 
amended from time to time), and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes except to (a) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as defined in 
article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and/or (b) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting 
for their own account, in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2 and D. 411-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or 
(ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA). 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any

--- Page 239 ---
238 
 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 240 ---
239 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Name and Legal Form of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy, is 
registered with number 07960110158 in the companies’ register of Milan and operates in accordance with 
the Italian Banking Act. 
Corporate Purpose 
The purpose of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 4 of the By-laws, is to collect savings and provide loans in 
various forms, both directly and through subsidiaries. In compliance with applicable regulations and after 
obtaining the necessary authorisations, the Issuer may carry out, directly or through its subsidiaries, all 
banking, financial and insurance transactions and services, including the establishment and management 
of open or closed-end pension schemes, and other activities that may be performed by lending 
institutions, including the issuance of bonds, the exercise of financing activities regulated by special laws 
and the sale and purchase of company receivables. 
The Issuer may carry out any other transaction that is instrumental or in any way related to the 
achievement of its corporate purpose. To pursue its objectives, the Issuer may adhere to associations and 
consortia of the banking system, both in Italy and abroad. 
In its capacity as parent company of the Group, pursuant to the laws from time to time in force, including 
Article 61, paragraph 4, of the Italian Banking Act, in exercising the activity of direction and coordination 
the Issuer issues guidelines to the Group’s members, also for the purpose of executing instructions issued 
by the regulatory authorities and in the interest of the stability of the Group. 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
Pursuant to Article 5 of the By-laws, as at 30 June 2024 the authorised share capital of the Issuer was 
Euro €144,433,656, which had been subscribed for and paid in for €144,433,656 and was represented by 
187,576,177 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the management board of the 
Issuer dated 26 July 2018. The update of the Programme was duly authorised on 25 July 2024. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 815600522538355AE429. 
Approval, Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that 
is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and to be listed on 
the Official List. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 241 ---
240 
 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer (https://investor.bff.com/en/home) and 
in physical form from the registered office of the Issuer and by appointment from the specified offices of 
the Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
(a) 
the Condensed Half-Yearly Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to interim financial 
reporting, International Accounting Standards 34, Interim Financial Reporting, and together with 
the accompanying notes and auditors’ report; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS and the Italian regulations 
implementing article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 
136/15 and together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports; 
(c) 
the articles of association (statuto) of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(f) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note, which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note upon reasonable request and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its proof of 
holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference; and 
(g) 
the Issuer’s “Social Bond Framework” and any amendment, supplement or replacement thereto 
that the Issuer may publish in connection with the issuance of Notes classified as “Social Bonds”. 
In addition copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto, each Final Terms relating to Notes 
which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market are available on Euronext Dublin’s 
website (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in Physical Form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code 
and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative 
clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The address of 
Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes 
will be in bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and principal place of 
business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Dematerialised Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information.

--- Page 242 ---
241 
 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Website and Telephone 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.bff.com/en/home and its telephone number is +39 02 49905.1. 
The information on https://www.bff.com/en/home does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except 
where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as described under “Description of the Issuer and the Group — Legal Proceedings and 
Investigations”, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer 
or the Group since 30 June 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2023.  
Litigation 
Save as described under “Description of the Issuer and the Group – Legal Proceedings and 
Investigations”, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
or the Group. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has no material contracts in place which could result in any member of the Group being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes, 
other than those contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Moody’s France SAS and DBRS Ratings GmbH is established in the European Union and 
registered in accordance with Regulation No. 1060/2009/EC of the European Parliament and the Council 
dated 16 September 2009 relating to credit rating agencies, and is included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Independent Auditors 
The Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer held on 2 April 2020 appointed the auditing firm KPMG S.p.A. 
to audit the financial statements from 2021 to 2029, pursuant to the provisions of article 2409-bis of the 
Italian Civil Code and Italian Legislative Decree 39/2010. 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of BFF Bank as at and for the years ended, 
respectively, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were audited by KPMG S.p.A., while the 
consolidated interim financial reports of BFF Bank as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 
30 June 2023 have been subject to limited review by KPMG S.p.A. 
KPMG S.p.A is registered under No. 70623 in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in compliance with 
the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF (Decree No. 144 of 20 
June 2012). The registered office of KPMG S.p.A. is at Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124, Milan, Italy.  
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in 
the sector in which the Issuer and/or their affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or

--- Page 243 ---
242 
 
may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of 
the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates 
may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future 
trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, 
for the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” also includes a parent company. 
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be 
payable to the relevant Dealers. 
In addition, a Calculation Agent may be appointed by the Issuer in connection with specific Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme, as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. The Calculation Agent will 
be an agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders, therefore potential conflicts of interest may 
exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a 
Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation 
Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions.  
The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each 
issue/offer of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 244 ---
THE ISSUER 
BFF Bank S.p.A. 
Via Domenichino, 5  
20149 Milan 
Italy 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to English law and Italian law 
 
White & Case LLP 
Piazza Diaz, 2 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
To the Issuer as to Italian tax law 
 
Gatti Pavesi Bianchi Ludovici 
Piazza Borromeo 8 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
To the Sole Arranger and Dealer as to English and Italian law 
 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
AUDITORS 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
SOLE ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2  
Ireland