--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus 
28 July 2022 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
On 28 November 1996 BGL BNP Paribas (previously known as Fortis Banque Luxembourg S.A. and most recently known as BGL Société Anonyme) (the "Issuer" or the 
"Bank" or "BGL") entered into a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") which was subsequently amended on 29 October 1997, on 18 December 1998, 
on 28 June 2000, on 6 August 2001, on 6 August 2002, on 29 July 2003, on 1 October 2003, on 29 July 2004, on 2 March 2005, on 29 September 2005, on 22 August 2006, 
on 13 November 2007 as supplemented by a Supplement dated 16 May 2008, on 9 June 2009, on 6 July 2010 as supplemented by a Supplement dated 14 September 2010, 
on 13 July 2011, on 22 June 2012, on 24 June 2013 as supplemented by Supplements dated 9 October 2013 and 5 December 2013, on 24 June 2014 as supplemented by 
Supplements dated 14 July 2014, 25 July 2014 and 25 September 2014, on 24 June 2015 as supplemented by Supplements dated 16 October 2015, 18 January 2016 and 24 
May 2016, on 22 June 2016 as supplemented by Supplements dated 13 September 2016 and 29 May 2017, on 20 June 2017 as supplemented by a Supplement dated 
25 September 2017, on 20 June 2018 as supplemented by a Supplement dated 2 November 2018, on 21 June 2019 as supplemented by a Supplement dated 22 October 2019, 
on 9 July 2020, on 13 July 2021 and on the date hereof. Any Notes issued under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. This does not affect the 
terms and conditions of any Notes already in issue or any Notes issued after the date hereof and forming a single series with Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
Under this Programme the Issuer may, either directly or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, acting through any branch, from time to time issue notes (the "Notes"), which 
expression shall include Euro Notes and Luxembourg Notes (each as defined below) denominated in any currency as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). The Notes will rank as senior obligations of the Issuer. The Notes will either be Euro Notes ("Euro Notes") or Luxembourg Notes ("Luxembourg 
Notes"). The Euro Notes (which may be in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes")) will be governed by English law. The Luxembourg Notes 
(which will be Bearer Notes only) will be governed by Luxembourg law. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date through to (and including) 28 July 2023 in relation 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") only applies to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available 
under section 86 of the FSMA. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be (i) admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation ("Non-exempt Notes") or (ii) neither admitted to trading on (a) a regulated market in the EEA, or (b) a 
UK regulated market as defined in UK MiFIR, nor offered in (a) the EEA or (b) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be ("Exempt Notes"). The Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the "CSSF") 
has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus in respect of Non-exempt Notes by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by 
the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. At the start of each relevant section of this Base Prospectus an indication is given whether the section applies to Exempt Notes, Non-exempt 
Notes or both.  Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of this 
Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the "Bourse de Luxembourg", which is the name of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the "Luxembourg Regulated Market") or on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Regulated Market. Application may also be made to Euronext Brussels 
for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Brussels, 
which is the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (the "Belgian Regulated Market").  Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this 
document as a base prospectus in respect of Exempt Notes in accordance with Part IV of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the 
"Luxembourg Prospectus Act"), and for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF 
Market") (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF).  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been (a) admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and have either been admitted to trading on (i) the Luxembourg Regulated Market or (ii) the Euro MTF Market or (b) have been admitted to listing and 
trading on the Belgian Regulated Market. The Luxembourg Regulated Market (including the professional segment of the Luxembourg Regulated Market) and the Belgian 
Regulated Market are each a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). The Euro MTF 
Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and is not subject to the supervision of the CSSF. 
BY APPROVING THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 20 OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION, THE CSSF SHALL GIVE 
NO UNDERTAKING AS TO THE ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF THE OPERATION OR THE QUALITY OR SOLVENCY OF THE 
ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 6(4) OF THE LUXEMBOURG PROSPECTUS ACT. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified on page 3 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the "Relevant Dealer" 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks, including the risks in relation to their subordination, the circumstances in which the Notes may 
be written down or converted to ordinary shares and the implications on prospective purchasers of Notes (such as a substantial loss). The circumstances in which such 
prospective purchasers may suffer loss as a result of holding the Notes are difficult to predict and the quantum of any loss incurred by investors in the Notes in such 
circumstances is also highly uncertain. The Notes are complex products and there may be significant risks inherent in the holding of the Notes. For a discussion of these risks 
see "Risk Factors".  Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined on page 186 or 237, as the case may be) of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be set forth in the final terms (the "Final 
Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market (including the professional segment of 
the Luxembourg Regulated Market) or to be listed and admitted to trading on the Belgian Regulated Market, will be filed with the CSSF or the Belgian Regulated Market 
(as the case may be). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Belgian Regulated Market will also be published on the website of Euronext 
(www.euronext.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). Copies of Pricing 
Supplements will be available as described under "Documents available" on page 386 hereof. Any reference in this Base Prospectus to "relevant Final Terms", "applicable 
Final Terms" or "Final Terms" will be deemed to include a reference to "relevant Pricing Supplement", "applicable Pricing Supplement" or "Pricing Supplement", respectively 
in relation to Exempt Notes, to the extent applicable. 
Under the Luxembourg Prospectus Act which implements certain provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, an offer to the public or the admission to trading on a regulated 
market of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and complying with the definition of securities is regulated under part III of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Act and shall either (a) require due approval of a simplified prospectus by the CSSF or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as the case may be pursuant

--- Page 2 ---
2 
to part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act; or (b) be exempt from or constitute a transaction not subject to, the requirement to publish a simplified prospectus under part 
III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. Under the Luxembourg Prospectus Act, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to the approval provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any markets. The Issuer has requested the CSSF to 
provide to the relevant competent authority of Belgium and France respectively with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. In accordance with Article 25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer reserves the right to request the CSSF to provide any 
other competent authority with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global note ("Temporary Global Note") or a permanent 
global note ("Permanent Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, "Global Notes"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms and Registered 
Notes will be represented by a global certificate ("Global Certificate").  Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in a new global note ("NGN") form (such 
Global Note being a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms will be deposited on the relevant issue date with, or with a nominee for, a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or a depositary for any other relevant 
clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s).  Each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form (a "New Global Note" or 
"NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together the "ICSDs") 
acting as a common safekeeper for the ICSDs. Notes represented by a Global Certificate which are not intended to be issued under the a new safekeeping structure ("NSS") 
(the Notes represented by such Global Certificate being issued under the classic safekeeping structure or "CSS"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on the relevant issue date with, and will be registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or a depositary for any other relevant clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s). Notes represented by a Global 
Certificate which are intended to be issued under the NSS, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, on or around the relevant issue date, will be deposited with and registered 
in the name of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper for the ICSDs.  The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (as provided in the applicable Final Terms) 
for either a Permanent Global Note or Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"), in each case (unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms) upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, and a Global Certificate will be exchangeable for individual certificates ("Individual Certificates"), only in the limited circumstances 
described in "Form of the Notes" below. 
BGL's long-term credit ratings are A2 with a stable outlook (Moody's France S.A.S. ("Moody's")), A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")) 
and A+ with a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")) and BGL's short-term credit ratings are P-1 (Moody's), A-1 (S&P) and F1 (Fitch). 
Moody's credit rating in respect of the Programme is (P)A2 (Senior Unsecured). S&P's credit ratings in respect of the Programme are: (i) A+ (Senior Unsecured Debt maturing 
in one year or more) and (ii) A-1 (Senior Unsecured Debt maturing in less than one year). Fitch's credit ratings in respect of the Programme are AA- (long-term senior 
unsecured) and F1+ (short-term senior unsecured). 
A short description of the ratings is provided below based on the publicly available definitions published by each of the rating agencies. 
Moody's 
Obligations rated 'A' by Moody's are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.  Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic 
rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; and the modifier 2 indicates a 
mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated 'P-1' by Moody's have a 
superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations.  A Moody's "stable" outlook indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term.  A negative, positive 
or developing outlook indicates a higher likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. MTN programme ratings by Moody's are intended to reflect the ratings likely 
to be assigned to drawdowns issued from the programme with the specified priority of claim (e.g. senior or subordinated). To capture the contingent nature of a programme 
rating, Moody's assigns provisional ratings to MTN programs. A provisional rating is denoted by a (P) in front of the rating and is assigned when the assignment of a definitive 
rating is subject to the fulfilment of contingencies that are highly likely to be completed. Upon fulfilment of these contingencies, such as finalization of documents and 
issuance of the securities, the provisional notation is removed. 
S&P 
Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings: An obligor rated 'A' by S&P has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. Short-Term Issuer Credit Ratings: An obligor rated 'A-1' has strong capacity 
to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P. Rating Outlooks: A S&P rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit 
rating over the intermediate term (typically six months to two years). In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in the economic and/or 
fundamental business conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a rating change or future CreditWatch action. Stable means that a rating is not likely to change.  
Long Term Issue Credit Ratings: A long term obligation rated 'A' by S&P is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories.  However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. Short Term Issue 
Credit Ratings: A short-term obligation rated 'A-1' is rated in the highest category by S&P.  The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is 
strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on these 
obligations is extremely strong. 
Fitch 
'AA' ratings by Fitch denote expectations of very low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered very strong. This capacity is not 
significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events.  The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating by Fitch to denote relative status within major rating categories.  An 'F1' 
rating by Fitch indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments.  Rating Outlooks applied by Fitch indicate the direction a rating is 
likely to move over a one- to two-year period. They reflect financial or other trends that have not yet reached or been sustained the level that would cause a rating action, but 
which may do so if such trends continue.  A Positive rating Outlook indicates an upward trend on the rating scale.  Conversely, a Negative rating Outlook signals a negative 
trend on the rating scale.  Positive or Negative rating Outlooks do not imply that a rating change is inevitable and, similarly, ratings with Stable Outlooks can be raised or 
lowered without a prior revision to the Outlook. 
The information set out above relating to the description of the ratings has been extracted from the website of the relevant rating agency. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from such websites, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with the second paragraph on the following page. 
Each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such each of 
Moody's, S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Some Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may 
be assigned a specific rating that will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme or may not receive a credit rating. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Issuer by the relevant rating agency.  None of Moody's, S&P or Fitch are established in the United Kingdom in accordance with Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") but each is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the 
United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's, S&P and Fitch may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the relevant assigning rating agency.  Please also refer to "Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not 
reflect all the risks associated with an investment in the Notes" in the Risk Factors section of this Base Prospectus. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned 
to the Programme. Whether or not each credit rating in relation to relevant tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to

--- Page 3 ---
3 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  Please also refer to "Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the 
risks associated with an investment in the Notes" in the Risk Factors section of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any State or 
other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and, until the expiry of 
the period of 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all of the Notes of the relevant Tranche, may not be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (as such term is defined in Regulation S) except 
in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Trading in the Notes 
has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
BGL BNP Paribas 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealer 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 4 ---
4 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. When used 
in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is 
the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains 
no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus including, amongst others, the French Annual 
Report 2021 and the French Annual Report 2020 (each as defined below) (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such documents are incorporated by reference into and form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than 
in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Copies of Final Terms (in the case of Notes listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Regulated Market (including the professional segment of the Luxembourg Regulated 
Market) or admitted to listing and trading on the Belgian Regulated Market) will be available on the 
website of the Issuer at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html and will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) (in the case of Notes 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market (including the 
professional segment of the Luxembourg Regulated Market)) and will be published on the website of 
Euronext (www.euronext.com) (in the case of Notes admitted to listing and trading on the Belgian 
Regulated Market). Copies of the Final Terms (in case of Notes offered to the public and not listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market (including the 
professional segment of the Luxembourg Regulated Market)) will be available on the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html and published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") (i) in the case of Non-exempt Notes, as completed by a 
document specific to such Tranche called Final Terms or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, as 
completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced by a document specific to such Tranche called 
Pricing Supplement. Where any of such terms relating to an issue of Non-exempt Notes constitute a 
"significant new factor" relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, either a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus setting out the relevant terms will be submitted for approval or 
such terms, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of 
Notes, will be contained in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In the case of a 
Tranche of Non-exempt Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. This Base Prospectus should be read in 
conjunction with any supplement hereto and any other documents or information incorporated herein 
by reference and in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes which is the subject of Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
The Dealers have not independently verified any of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in respect of the Programme or Notes issued thereunder. No Dealer accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or Notes issued 
thereunder. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for, or to purchase, any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF THE NOTES 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of any 
offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes 
may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes outside Luxembourg, France or Belgium, or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that 
all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States, the European Economic Area (including, for these purposes, Belgium and France), the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland, Hong Kong and Japan (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Bearer Notes are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation

--- Page 6 ---
6 
S, and, until the expiry of the period of 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all of the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche, may not be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a person that is a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S except in accordance 
with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  Trading in the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
Notes issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a Collective Investment 
Scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 (the 
"CISA"), as amended, and have not been approved by the Swiss Financial Markets Supervisory 
Authority ("FINMA"). Investors in the Notes will not benefit from supervision by FINMA. Notes 
issued under the Programme are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. 
Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS– If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors" as: 
(i) 
"Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA 
or the United Kingdom (the "UK"). Consequently, no key information document required by 
(i) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA, or (ii) Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared, and therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
"Applicable, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be 
made available", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA 
or the UK, other than in those jurisdiction(s) where a key information document required 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be, will be 
made available. Consequently, no key information document required by (i) the PRIIPs 
Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA, or (ii) the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared, other than 
in respect of the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made available, 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
"Not applicable", then the Notes may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or the UK, provided that, where a key information document is required 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be, the Notes 
may only be offered, sold or otherwise made available to retail investors in the EEA or the 
UK in jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document has been made available. 
Consequently, if no key information document required by (i) the PRIIPs Regulation for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA, 
or (ii) the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared, offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the UK may be unlawful

--- Page 7 ---
7 
under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be, other than in 
respect of the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made available. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
 
in the case of retail investors in the EEA: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 the ("Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
 
in the case of retail investors in the UK: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In the case of Non-Exempt Notes, a statement will 
be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
"benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. Certain "benchmarks" may not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation and transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may 
apply such that the administrator of a particular "benchmark" is not required to be included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or SONIA as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus European Money Markets Institute 
(as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA Register. 
The administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England, does not appear on the ESMA Register. As far as 
the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
MiFID product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target

--- Page 8 ---
8 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled UK MiFIR product 
governance / target market assessment" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Guidance under the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA") circular  - In October 2018, 
the HKMA issued a circular regarding enhanced investor protection measures on the sale and 
distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features and related products (the "HKMA 
Circular"). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments with loss-absorption features, being subject 
to the risk of being written-down or converted to ordinary shares, and investment products that invest 
mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the performance of such instruments (together, 
"Loss-Absorption Products"), are to be targeted in Hong Kong at professional investors (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and its subsidiary legislation, 
"Professional Investors") only. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme contain loss-absorption features 
and may be considered Loss-Absorption Products under the HKMA Circular. Investors in Hong 
Kong should not purchase such Notes with loss-absorption features unless they are Professional 
Investors and understand the risks involved. Such Notes are generally not suitable for retail 
investors in Hong Kong in either the primary or the secondary markets. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has 
been derived from the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (together, the "Financial Statements"). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Financial Statements have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted 
by the European Union. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as may 
be amended, from time to time.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$", "$", "USD" and "U.S. cent" refer to the 
lawful currency of the United States of America, those to "Japanese Yen", "Yen", "JPY" and "¥" refer 
to the lawful currency of Japan, those to "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, those to "Swiss Francs" and "CHF" refer to the lawful currency of Switzerland, 
those to "HKD" or "Hong Kong Dollars" refer to the lawful currency of Hong Kong and those to 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" refer to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................... 11 
Risk Factors ..................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Investment Considerations .............................................................................................................................. 53 
Important Information Relating To Non-Exempt Offers of Notes .................................................................. 59 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses....................................................................................................... 66 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................... 67 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................ 71 
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt Notes ................................................................................................... 77 
Form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt Notes ............................................................................................ 132 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................... 183 
Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes ...................................................................................................... 183 
Terms and Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes ......................................................................................... 235 
Schedule 1: Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts .................................................................... 278 
Schedule 2: Additional Terms and Conditions of Inflation Index Linked Notes .................................... 302 
Schedule 3: Additional Terms and Conditions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes ............. 309 
Schedule 4: Additional Terms and Conditions of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes .................... 319 
Schedule 5: Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Index Linked Notes ..................................... 326 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................................. 343 
Description of BGL ....................................................................................................................................... 344 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................................... 357 
Taxation ......................................................................................................................................................... 368 
General Information ...................................................................................................................................... 386

--- Page 11 ---
11 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
This overview constitutes a general description of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in the "Form of the Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this overview.  
Issuer 
 
BGL BNP Paribas 
 
 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): UAIAINAJ28P30E5GWE37 
Risk Factors 
 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under this Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks and legal 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme, risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of Notes and for Underlying Reference Linked 
Notes risks relating to the Underlying Reference or the disruption, adjustment and 
early redemption provisions of a particular Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk Factors". Additional 
considerations associated with an investment in the Notes are also set out under 
"Investment Considerations".  
Description of the 
Notes under this 
Base Prospectus 
 
Notes issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Certain 
Restrictions 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
Arranger 
 
BGL BNP Paribas 
Dealer 
 
BNP Paribas ("BNPP") and any other Dealers as may be appointed from time to 
time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution 
 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Agent, 
Transfer 
Agent 
and 
Registrar 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and 
including the date on which the intagroup merger with BNPP takes effect (being 
1 October 2022 or such other date notified to Noteholders in accordance with the 
Conditions), will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg). 
Currencies 
 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in EUR, GBP, USD, JPY, CHF, HKD and any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities 
 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be

--- Page 12 ---
12 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue are 
accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they 
are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Issue Price 
 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or partly-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
 
The Notes will either be Euro Notes or Luxembourg Notes. As described in "Form 
of the Notes" Euro Notes may be in bearer form or registered form and 
Luxembourg Notes will be in bearer form only.  
Type of Notes 
 
The Issuer may issue: 
 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes, where the interest amount (if any) payable will be 
calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest. 
 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes, where the interest amount (if any) payable will be 
calculated by reference to a floating rate plus or minus a margin. 
 
 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes and other non-interest bearing Notes which do not 
bear or pay interest, but may be issued at a discount to their principal 
amount. 
 
 
(d) 
Fixed Redemption Notes, where the redemption amount is a specified 
percentage of the principal amount. 
 
 
(e) 
Inflation Index-Linked Notes, where the redemption amount and/or 
interest amount (if any) payable will be linked to the performance of one 
or more inflation indices. 
 
 
(f) 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, where the redemption 
amount and/or interest amount (if any) payable will be linked to one or 
more currency exchange rates. 
 
 
(g) 
Equity Index-Linked Notes, where the redemption amount and/or interest 
amount (if any) payable will be linked to one or more equity indices. 
 
 
(h) 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes, where the redemption amount 
and/or interest amount (if any) payable will be linked to one or more 
underlying interest rates. 
 
 
The Issuer may also issue combinations of the above Notes and Exempt Notes 
(including Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes and Variable Interest Rate 
Notes) where the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Interest 
 
The Notes may or may not bear or pay interest. Interest bearing or paying Notes 
will be any of Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked 
Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity Index-
Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes or Variable 
Interest Rate Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Interest payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to a fixed rate, a 
floating rate, a Fixed Income Interest Rate or a SPS Interest Rate. 
 
 
Interest will be calculated and payable on such date or dates as determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue of the relevant Notes. 
 
 
Interest Rates may be subject to a maximum and/or a minimum. 
Fixed Income and 
SPS Interest Rates 
 
Fixed Income Interest Rates 
FI Digital Coupon 
Range Accrual Coupon 
Combination Floater Coupon 
PRDC Coupon 
FI Digital Floor Coupon 
FI Digital Cap Coupon 
FI Target Coupon 
FI FX Vanilla Coupon 
FI Digital Plus Coupon 
SPS Interest Rates 
SPS Variable Amount Coupon 
(see Payout Conditions 1.1 and 2.1) 
Redemption 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified instalments, for 
taxation reasons, following an Event of Default or after the occurrence of certain 
other specified early redemption events) or that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) and/or the Noteholders (Noteholder Put). 
Final Redemption 
 
The Notes may be redeemable by payment of a specified percentage of their 
principal amount or an amount calculated by reference to a Final Payout in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Redemption provisions 
for Exempt Notes may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Final Payouts 
 
FI FX Vanilla Notes 
FI Inflation Notes 
Vanilla Call Notes 
Certi plus Generic Knock-in Notes 
SPS Securitizer Notes

--- Page 14 ---
14 
SPS Capped Twin Win Notes 
SPS Athena Notes 
(See Payout Conditions 1.1 and 2.1) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Notes will be redeemed early 
at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement). 
Issuer 
Call/Noteholder 
Put 
 
If an Issuer Call or an Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) and Optional Redemption Amount(s) will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement). 
Early Redemption 
 
The Notes may be redeemable at the Early Redemption Amount for taxation 
reasons, following an Event of Default, (if specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
at the option of the Issuer or the Noteholders, following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, (in the case of Inflation Index Rate-Linked 
Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-
Linked Notes) the Issuer's obligations under the Notes becoming unlawful and in 
certain circumstances related to an Underlying reference. 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
 
The Early Redemption Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Redemption 
by 
Instalments 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) in respect of Instalment Notes will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Taxation 
 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made without deduction for or on account 
of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 
(in the case of Euro Notes) and Condition 7 (in the case of Luxembourg Notes).  
In the event that any deduction is made, the Issuer will not, or will not save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (in the case of Euro Notes) 
and Condition 7 (in the case of Luxembourg Notes), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts deducted for or on account of the withholding taxes 
described above. 
Negative Pledge 
 
The terms of the Euro Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as provided 
in Condition 3. The Luxembourg Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Governing Law 
 
The Euro Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them will be governed by English law. The Luxembourg Notes and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be governed 
by Luxembourg law. 
Status 
 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (in the case of 
Euro Notes only, subject to the provisions of the Issuer's negative pledge) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall, at all times, rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law)

--- Page 15 ---
15 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, 
if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
Ratings 
 
BGL's long-term credit ratings are A2 with a stable outlook (Moody's France 
S.A.S ("Moody's")), A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P")) and A+ with a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch")). 
BGL's short-term credit ratings are P-1 (Moody's), A-1 (S&P) and F1 (Fitch). 
Moody's credit ratings in respect of the Programme is (P)A2 (Senior Unsecured).  
S&P's credit ratings in respect of the Programme are: (i) A+ (Senior Unsecured 
Debt maturing in one year or more) and (ii) A-1 (Senior Unsecured Debt maturing 
in less than one year).  Fitch's credit ratings in respect of the Programme are AA- 
(long-term senior unsecured) and F1+ (short-term senior unsecured). 
The Notes may be rated or unrated. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading 
 
Application may be made to (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Luxembourg 
Regulated Market, and/or (ii) Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the 
Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Brussels, which is the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels.  Application has been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of 
this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including the 
professional segment of the Euro MTF Market).  
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling 
Restrictions 
 
The Notes will be freely transferable, subject to the offering and selling 
restrictions in Belgium, France, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Hong Kong, 
Japan, the United States of America and under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
laws of any other jurisdiction in which the relevant Notes are offered or sold.  
Exempt Notes 
 
Under this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may also issue Exempt Notes (being Notes 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation) and any terms and conditions not contained in this Base Prospectus 
which are applicable to such Exempt Notes will be set out in the Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There are a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to perform its obligations under 
the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result 
of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base 
Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to 
perform its obligations under the Notes. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and 
expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The main categories of risk inherent in BGL's business are presented below. They may be measured 
through risk-weighted assets or other quantitative or qualitative indicia, to the extent risk-weighted 
assets are not relevant (for example, for liquidity and funding risk). 
 
 
 
Risk-weighted assets 
In millions of euros 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Credit risk 
23.522,6 
23.105,6 
Counterparty credit risk 
79,0 
82,9 
Securitisation risk in the banking book 
31,4 
6,8 
Market risk 
4,8 
0,2 
Operational risk 
1.712,5 
1.991,3 
Equity risk 
2.007,7 
1.675,2 
TOTAL 
27.358,1 
26.862,0 
More generally, the risks to which BGL is exposed may arise from a number of factors related, among 
others, to changes in its macroeconomic or regulatory environment or factors related to the 
implementation of its strategy and its business. 
The material risks specific to BGL's business are presented below under seven main categories, 
pursuant to article 16 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, dated 14 June 2017, of which the provisions 
relating to risk factors entered into force as of 21 July 2019: credit risk, counterparty risk and 
securitisation risk in the banking book; operational risk; market risk; liquidity and funding risk; risks 
related to the macroeconomic and market environment; regulatory risks; and risks related to the 
implementation of BGL's growth in its current environment. 
BGL's risk management policies have been taken into account in assessing the materiality of these 
risks in particular, risk-weighted assets factor in risk mitigation elements to the extent eligible in 
accordance with applicable banking regulations.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
The above figures are extracted from the document "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 31 
décembre 2021" (see on page 82) published by BGL and referred to in the French Annual Report 2021. 
Credit Risk, Counterparty Risk and Securitisation Risk in the Banking Book 
BGL's credit risk is defined as the probability of a borrower or counterparty defaulting on its 
obligations to BGL. Probability of default along with the recovery rate of the loan or debt in the event 
of default are essential elements in assessing credit quality. In accordance with the European Banking 
Authority recommendations, this category of risk also includes risks on equity investments, as well as 
those related to insurance activities. As of 31 December 2021, BGL's credit risk exposure broke down 
as follows (in millions of euros): corporates (17,575.8), retail customers (24,816.3), central 
governments and central banks (15,755.6)), credit institutions (7,584.7), and other items (2,257.1 
including deferred tax assets).  
As at 31 December 2021, 37.8% of BGL's credit exposure was comprised of exposures in 
Luxembourg, 17.3% in France, 3.8% in Belgium, 18.8% in other European countries, 0.1% in North 
America, and 1.5% in the rest of the world. BGL's risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk 
amounted to EUR 21,788.5 million at 31 December 2021, or 79.6% of the total risk-weighted assets 
of BGL. 
See the document "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 31 décembre 2021" published by BGL 
for the risk-weighted assets (on page 82)..  
BGL's counterparty risk arises from its credit risk in the specific context of market transactions, 
investments, and/or settlements. BGL's exposure to counterparty risk, excluding Credit Valuation 
Adjustment ("CVA") risk as at 31 December 2021, is comprised of: 9.0% to the corporate sector, and 
91.0% to credit institutions and investment firms. By product, BGL's exposure, excluding CVA risk, 
as at 31 December 2021 was comprised of: 93.11% in derivatives and 6.9% in repurchase transactions 
and securities lending/borrowing. The amount of this risk varies over time, depending on fluctuations 
in market parameters affecting the potential future value of the covered transactions. In addition, CVA 
risk measures the risk of losses related to CVA volatility resulting from fluctuations in credit spreads 
associated with the counterparties to which BGL is subject to risk. The risk-weighted assets subject to 
counterparty credit risk amounted to EUR 79.0 million at 31 December 2021, representing 0.3% of 
BGL's total risk-weighted assets. 
See the document "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 31 décembre 2021" published by BGL 
(on page 85). 
Securitisation risk in the banking book: securitisation is a transaction or arrangement by which the 
credit risk associated with a liability or set of liabilities is subdivided into tranches. Any commitment 
made by BGL under a securitisation structure (including derivatives and liquidity lines) is considered 
to be a securitisation. The bulk of BGL's commitments are in the prudential banking portfolio. 
Securitized exposures are essentially those generated by BGL. The risk-weighted assets subject to this 
type of risk amounted to EUR 31.4 million at 31 December 2021 for BGL, or 0.1% of the total risk-
weighted assets of BGL. 
See the document "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 31 décembre 2021" published by BGL 
(on page 82). 
A substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded provisions 
exposed to credit risk and counterparty risk could adversely affect BGL's results of operations and 
financial condition 
Credit risk and counterparty risk impact BGL's consolidated financial statements when a customer or 
counterparty is unable to honour its obligations and when the book value of these obligations in BGL's 
records is positive. The customer or counterparty may be a bank, a financial institution, an industrial

--- Page 18 ---
18 
or commercial enterprise, a government or a government entity, an investment fund, or a natural 
person. If the default rate of customers or counterparties increases, BGL may have to record increased 
charges or provisions in respect of irrecoverable or doubtful loans (Stage 3) increases or of performing 
loans (Stages 1 and 2) in response to a deterioration in economic conditions or other factors, which 
may affect its profitability. 
As a result, in connection with its lending activities, BGL regularly establishes provisions, which are 
recorded on its income statement in the line item Cost of Risk. These provisions amounted to EUR 
76.6 million at 31 December 2021, representing a decrease of EUR 53.1 million compared to the 
figures in 2020. This improvement concerns both provisioning of performing loans (stages 1 and 2) 
and of doubtful loans (stage 3) due to improved macroeconomic scenarios. 
BGL's overall level of provisions is based on its assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and 
type of lending being conducted, industry standards, past due loans, economic conditions and other 
factors related to the recoverability of various loans or statistical analysis based on scenarios applicable 
to different asset classes. 
Although BGL seeks to establish an appropriate level of provisions, its lending businesses may have 
to increase their provisions for loan losses or sound receivables in the future as a result of deteriorating 
economic conditions or other causes. Any significant increase in provisions for loan losses or a 
significant change in BGL's estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non-impaired loans, 
as well as the occurrence of loan losses in excess of the related provisions, could have a material 
adverse effect on BGL's results of operations and financial condition. 
While BGL seeks to reduce its exposure to credit risk and counterparty risk by using risk mitigation 
techniques such as collateralisation, obtaining guarantees, entering into credit derivatives and entering 
into netting agreements, it cannot be certain that these techniques will be effective to offset losses 
resulting from counterparty defaults that are covered by these techniques. Moreover, BGL is also 
exposed to the risk of default by the party providing the credit risk coverage (such as a counterparty 
in a derivative or a loan insurance contract) or to the risk of loss of value of any collateral. Accordingly, 
BGL has significant exposure to these risks. 
The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants could adversely 
affect BGL 
BGL's ability to engage in financing, investment and derivative transactions could be adversely 
affected by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. Financial institutions 
are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a result, 
defaults by one or more states or financial institutions, or even rumours or questions about, one or 
more financial institutions, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market wide 
liquidity problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. BGL has exposure to many 
counterparties in the financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses, brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, and other 
institutional clients, with which it regularly executes transactions. BGL may also be exposed to risks 
related to the increasing involvement in the financial sector of players and the introduction of new 
types of transactions subject to little or no regulation (e.g., unregulated funds, trading venues or 
crowdfunding platforms). Credit and counterparty risks could be exacerbated if the collateral held by 
BGL cannot be realised, it decreases in value or it is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the 
full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to BGL or in the event of the failure of a significant 
financial market participant such as a central counterparty.  
For reference, counterparty risk exposure related to financial institutions was EUR 167.6 million at 31 
December 2021 (with Potential Future Exposure Methodology), or 87.57% of BGL's total 
counterparty risk exposure.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material adverse effect on 
financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets.  
Losses resulting from the risks summarised above could materially and adversely affect BGL’s 
operations. 
Operational Risk 
BGL's operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from failed or inadequate internal processes 
(particularly those involving personnel and information systems) or external events, whether 
deliberate, accidental or natural (floods, fires, earthquakes, terrorist attacks, etc.). BGL's operational 
risks cover fraud, human resources risks, legal and reputational risks, non-compliance risks, tax risks, 
information systems risks, risk of providing inadequate financial services (conduct risk), risk of failure 
of operational processes including credit processes, or from the use of a model (model risk), as well 
as potential financial consequences related to reputation risk management. The risk-weighted assets 
subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 1.712,5 million at 31 December 2021, or 6.9% of the 
total risk-weighted assets of BGL. 
See the document "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 31 décembre 2021" published by BGL 
(page 82). 
BGL's risk management policies, procedures and methods, may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks, which could lead to material losses 
BGL has devoted significant resources to developing its risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods and intends to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, BGL's risk 
management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all 
economic and market environments or against all types of risk, particularly risks that BGL may have 
failed to identify or anticipate. BGL's ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers or to 
estimate the values of its assets may be impaired if, as a result of market turmoil such as that 
experienced in recent years, the models and approaches it uses become less predictive of future 
behaviour, valuations, assumptions or estimates. Some of BGL's qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk are based on its use of observed historical market behaviour. BGL applies statistical 
and other tools to these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. The process BGL 
uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or estimate the value of certain assets requires 
difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how 
these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans or impact the 
value of assets, which may, during periods of market disruption, be incapable of accurate estimation 
and, in turn, impact the reliability of the process. These tools and metrics may fail to predict future 
risk exposures, e.g., if BGL does not anticipate or correctly evaluate certain factors in its statistical 
models, or upon the occurrence of an event deemed extremely unlikely by the tools and metrics. This 
would limit BGL's ability to manage its risks. BGL's losses could therefore be significantly greater 
than the historical measures indicate. In addition, BGL's quantified modelling does not take all risks 
into account. Its more qualitative approach to managing certain risks could prove insufficient, 
exposing it to material unanticipated losses. 
An interruption in or a breach of BGL's information systems may cause substantial losses of client or 
customer information, damage to BGL's reputation and result in financial losses 
As with most other banks, BGL relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct 
its business. This dependency has increased with the spread of mobile and online banking services, 
the development of cloud computing and more generally the use of new technologies. Any failure or 
interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in BGL's 
customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, servicing and/or loan organization 
systems or could cause BGL to incur significant costs in recovering and verifying lost data. BGL

--- Page 20 ---
20 
cannot provide assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that 
they will be adequately addressed. 
In addition, BGL is subject to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by a malicious and/or fraudulent act, 
committed virtually, with the intention of manipulating information (confidential data, bank/insurance, 
technical or strategic), processes and users, in order to cause material losses to the BNPP Group's 
subsidiaries, employees, partners and clients and/or for the purposes of extortion (ransomware). An 
increasing number of companies (including financial institutions) have in recent years experienced 
intrusion attempts or even breaches of their information technology security, some of which have 
involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. Because the techniques 
used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, steal confidential data or sabotage 
information systems have become more sophisticated, change frequently and often are not recognized 
until launched against a target, BGL and its third party service providers may be unable to anticipate 
these techniques or to implement in a timely manner effective and efficient countermeasures. 
Any failures of or interruptions in BGL's information systems or those of its providers and any 
subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any client, counterpart or employee of 
BGL (or any other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication system could cause 
significant losses and have an adverse effect on BGL's reputation, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Regulatory authorities now consider cybersecurity as a growing systemic risk for the financial sector. 
They have stressed the need for financial institutions to improve their resilience to cyber-attacks by 
strengthening internal IT monitoring and control procedures. A successful cyber-attack could therefore 
expose BGL to a regulatory fine, especially should any personal data from customers be lost. 
Moreover, BGL is exposed to the risk of operational failure or interruption of a clearing agent, foreign 
markets, clearing houses, custodian banks or any other financial intermediary or external service 
provider used by BGL to execute or facilitate financial transactions. Due to its increased interaction 
with clients, BGL is also exposed to the risk of operational malfunction of the latter's information 
systems. BGL's communications and data systems and those of its clients, service providers and 
counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions by as a result of cyber-crime or 
cyber-terrorism. BGL cannot guarantee that these malfunctions or interruptions in its own systems or 
those of other parties will not occur or that in the event of a cyber-attack, these malfunctions or 
interruptions will be adequately resolved.  
Reputational risk could weigh on BGL's financial strength and diminish the confidence of clients 
and counterparties in it 
Considering the highly competitive environment in the financial services industry, a reputation for 
financial strength and integrity is critical to BGL's ability to attract and retain customers. BGL's 
reputation could be harmed if the means it uses to market and promote its products and services were 
deemed to be inconsistent with client interests. BGL's reputation could also be damaged if, as it 
increases its client base and the scale of its businesses, its overall procedures and controls dealing with 
conflicts of interest fail, or appear to fail, to address them properly. Moreover, BGL's reputation could 
be damaged by employee misconduct, fraud or misconduct by financial industry participants to which 
BGL is exposed, a restatement of, a decline in, or corrections to its results, as well as any adverse legal 
or regulatory action, such as the settlement entered into by the BNP Paribas Group (the "BNPP 
Group") with the U.S. authorities in 2014 for violations of U.S. laws and regulations regarding 
economic sanctions. The loss of business that could result from damage to BGL's reputation could 
have an adverse effect on its results of operations and financial position.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Market Risk 
BGL's market risk is the risk of loss of value caused by an unfavourable trend in prices or market 
parameters. The parameters affecting BGL's market risk include, but are not limited to, exchange rates, 
prices of securities and commodities (whether the price is directly quoted or obtained by reference to 
a comparable asset), the price of derivatives on an established market and all benchmarks that can be 
derived from market quotations such as interest rates, credit spreads, volatility or implicit correlations 
or other similar parameters. 
The market risk relating to BGL's banking activities covers its interest rate and foreign exchange rate 
risk in connection with its activities as a banking intermediary. The "operating" foreign exchange risk 
exposure relates to net earnings generated by activities conducted in currencies other than the 
functional currency of the entity concerned. The "structural" foreign exchange risk position of an entity 
relates to investments in currencies other than the functional currency. In measuring interest rate risk, 
BGL defines the concepts of standard rate risk and structural rate risk as the following: the standard 
rate risk corresponds to the general case, namely when it is possible to define the most appropriate 
hedging strategy for a given transaction, and the structural rate risk is the interest rate risk for equity 
and non-interest-bearing current accounts.  
BGL's market risk based on its activities is measured by Value at Risk ("VaR"), or the maximum 
potential loss over one year, at a 99.9% confidence level to calculate regulatory capital requirements, 
and various other market indicators (stressed VaR, Incremental Risk Charge, Comprehensive Risk 
Measure for credit correlation portfolio) as well as by stress tests and sensitivity analysis compared 
with market limits. 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 4.8 million at 31 December 
2021, or 0.02% of the total risk-weighted assets of BGL. 
See the document "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 31 décembre 2021" published by BGL 
(on page 82). 
BGL may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market fluctuations 
and volatility 
BGL maintains trading and investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, 
and in unlisted securities, real estate and other asset classes, including through derivative contracts. 
These positions could be adversely affected by extreme volatility in these markets, i.e., the degree to 
which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market levels. 
Moreover, volatility trends that prove substantially different from BGL's expectations may lead to 
losses relating to a broad range of other products that BGL uses, including swaps, forward and future 
contracts, options and structured products. 
To the extent that BGL owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a market 
downturn could result in losses from a decline in the value of its positions. Conversely, to the extent 
that BGL has sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions in any of those markets, a 
market upturn could, in spite of the existing limitation of risks and control systems, expose BGL to 
potentially substantial losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by acquiring assets in a rising 
market. BGL may from time to time hold a long position in one asset and a short position in another, 
in order to hedge transactions with clients and/or in view of benefitting from changes in the relative 
value of the two assets. If, however, the relative value of the two assets changes in a direction or 
manner that BGL did not anticipate or against which its positions are not hedged, it might realise a 
loss on those paired positions. Such losses, if significant, could adversely affect BGL's results and 
financial condition. In addition, BGL's hedging strategies may not be suitable for certain market 
conditions.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that BGL uses to hedge its exposure to various types 
of risk in its businesses is not effective, BGL may incur losses. Many of its strategies are based on 
historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if BGL holds a long position in an asset, it 
may hedge that position by taking a short position in another asset where the short position has 
historically moved in a direction that would offset a change in the value of the long position. 
However, the hedge may only be partial, or the strategies used may not protect against all future risks 
or may not be fully effective in mitigating BGL's risk exposure in all market environments or against 
all types of risk in the future. Unexpected market developments may also reduce the effectiveness of 
BGL's hedging strategies. In addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting from certain 
ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in BGL's reported earnings. 
The BNPP Group uses a VaR model to quantify its exposure to potential losses from market risks, and 
also performs stress testing with a view to quantifying its potential exposure in extreme scenarios. 
However, these techniques rely on statistical methodologies based on historical observations, which 
may turn out to be unreliable predictors of future market conditions. Accordingly, BGL's exposure to 
market risk in extreme scenarios could be greater than the exposures predicted by its quantification 
techniques. 
BGL may generate lower revenues from commission and fee based businesses during market 
downturns and declines in activity 
Net commissions amounted to EUR 200.7 million in BGL's total revenues in 2021. Financial and 
economic conditions affect the number and size of transactions for which BGL provides financial 
advisory and other investment banking services. These revenues, which include fees from these 
services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which BGL participates and 
can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial changes that are unfavourable to its 
investment banking business and clients. In addition, because the fees that BGL charges for managing 
its clients" portfolios are in many cases based on the value or performance of those portfolios, a market 
downturn that reduces the value of its clients" portfolios or increases the amount of withdrawals would 
reduce the revenues it receives from its asset management, equity derivatives and private banking 
businesses.  
Adjustments to the carrying value of BGL's securities and derivatives portfolios and BGL's own debt 
could have an impact on its net income and shareholders' equity 
The carrying value of BGL's securities and derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, as well as 
its own debt, in its balance sheet is adjusted as of each financial statement date. As at 31 December 
2021, on the assets side of BGL's balance sheet, financial instruments at fair value through profit or 
loss, derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes and financial assets at fair value 
through shareholders' equity amounted to EUR 743.8 million, EUR 159.6 million and EUR 1,902.2 
million respectively. In the liabilities column, financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
and derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes amounted to EUR 327.2 million and 
EUR 72.9 million, respectively, at 31 December 2021 (see page 44 of the French Annual Report 2021). 
Most of the adjustments are made on the basis of changes in fair value of BGL's assets or debt during 
an accounting period, with the changes recorded either in the income statement or directly in 
shareholders' equity. Changes that are recorded in the income statement, to the extent not offset by 
opposite changes in the value of other assets, affect BGL's consolidated revenues and, as a result, its 
net income. A downward adjustment of the fair value of BGL's securities and derivatives portfolios 
may lead to reduced shareholders' equity and, to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value 
of BGL's liabilities, BGL's capital adequacy ratios may also be lowered. The fact that fair value 
adjustments are recorded in one accounting period does not mean that further adjustments will not be 
needed in subsequent periods.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Liquidity and Funding Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that BGL will not be able to honour its commitments or unwind or offset a 
position due to market conditions or specific factors within a specified period of time and at a 
reasonable cost. It reflects the risk of not being able to cope with net cash outflows, including collateral 
requirements, over short-term to long-term horizons. BGL's specific risk can be assessed through its 
short-term liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR"), which analyses the hedging of net cash outflows during 
a thirty-day stress period. The LCR of BGL at 31 December 2021 was 120.4% (on a monthly average 
over the rolling year). 
See the document "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 31 décembre 2021" (page 58). 
BGL's access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of financial crises, 
worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades, increases in sovereign credit spreads 
or other factors 
The financial crisis, the eurozone sovereign debt crisis as well as the general macroeconomic 
environment have during the course of the last fifteen years adversely affected the availability and cost 
of funding for European banks. This was due to several factors, including a sharp increase in the 
perception of bank credit risk due to exposure to sovereign debt in particular, credit rating downgrades 
of sovereigns and of banks, and debt market speculation. Many European banks, including BGL, at 
various points experienced restricted access to wholesale debt markets for institutional investors and 
to the interbank market, as well as a general increase in their cost of funding. In the context of the 
COVID-19 health crisis, the European Central Bank ("ECB") also set up refinancing facilities 
designed to foster the banks' financing of the economy (targeted longer-term refinancing options or 
"TLTRO"), on which the BNPP Group has drawn. Such adverse credit market conditions may 
reappear in the event of prolonged stagnation of growth, deflation, resurgence of the financial crisis, 
another sovereign debt crisis or new forms of financial crises, factors relating to the financial industry 
or the economy in general (including the economic consequences of the COVID-19 health crisis) or 
to BGL in particular. In this case, the effect on the liquidity of the European financial sector in general 
or BGL in particular could be materially adverse and have a negative impact on BGL's results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Protracted market declines can reduce BGL's liquidity, making it harder to sell assets and possibly 
leading to material losses. Accordingly, BGL must ensure that its assets and liabilities properly match 
in order to avoid exposure to losses 
In some of BGL's businesses, particularly Asset/Liability Management, protracted market movements, 
particularly asset price declines, can reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce market 
liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if BGL cannot close out deteriorating 
positions in a timely way. This is particularly true for assets that are intrinsically illiquid. Assets that 
are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as certain derivative contracts 
between financial institutions, may have values that BGL calculates using models rather than publicly 
quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of prices of assets like these is difficult and could lead to 
significant unanticipated losses (see the document entitled "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL BNP Paribas au 
31 décembre 2021" (page 53).  
BGL is exposed to the risk that the maturity, interest rate or currencies of its assets might not match 
those of its liabilities. The timing of payments on certain of BGL's assets is uncertain, and if BGL 
receives lower revenues than expected at a given time, it might require additional market funding in 
order to meet its obligations on its liabilities. While BGL imposes strict limits on the gaps between its 
assets and its liabilities as part of its risk management procedures, it cannot be certain that these limits 
will be fully effective to eliminate potential losses arising from asset and liability mismatches.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Any downgrade of BGL's credit ratings could weigh heavily on the profitability of BGL 
Credit ratings have a significant impact on BGL's liquidity. On 2 February 2022, Standard & Poor's 
affirmed the long-term issuer credit rating of BGL at A+ with a stable outlook, and its short-term rating 
at A-1.  
On 12 October 2021, Fitch affirmed its long-term issuer default ratings for BGL at A+ with a stable 
outlook, and its short-term rating at F1. 
On 7 July 2022, Moody's affirmed its long-term senior unsecured debt rating at A2, and affirmed its 
short-term rating as P-1, with a stable outlook. 
Any rating action may occur at any time by any rating agency. 
A downgrade in BGL's credit rating could affect the liquidity and competitive position of BGL. It 
could also increase BGL's borrowing costs, limit access to the capital markets or trigger additional 
obligations under its covered bonds or under certain bilateral provisions in some trading, derivative or 
collateralized financing contacts. As part of the BNPP Group, BGL can be highly sensitive to a 
downgrade by rating agencies of the rating of the parent company of the BNPP Group or a 
deterioration of its debt quality. 
In addition, BGL's cost of obtaining long term unsecured funding from investors is also directly related 
to its credit spreads, which in turn depend to a certain extent on its credit ratings. Increases in credit 
spreads can significantly increase BGL's cost of funding. Changes in credit spreads are continuous, 
market driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. Credit spreads 
are also influenced by market perceptions of BGL's creditworthiness. Furthermore, credit spreads may 
be influenced by movements in the cost to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to BGL's debt 
obligations, which are influenced both by the credit quality of those obligations, and by a number of 
market factors that are beyond the control of BGL or the BNPP Group. 
Risks Related to the Macroeconomic and Market Environment 
Adverse economic and financial conditions have in the past had and may in the future have an impact 
on BGL and the markets in which it operates 
BGL's business is sensitive to changes in the financial markets and more generally to economic 
conditions in Luxembourg (representing 44% of BGL's revenues at 31 December 2021), other 
countries in Europe (representing 54% of BGL's revenues at 31 December 2021) and the rest of the 
world (representing 2% of BGL's revenues at 31 December 2021). 
A deterioration in economic conditions in the markets where BGL operates could have some or all of 
the following impacts: 
 
adverse economic conditions affecting the business and operations of BGL's customers, 
reducing credit demand and trading volume and resulting in an increased rate of default on 
loans and other receivables, in part as a result of the deterioration of the financial capacity of 
companies and households; 
 
a decline in market prices of bonds, equities and commodities affecting the businesses of BGL, 
including asset management revenues; 
 
macroeconomic policies adopted in response to actual or anticipated economic conditions 
having unintended effects, and are likely to impact market parameters such as interest rates 
and foreign exchange rates, which in turn can affect BGL's businesses that are most exposed 
to market risk;

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
perceived favourable economic conditions generally or in specific business sectors resulting 
in asset price bubbles, which could in turn exacerbate the impact of corrections when 
conditions become less favourable; 
 
a significant economic disruption (such as the global financial crisis of 2008, the European 
sovereign debt crisis of 2011 or the COVID-19 pandemic since 2020) having a substantial 
impact on all of BGL's activities, particularly if the disruption is characterized by an absence 
of market liquidity that makes it difficult to sell certain categories of assets at their estimated 
market value or at all. These disruptions could also lead to a decline in transaction 
commissions and consumer loans; and 
 
a significant deterioration of market and economic conditions resulting from, among other 
things, adverse political and geopolitical events such as natural disasters, geopolitical tensions, 
health risks such as the COVID-19 health crisis and its aftermath, the fear or recurrence of 
new epidemics or pandemics, acts of terrorism, societal unrest, cyber-attacks, military 
conflicts or threats thereof and related risks (in particular, the ongoing war in Ukraine and 
related sanctions) may affect the operating environment for BGL episodically or for extended 
periods. 
Since 2020, economies and financial markets have been, and should continue in 2022 to be, 
particularly sensitive to a number of factors, including the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
its economic consequences, in particular the increase in sovereign and corporate debt that pre-dated 
the COVID-19 health crisis and has been aggravated by it, as well as the strength and staying power 
of the economic recovery following the crisis' peak, which is itself dependent on a number of factors 
(see risk factor "Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
and their economic consequences may adversely affect BGL's business, operations, results and 
financial condition" below). 
In addition, numerous factors may impact the economy and the financial markets in the coming months 
or years, in particular geopolitical tensions (notably in Eastern Europe, and in particular, the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and the reaction of the international community for which the consequences for 
the financial markets and the general business climate are significantly unfavourable in the short term 
and remain uncertain in the long term), political risks directly affecting Europe, general trends in 
consumer and commodity prices (themselves affected by the above-mentioned factors) characterised 
by high inflation, corresponding trends in wages, supply chain pressures, the changing economic 
situation in certain countries or regions that contribute to overall global economic growth, tensions 
around international trade and, as discussed below, the evolution of monetary policy and interest rates. 
More generally, the volatility of financial markets could adversely affect BGL's trading and investment 
positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, as well as its positions in other 
investments. Severe market disruptions and extreme market volatility have occurred often in recent 
years and may occur again in the future, which could result in significant losses for BGL. Such losses 
may extend to a broad range of trading and hedging products, including swaps, forward and future 
contracts, options and structured products. The volatility of financial markets makes it difficult to 
predict trends and implement effective trading strategies. 
It is difficult to predict economic or market downturns or other market disruptions, and which markets 
will be most significantly impacted. If economic or market conditions in Luxembourg or elsewhere in 
Europe, or global markets more generally, were to deteriorate not improve as quickly as expected or 
become more volatile, BGL's operations could be disrupted, and its business, results of operations and 
financial condition could be adversely affected.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Significant interest rate changes could adversely affect BGL's revenues or profitability. The prolonged 
low interest rate environment carries inherent systemic risks, which could impact BGL's income or 
profitability, and any exit from such environment would also carry risks 
The net interest income recorded by BGL during any given period significantly affects its overall 
revenues and profitability for that period. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond 
BGL's control, such as the rate of inflation, country-specific monetary policies and certain decisions 
concerning regulatory capital. Changes in market interest rates could affect the interest rates charged 
on interest-earning assets differently from the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Any 
adverse change in the yield curve could cause a decline in net interest income generated by BGL's 
lending activities. In addition, increases in the interest rates at which BGL's short-term funding is 
available and maturity mismatches may adversely affect its profitability. 
Since the 2008-2009 financial crisis, global markets have been characterized by an extended period of 
low interest rates. This low interest rate environment has weighed significantly on banks' profitability, 
including that of BGL, for a number of years. The relative impact on banks depends, in particular, on 
the proportion of their revenues represented by net interest income; this proportion was 79% for BGL 
on a consolidated basis as at 31 December 2021. The situation has worsened since 2019 with the 
introduction of negative rates, particularly on placements by European banks with the ECB. If the low, 
and even negative, interest rate environment continues, despite higher inflation and the central banks' 
reactions to it, BGL's profitability could be affected or even decline. In this respect, central banks have 
– in 2020 and again in 2021 – increased their monetary support in the face of the recession caused by 
the COVID-19 health crisis of 2020 and 2021. A reduction in these accommodative policies by central 
banks, particularly in response to increasing inflation, has begun to be implemented by the U.S. 
Federal Reserve, the Bank of England and the ECB. For example, the ECB has indicated that it will 
cease the emergency pandemic purchase programme in March 2022 and its TLTRO in June 2022. 
During periods of low interest rates, interest rate spreads tend to tighten, and BGL may be unable to 
lower interest rates on deposits sufficiently to offset reduced income from lending at lower interest 
rates.  Net interest income amounted to EUR 1,244.3 million in 2020 and EUR 1,273.3 million in 
2021, respectively (See page 42 of the French Annual Report 2021, which is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus). The negative interest rate environment in which banks are charged for cash 
deposited with central banks, whereas banks typically do not charge clients for deposits, weighs 
significantly on banks' margins. In addition, BGL has been facing and may continue to face an increase 
in early repayment and refinancing of mortgages and other fixed rate consumer and corporate loans as 
clients take advantage of lower borrowing costs. This, along with the issuance of new loans at the low 
prevailing market interest rates, has resulted and may continue to result in a decrease in the average 
interest rate of BGL's portfolio of loans thereby causing a decline in its net interest income from its 
lending activities. Moreover, an environment of persistently low interest rates can also have the effect 
of flattening the yield curve in the market more generally, which could reduce the premium generated 
by BGL from its funding activities. A flattening yield curve can also influence financial institutions to 
engage in riskier activities in an effort to earn the desired level of returns, which can increase overall 
market risk and volatility. Low interest rates may also affect the profitability and even the solvency of 
the activities of BGL's affiliates such as BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions and Cardif Lux Vie S.A., 
particularly due to the prevalence in the market of life insurance contracts backed by euro-denominated 
funds, which may not be able to generate sufficient returns to be competitive with other investment 
products. Low interest rates may also adversely affect commissions charged by BGL's asset 
management subsidiaries on money market and other fixed income products. A reduction in credit 
spreads and decline in retail banking income resulting from lower portfolio interest rates may 
adversely affect the profitability of BGL's retail banking operations.  
On the other hand, the end of a period of prolonged low interest rates, in particular due to the 
normalisation and tightening of monetary policy (as already initiated by some central banks and 
expected by the market) following the economy's recovery, or inflation at a higher level or lasting 
longer than expected by central banks would also carry risks. If market interest rates were to rise

--- Page 27 ---
27 
generally, a portfolio featuring significant amounts of lower interest loans and fixed income assets 
would be expected to decline in value. If BGL's hedging strategies are ineffective or provide only a 
partial hedge against such a change in value, BGL could incur losses. Any sharper or more rapid than 
expected tightening could have a negative impact on the economic recovery, and consequently the 
envisaged tightening of monetary policy could be delayed in some currency areas, such as the euro-
zone, to reduce the risk of recession caused by the economic situation and the war in Ukraine. On the 
lending side, it could in particular cause stress in loan and bond portfolios, possibly leading to an 
increase in non-performing exposures and defaults. More generally, the ending of accommodative 
monetary policies (already initiated by some central banks after a period of substantial liquidity 
infusions from asset purchases) by central banks may, even if implemented progressively, lead to 
severe corrections in certain markets or asset classes (e.g. non-investment grade corporate and 
sovereign borrowers, certain sectors of equities and real estate) that particularly benefited (including 
from very low risk premiums as compared to historical averages) from the prolonged low interest rate 
and high liquidity environment, and such corrections could potentially be contagious to financial 
markets generally, including through substantially increased volatility. 
Given the global scope of its activities, BGL is exposed to country risks and to changes in the political, 
macroeconomic or financial context of a region or country. 
BGL is subject to country risk, meaning the risk that economic, financial, political or social conditions 
in a given foreign country in which it operates, could affect BGL's operations, its results, its financial 
condition or its business. BGL monitors country risk and takes it into account in the fair value 
adjustments and cost of risk recorded in its financial statements. However, a significant change in 
political or macroeconomic environments may require it to record additional charges or to incur losses 
beyond the amounts previously written down in its financial statements. In addition, factors specific 
to a country or region in which BGL operates could make it difficult for it to carry out its business and 
lead to losses or impairment of assets. 
At 31 December 2021, BGL's loan portfolio consisted of receivables from borrowers located in 
Luxembourg (38.51%), France (17.65%), Germany (9.76%), other European countries (13.32%) and 
the rest of the world (1.99%). Adverse conditions that particularly affect these countries and regions 
would have a particularly significant impact on BGL.   
Regulatory Risks 
Laws and regulations adopted in recent years, particularly in response to the global financial crisis, 
as well as new legislative proposals, may materially impact BGL and the financial and economic 
environment in which it operates 
Laws and regulations have been enacted in the past few years, in particular in Luxembourg, Europe 
and the United States, with a view to introducing a number of changes, some permanent, in the 
financial environment. The impact of the measures has changed substantially the environment in 
which BGL and other financial institutions operate. 
The measures that have been adopted include: 
 
more stringent capital and liquidity requirements (particularly for global systemically 
important banks such as the BNPP Group), as well as changes to the risk-weighting 
methodologies and the methods of using internal models that could lead to increased capital 
requirements; 
 
restrictions on certain types of activities considered as speculative undertaken by commercial 
banks that are prohibited or need to be ring fenced in subsidiaries (particularly proprietary 
trading) and are subject to prudential requirements and autonomous funding; 
 
prohibitions or restrictions on fees for certain types of financial products or activities;

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
enhanced recovery and resolution regimes, in particular the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive of 15 May 2014 (the "BRRD"), as amended from time to time, which strengthens 
powers to prevent and resolve banking crises in order to ensure that losses are borne largely 
by the creditors and shareholders of the banks and in order to keep the costs incurred by 
taxpayers to a minimum; 
 
the establishment of the national resolution funds by the BRRD and the creation of the Single 
Resolution Board (the "SRB") by the European Parliament and Council of the European Union 
in a resolution dated 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation"), as amended from time to time, 
which can initiate resolution proceedings for banking institutions such as BGL, and the Single 
Resolution Fund (the "SRF"), the financing of which by BGL (up to its annual contribution) 
can be significant; 
 
the establishment of national deposit guarantee schemes and a proposed European deposit 
guarantee scheme or deposit insurance which will gradually cover all or part of the guarantee 
schemes of participating countries; 
 
increased internal control and reporting requirements with respect to certain activities; 
 
the implementation of regulatory stress tests (including in relation to climate change risk) 
which could lead to additional regulatory capital requirements; 
 
greater powers granted to the relevant authorities to combat money laundering and terrorism 
financing; 
 
more stringent governance and conduct of business rules and restrictions and increased taxes 
on employee compensation over specified levels; 
 
measures to improve the transparency, efficiency and integrity of financial markets and in 
particular the regulation of high frequency trading, more extensive market abuse regulations, 
increased regulation of certain types of financial products including mandatory reporting of 
derivative and securities financing transactions, requirements either to mandatorily clear, or 
otherwise mitigate risks in relation to, over the counter derivative transactions (including 
through posting of collateral in respect of non-centrally cleared derivatives); 
 
the taxation of financial transactions; 
 
enhanced protection of personal data and cybersecurity requirements; 
 
enhanced disclosure requirements, including through the introduction of new disclosure 
requirements on (i) how banking groups providing asset management services, such as BGL, 
integrate sustainability risks, negative impacts, sustainable investment objectives or the 
promotion of environmental or social attributes when making investment decisions, and (ii) 
how and to what extent banking groups themselves finance or develop economic activities 
that can be considered environmentally sustainable as defined in the european taxonomy; 
 
the introduction of new requirements for the integration of climate risk into the risk 
measurement and management systems of banking groups, including through the publication 
of proposals for banks to manage and disclose climate risk; and 
 
strengthening the powers of supervisory bodies and the creation of new authorities, including 
the adoption of the Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM") in October 2013, pursuant to 
which BGL was placed under the direct supervision of the ECB as of November 2014. 
These measures may have a significant adverse impact.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Measures relating to the banking sector could be further amended, expanded or strengthened. 
Moreover, additional measures could be adopted in other areas. It is impossible to predict what 
additional measures will be adopted or what their exact content will be, and, given the complexity of 
the issues and the continuing uncertainty surrounding them, to determine their impact on BGL. The 
effect of these measures, whether already adopted or that may be adopted in the future, has been and 
could continue to be a decrease in BGL's ability to allocate its capital and capital resources to 
financing, limit its ability to diversify risks, reduce the availability of certain financing and liquidity 
resources, increase the cost of financing, increase the cost of compliance, increase the cost or reduce 
the demand for the products and services offered by BGL, require BGL to proceed with internal 
reorganizations, structural changes or reallocations, affect the ability of BGL to carry on certain 
activities or to attract and/or retain talent and, more generally, affect its competitiveness and 
profitability, which could have an impact on its activity, financial condition and operating results. As 
a recent example, on 27 October 2021 the European Commission presented a legislative package to 
finalise the implementation within the European Union of the Basel III agreement adopted by the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision ("GHOS") on 7 December 2017. This 
legislative package will in the next stage be discussed by the European Parliament and Council with a 
view to agreeing on a final text. In the impact assessment accompanying the legislative package, the 
European Commission estimated, on the basis of a European Banking Authority ("EBA") impact study 
dated December 2020 and of additional European Commission estimates for some EU-specific 
adjustments, that the implementation of the final Basel III standards may result in an average increase 
in total minimum capital requirements ranging between 6.4% and 8.4% after a full implementation 
thereof. On the basis of the EBA's updated impact analysis taking into account the combined effect of 
the reform and the potential consequences of the COVID-19 health crisis, the European Commission 
opted to apply the new capital requirements to EU banks as of 1 January 2025, with a phase-in period 
during which the requirements will be gradually increased through 2030 (and 2032 for certain 
requirements). 
BGL is subject to extensive and evolving regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
BGL faces the risk of changes in legislation or regulation in all of the countries in which it operates, 
including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
monetary, liquidity, interest rate and other policies of central banks and regulatory authorities; 
 
changes in government or regulatory policy that may significantly influence investor 
decisions, in particular in the markets in which BGL operates; 
 
changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the financial industry, such as rules relating 
to applicable governance, remunerations, capital adequacy and liquidity frameworks, 
restrictions on activities considered as speculative and recovery and resolution frameworks; 
 
changes in securities regulations as well as in financial reporting, disclosure and market abuse 
regulations; 
 
changes in the regulation of certain types of transactions and investments, such as derivatives 
and securities financing transactions and money market funds; 
 
changes in the regulation of market infrastructures, such as trading venues, central 
counterparties, central securities depositories, and payment and settlement systems; 
 
changes in the regulation of payment services, crowdfunding and fintech; 
 
changes in the regulation of protection of personal data and cybersecurity; 
 
changes in tax legislation or the application thereof;

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
changes in accounting norms; 
 
changes in rules and procedures relating to internal controls, risk management and 
compliance; and 
 
expropriation, nationalisation, price controls, exchange controls, confiscation of assets and 
changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership. 
These changes, the scope and implications of which are highly unpredictable, could substantially affect 
BGL and have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain 
reforms not aimed specifically at financial institutions, such as measures relating to the funds industry 
or promoting technological innovation (such as open data projects), could facilitate the entry of new 
players in the financial services sector or otherwise affect BGL's business model, competitiveness and 
profitability, which could in turn affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
Finally, the accommodative policies implemented temporarily by national and European regulatory 
authorities in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis have either lapsed or are expected to lapse 
gradually, although their remaining course is not currently certain (see risk factor "Epidemics and 
pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their economic 
consequences may adversely affect BGL's business, operations, results and financial condition" 
below). 
BGL may incur substantial fines and other administrative and criminal penalties for non-compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations, and may also incur losses in related (or unrelated) litigation 
with private parties 
BGL is exposed to regulatory compliance risk, i.e., the failure to comply fully with the laws, 
regulations, codes of conduct, professional norms or recommendations applicable to the financial 
services industry. This risk is exacerbated by the adoption by different countries of multiple and 
occasionally diverging and even conflicting legal or regulatory requirements. Besides damage to 
BGL's reputation and private rights of action (including class actions), non-compliance could lead to 
material legal proceedings, fines and expenses (including fines and expenses in excess of recorded 
provisions), public reprimand, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, withdrawal by 
the authorities of operating licenses. This risk is further exacerbated by continuously increasing 
regulatory scrutiny of financial institutions, as well as substantial increases in the quantum of 
applicable fines and penalties. Moreover, litigation by private parties against financial institutions has 
substantially increased in recent years. Accordingly, BGL faces significant legal risk in its operations, 
and the volume and amount of damages claimed in litigation, regulatory proceedings and other 
adversarial proceedings against financial services firms have substantially increased in recent years 
and may increase further. BGL may record provisions in this respect as indicated in its French Annual 
Report 2021, under chapter "Notes annexes aux états financiers", 4. "Notes relatives au bilan", 4.n 
"Provisions pour risques et charges", on page 108, which is incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. 
In this respect on 30 June 2014 the BNPP Group entered into a series of agreements with, and was the 
subject of several orders issued by, U.S. federal and New York state government agencies and 
regulatory authorities in settlement of investigations into violations of U.S. laws and regulations 
regarding economic sanctions. The BNPP Group remains subject to increased scrutiny by regulatory 
authorities (including via the presence of an independent consultant within the BNPP Group) who are 
monitoring its compliance with a remediation plan agreed with them.  
BGL is currently not involved in any litigation or investigations as summarized in its note to its 
financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2021 (see the French Annual Report 2021, 
under Chapter " Notes annexes aux états financiers ", 8. "Informations complémentaires", 7.j Passifs 
éventuels : procedures judiciaires et d'arbitrage", on page 130, which are incorporated by reference

--- Page 31 ---
31 
in the Base Prospectus. It may however become involved in such matters at any point. No assurance 
can be given that an adverse outcome in one or more of such matters would not have a material adverse 
effect on BGL's operating results for any particular period. 
BGL could experience an unfavourable change in circumstances, causing it to become subject to a 
resolution proceeding: holders of securities of BGL could suffer losses as a result 
The BRRD, SRM Regulation and the Law of 5 April 1993, each as amended from to time, confer upon 
the CSSF or the SRB the power to commence resolution proceedings for a banking institution, such 
as BGL, with a view to ensure the continuity of critical functions, to avoid the risks of contagion and 
to recapitalize or restore the viability of the institution. These powers are to be implemented so that, 
subject to certain exceptions, losses are borne first by shareholders, then by holders of additional 
capital instruments qualifying as tier 1 and tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), then by the holders of 
non-preferred senior debt and finally by the holders of senior preferred debt, all in accordance with 
the order of their claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
Resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution measures with respect to institutions 
and groups subject to resolution proceedings, which may include (without limitation): the total or 
partial sale of the institution's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, 
the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, the full or 
partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital instruments through the issuance of 
new equity, the full or partial write down or conversion into equity of debt instruments, modifications 
to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable 
and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of financial instruments, the dismissal of managers or the appointment of a special manager 
(administrateur temporaire). 
Certain powers, including the full or partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital 
instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write down or conversion into equity 
of additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), can also 
be exercised as a precautionary measure, outside of resolution proceedings and/or pursuant to the 
European Commission's State Aid framework if the institution requires exceptional public financial 
support. 
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to BGL may result in significant structural 
changes to BGL (including as a result of asset or business sales or the creation of bridge institutions) 
and in a partial or total write down, modification or variation of claims of shareholders and creditors. 
Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of BGL's business or separation of any of 
its assets, in the holders of securities (even in the absence of any such write down or conversion) being 
left as the creditors of BGL whose remaining business or assets are insufficient to support the claims 
of all or any of the creditors of the BNPP Group. 
Risks Related to BGL's Growth in its Current Environment 
Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their 
economic consequences may adversely affect BGL's business, operations, results and financial 
condition 
A global pandemic linked to a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has severely disrupted 
economies and financial markets worldwide since 2020. The introduction of lockdown measures and 
other restrictions initially caused economies in many regions to contract, trade to decline, production 
capacity to decrease, growth forecasts to be cut and supply chains to be disrupted. In a second phase, 
the rollout of vaccination campaigns and the adaptation of economic actors allowed the gradual 
adaptation of these measures and restrictions, leading to a recovery in economic activity. As a result, 
various growth forecasts converge on a strong economic recovery. For example, according to the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
January 2022 estimates and projections of the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF"), world 
economic growth is expected to be 5.9% in 2021 and 4.4% in 2022. 
Nevertheless, uncertainties remain as to the strength and sustainability of the recovery, both in terms 
of the public health situation (e.g., the appearance of new strains of the virus) and the economy (which 
could lead to doubts as to the extent and durability of the recovery). In this respect, the outlook for 
2022 was lowered for both emerging and developing countries, as well as for advanced countries, 
compared to the IMF projections published in October 2021. Various complicating factors will affect 
the trajectory of economic recovery. International supply chains, which had been strained severely by 
pandemic-related mobility restrictions, remain heavily disrupted, generating shortages of certain 
consumer goods (such as a dearth of semiconductors causing delays in the production of telephones 
and automobiles) and oil and gas supply and labour market constraints, having both specific (for 
example, raw materials price increases) and general (inflation rate) effects on prices. 
Further, while various governments and central banks implemented and supplemented measures to 
support the economy and its recovery (to mitigate the the adverse economic and market consequences 
of the pandemic),  there can be no assurance that such measures will suffice to redress the pandemic's 
negative impact on the regional or global economy over time, entirely compensate for or mitigate 
regional or global recessions (which occurred and could reoccur) or fully and over time prevent 
possible disruptions to the financial markets. 
The lifting of government support measures could also harm economic activity and the financial 
strength of economic actors. Overall, the crisis has impacted and may continue to impact the 
economies of the principal countries where BGL operates, particularly its domestic market 
(Luxembourg), which represented 45% of its total gross credit exposures on a consolidated basis as of 
31 December 2021. BGL's results and financial condition have been and could continue to be impacted 
by the effects of the crisis related to the pandemic and the resulting disruption of economic activity in 
its principal markets. Developments in the current COVID-19 health crisis and market conditions have 
characteristics that could increase the probability and magnitude of various existing risks faced by 
BGL such as: (a) pressure on revenues due in particular to (i) prolongation of the low interest rate 
environment; and (ii) lower revenues from fees and commissions;  (b) renewed heightened risk linked 
to an economic slowdown due to inflationary pressures (energy prices, labour market tensions), supply 
chain disruption or withdrawal of government support measures; (c) risk of financial market disruption 
in the event of poorly anticipated changes in monetary policies; and (d) higher risk-weighted assets 
due to the deterioration of risk parameters, hence affecting BGL's capital position. 
BGL's results and financial condition could also be harmed by negative trends in the financial markets, 
to the extent that the pandemic initially caused extreme market conditions (such as volatility spikes, a 
sharp drop in equity markets, tensions on spreads and specific asset markets on hold). Uncertainties 
about the scope and durability of the economic recovery, the easing or strengthening of government 
support measures, and the pressures linked to supply chains and raw material procurement have 
generated and could generate unfavourable market conditions. 
The extent to which the short, medium and long-term economic consequences of the pandemic will 
continue to affect BGL's results and financial condition will depend largely on (a) the intensity and 
duration of restrictive measures that have been put in place or their periodic reintroduction, depending 
on the evolution of the health situation; (b) the timing and extent of a return to pre-pandemic lifestyles, 
business operations and economic interactions; (c) the effects of the measures taken to date or future 
measures that may be taken by governments and central banks to attenuate the economic fallout of the 
pandemic or the terms and conditions for lifting these measures; and (d)the duration and extent of the 
pandemic's remaining course, including the prospect of new waves or the appearance of new strains 
of the virus and, consequently, a reinstatement or strengthening of lockdown measures or other 
restrictions, such as in relation to travel, in BGL's various markets, as well as the pace and mechanisms 
of deployment of immunisation programmes. In addition, while the actions of European Union and 
member states' authorities (in particular, central banks and governments) in response to the pandemic

--- Page 33 ---
33 
have to date helped and may well continue to help attenuate its adverse economic and market 
consequences, the authorities have also issued and may continue to issue additional restrictions or 
recommendations in respect of banks' actions. In particular, in 2020 and 2021 they limited banks' 
flexibility in managing their business and taking action in relation to capital distribution, capital 
allocation and compensation policies. 
Due to the unprecedented environment generated by the COVID-19 health crisis, various pandemic-
related uncertainties around public health, society and the economy persist. The consequences for BGL 
will depend on the duration of the impact of the crisis, the measures taken by governments and central 
banks and the ability of society to recover, and are therefore difficult to predict. 
BGL's current environment may be affected by the intense competition amongst banking and non-
banking operators, which could adversely affect BGL's revenues and profitability 
Competition is intense in all of BGL's primary business areas in Luxembourg and the other countries 
in which it conducts a substantial portion of its business, including other European countries. 
Competition in the banking industry could intensify as a result of consolidation in the financial services 
area, as a result of the presence of new players in the payment and the financing services area or the 
development of crowdfunding platforms, as well as the continuing evolution of consumer habits in the 
banking sector. Competitors subject to less extensive regulatory requirements or to less strict capital 
requirements (e.g., debt funds, shadow banks), or benefiting from economies of scale, data synergies 
or technological innovation (e.g., internet and mobile operators, digital platforms, fintechs), or free 
access to customer financial data could be more competitive by offering lower prices and more 
innovative services to address the new needs of consumers. New technologies that facilitate or 
transform transaction processes and payment systems, such as blockchain technologies and related 
services, or that could significantly impact the fundamental mechanisms of the banking system, such 
as central bank digital currencies, have been developed in recent years or could be developed in the 
near future. While it is difficult to predict the effects of these developments and the regulationsthat 
apply to them, the use could nevertheless reduce the market share of banks, including BGL, secure 
investments that otherwise would have used technology used by more established financial 
institutions, such as BGL or, more broadly, lead to the emergence of a different monetary system in 
which the attractiveness of using established financial institutions, such as BGL, would be affected. If 
such developments continue to gain momentum, particularly with the support of governments and 
central banks, and if BGL is unable to respond to the competitive environment in Luxembourg by 
offering more attractive, innovative and profitable product and service solutions than those offered by 
current competitors or new entrants, it may lose market share in key areas of its business or incur 
losses on some or all of its activities. In addition, downturns in the economies of its principal markets 
could add to the competitive pressure, through, for example, increased price pressure and lower 
business volumes for BGL and its competitors. It is also possible that the imposition of more stringent 
requirements (particularly capital requirements and business restrictions) on large or systemically 
significant financial institutions, that new players may not be subject to, could lead to distortions in 
competition in a manner adverse to large private sector institutions such as BGL. 
BGL could experience business disruption and losses due to climate change risks such as transition 
risks, physical risks or liability risks 
BGL is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own operations or 
indirectly through its financing and investment activities. There are two main types of risks related to 
climate change: (i) transition risks, which result from changes in the behaviour of economic and 
financial actors in response to the implementation of energy policies or technological changes; (ii) 
physical risks, which result from the direct impact of climate change on people and property through 
extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising water levels or increasing temperatures. In 
addition, liability risks may arise from both categories of risk. They correspond to the damages that a 
legal entity would have to pay if it were found to be responsible for global warming. BGL is 
progressively integrating the assessment of these risks into its risk management system. The BNPP

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Group monitors these risks in the conduct of its business, in the conduct of its counterparties' business, 
and in its investments on its own behalf and on behalf of third parties. In this respect BGL's general 
credit policies have been enhanced since 2012 and 2014, with the addition of relevant clauses in terms 
of social and environmental responsibility. In addition, sector-specific policies and policies excluding 
certain environmental, social and governance (ESG) sectors from financing have also been put in 
place. In 2019, as part of the fight against climate change, the BNPP Group made new commitments 
to reduce its exposure to thermal coal to zero by 2030 in the OECD and by 2040 for the rest of the 
world. The BNPP Group also supports its clients, both individuals and businesses, in their transition 
to a low-carbon economy. The BNPP Group also aims to reduce the environmental footprint of its 
own operations. Despite the actions taken by the BNPP Group to monitor risks and combat climate 
change, physical, transition or liability risks related to climate change could disrupt business or lead 
to losses. 
Changes in certain holdings in credit or financial institutions could have an impact on BGL's financial 
position 
Certain classes of assets may carry a risk-weight of 250%. These assets include: credit or financial 
institutions consolidated under the equity method within the prudential scope (excluding insurance); 
significant financial interest in credit or financial institutions in which BGL holds a stake of more than 
10%; and deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability and arise from temporary differences. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO NOTES 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme will entail particular risk. The Notes are investment 
instruments which may or may not bear interest and which on maturity or earlier in case of early 
redemption pay the final redemption amount or the early redemption amount which may or may not 
be equal to the principal amount of the relevant Note. Notes which are not principal protected may 
result in the holder thereof losing some or, in certain limited cases, all of such holder's initial 
investment. 
Investors are exposed to the credit and default risk of the Issuer 
All Notes, including Notes which are expressed to be fully or partially principal protected, will give 
an investor exposure to the credit and default risk of the Issuer. 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (in the case of Euro Notes only, 
subject to the provisions of the Issuer's negative pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall, 
at all times, rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. In the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, an 
investor in the Notes may therefore lose all or some of its investment. 
Risks associated with specified types of product 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes the interest payable on the Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to 
varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at

--- Page 35 ---
35 
the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the Notes provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the 
market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes initially bear interest at a fixed rate. Conversion from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate then takes place either automatically or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, at the option 
of the Issuer (if certain predetermined conditions are met or at the sole discretion of the Issuer). The 
conversion (whether automatic or optional) of the interest rate will affect the secondary market in, and 
the market value of, the Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing for 
the Issuer. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Investments in Notes which bear interest at an inverse floating rate comprise (a) a fixed base rate 
minus (b) a reference rate ("Inverse Floating Rate Notes"). Investors should note that any increase 
in the value or level of the Underlying Reference will not lead to a corresponding increase in the 
principal and/or interest payable on the Notes and consequently the value of the Notes. Any increase 
in the value or level of the Underlying Reference will result in a decrease in the principal and/or interest 
payable on the Notes, and therefore the market value of such Notes. The market value of such Notes 
is usually more volatile than the market value of floating rate Notes based on the same reference rate 
(and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an 
increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which may further reduce the market value of these Notes. 
SPS Vanilla Products 
The return on SPS Vanilla Products depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and 
whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of 
their investment. 
SPS Indexation Products 
The return on SPS Indexation Products depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early redemption features apply. Depending on the 
applicable formula, if an automatic early redemption event occurs investors may be exposed to a partial 
loss of their investment. Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
Fixed Income Vanilla Products 
The return on Fixed Income Vanilla Products depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. Investors may be exposed to a partial 
or total loss of their investment. 
Fixed Income Digital Products 
The return on Fixed Income Digital Products is fixed or variable and will be dependent upon the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various 
mechanisms (including floor or cap conditions and knock-in and/or knock-out features). Investors may 
be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
The formulae, relevant variables and other related provisions of (SPS Vanilla and Indexation Products 
and Fixed Income Vanilla and Digital Products) are more fully described in "Schedule 1 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Payouts". 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes (as defined below) than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue 
prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer 
higher price losses than other notes having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Variable Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the redemption amount and interest payable on the Notes is linked 
to changes in one or more Underlying References specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be ("Variable Rate Notes"). The Underlying References to which the 
Variable Rate Notes are linked to may be volatile and unpredictable. There may be significant changes 
in such Underlying References and such changes may lead to a decrease in the value of the Notes and 
the amount of the redemption amount and/or any interest payable on the Notes. 
Partly Paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to 
pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer, other early redemption (including 
Automatic Early Redemption) and consequences of early redemption 
An optional or other early redemption feature (including an Automatic Early Redemption feature) is 
likely to limit the market value of the Notes. In the case of Notes with an optional redemption feature, 
during any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may 
also be true prior to any redemption period. 
In addition, the Final Terms may provide that the relevant Notes will be redeemed early in specified 
circumstances, such as the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Automatic Early Redemption Event (each as defined in the relevant 
Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). If an Additional Disruption Event or any 
Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Final Terms occurs, any amount 
payable on redemption may also be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled 
redemption. Following an optional or other early redemption (including an Automatic Early 
Redemption), an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds (if any) at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. As a consequence, the Noteholder may lose some 
or all of their investment. Investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In the case of Notes with an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the value of the Notes and the 
amount that Noteholders receive upon an Automatic Early Redemption may not correlate with the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
value of the Underlying Reference which may trigger such Automatic Early Redemption and 
Noteholders could receive a significantly lower return than expected in relation to the change in value 
of the Underlying Reference. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
If the Notes are traded in denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one 
or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, such Notes may be traded in amounts in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. If at any time a Noteholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination they would not be able to sell or transfer the remainder of such holding or 
exchange the remainder of such holding for a definitive Note without first purchasing a principal 
amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination. In these circumstances, 
there is a risk that the price to purchase additional Notes may be greater than the original price paid 
by the investor and/or such Notes may be illiquid and difficult to trade meaning that holders may be 
required to retain their investment until redemption. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms at the start of an offer period in respect of 
the Issue Price, Gearing, Gearing Up, any Constant Percentage, barrier value or level, Floor 
Percentage, Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level, prospective purchasers of Notes should be aware 
that the actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, selected from within the indicative range 
specified for the Issue Price, Gearing, Gearing Up, any Constant Percentage, barrier value or level, 
Floor Percentage, Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level, as applicable, in respect of any Notes may 
have a negative impact on the interest payable and/or final return on the Notes when compared with 
another price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, within the indicative range. 
Limited Exposure to Underlying Reference(s) 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the relevant Notes to one or more Underlying 
References is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Notes will not benefit from 
any upside in the value of any such Underlying Reference(s) beyond such limit or cap. In this case, 
Noteholders will not receive as much from their investment as they would have done if they had 
invested directly in the Underlying Reference(s) or in alternative Notes without such features. The 
likelihood of this occurring is dependent on the likelihood of the Underlying Reference(s) performing 
such that the limit or cap affects the Notes. 
Risk of Leveraged Exposure 
Notes including a leverage feature magnify gains and losses. If the Underlying Reference moves 
against expectations, holders risk losing a greater proportion of their investment than if they had 
invested in a Note that is not leveraged. 
Risks Relating to the Underlying Reference(s) and related Disruption, Adjustment and Early 
Redemption Provisions 
Underlying Reference Linked Notes in general 
The Issuer may issue certain Notes ("Underlying Reference Linked Notes") under the Programme 
which are structured such that the principal and/or the interest payable on such Notes are determined 
by reference to the value or level of various underlying factors or a combination thereof, including, 
but not limited to, one or more inflation indices, one or more currencies (including currency exchange 
rates or currency indices), one or more interest rates, one or more equity indices, formulae or other 
variables (the "Underlying Reference").

--- Page 38 ---
38 
An investment in Underlying Reference Linked Notes entails the risks that the rate of return will be 
less than that on a conventional debt security or the Underlying Reference and/or that an investor may 
lose its entire investment or part of it. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant 
Underlying Reference should be taken as an indication of future performance of such Underlying 
Reference or the trading or market value of a Note, during the term of any Note. 
Depending on the terms of the Underlying Reference Linked Notes, the amount (if any) due on 
redemption or interest payable will be determined by reference to the value of one or more Underlying 
References specified in the applicable Final Terms. If an Underlying Reference does not perform as 
expected, this will have a material adverse impact on the amounts (if any) that holders will receive in 
respect of the Notes and may also negatively affect the value of the Notes. The exposure to the 
Underlying Reference in many cases will be achieved by the Issuer entering into hedging 
arrangements. Investors are exposed to the performance of these hedging arrangements and the events 
that may affect these hedging arrangements and consequently the occurrence of any of these events 
may affect the value of the Notes. 
Additionally: 
 
the Underlying Reference may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the 
composition of any such Underlying Reference itself, or because of fluctuations in value of 
the Underlying Reference; 
 
the resulting interest rate may be less than that payable on a conventional debt security issued 
by the Issuer at the same time; 
 
any Note that is linked to more than one type of Underlying Reference, or to formulae that 
encompass the risks associated with more than one type of Underlying Reference, may carry 
levels of risk that are greater than Notes that are indexed to one type of Underlying Reference 
only; 
 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to 
Underlying Reference Linked Notes; 
 
a significant market disruption could mean that any Underlying Reference ceases to exist; and 
 
as a result of one or more of the above factors the trading or market value of the Underlying 
Reference Linked Notes may be volatile or non-correlated with the Underlying Reference. 
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying Reference(s) 
The Notes do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager 
or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Noteholders will not have any 
right of recourse under the Notes to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager 
or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference). The Notes are not in any way 
sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect 
of an Underlying Reference and such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences 
of their actions on any Noteholders and such consequences may have a negative impact on 
Noteholders. 
Holders have no ownership interest in the Underlying Reference 
The Notes convey no interest in the Underlying Reference. The Issuer may choose not to hold the 
Underlying Reference or any derivatives contracts or other instruments linked to the Underlying 
Reference. Under the Conditions of the Notes, there is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates to sell, pledge or otherwise convey all right, title and interest in any Underlying Reference 
or any derivative contracts or other instruments linked to the Underlying Reference.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
The occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event may lead to postponement or payment in an 
alternative currency 
If FX Settlement Disruption applies to the Notes and the Calculation Agent determines on the second 
Business Day prior to the relevant due date for payment (the "FX Disrupted Payment Date") that a 
FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting, investors should be aware that any 
payments of principal and/or interest may (i) occur at a different time than expected and that no 
additional amount of interest will be payable in respect of any delay in payment of principal and/or 
interest and (ii) be made in USD (the "FX Settlement Disruption Currency"). In certain 
circumstances, the rate of exchange used to convert the currency in which the Notes are denominated 
into the FX Settlement Disruption Currency may not be the market rate of exchange for such currencies 
and, in some cases, may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Risks relating to Inflation Index-Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Equity 
Index-Linked Notes, Dual Currency Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with a redemption amount and/or interest amount payable linked to (i) the 
performance of one or more inflation or price indices ("Inflation Index-Linked Notes"); (ii) one or 
more currency exchange rates ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes"), (iii) the level of an 
equity index or indices ("Equity Index-Linked Notes"); or (iv) underlying interest rates 
("Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes"). The Issuer may also issue Exempt Notes with principal 
and/or interest payable in a currency which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated ("Dual Currency Notes"). Investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" 
section for further information in relation to such Notes. 
Potential investors in such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Notes (i) they 
may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected, (iii) the market price of the Notes may be volatile and may depend on 
the time remaining to the redemption date, and (iv) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, movements in the level of the relevant inflation or equity index or indices, 
interest rates or currency exchange rates (as applicable) may be subject to significant fluctuations as a 
result of various factors over which the Issuer has no control and that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices or factors. The timing of such movements may significantly 
and/or adversely impact the return on the Notes. 
With respect specifically to Dual Currency Notes, the exchange rate used to calculate amounts payable 
in the settlement currency may be fixed prior to, on or after the issue date of the Notes, meaning the 
investors will not benefit from favourable changes in exchange rates during the terms of the Dual 
Currency Notes, and settlement in the settlement currency may result in a lower return than if 
settlement had been made in the Specified Currency due to the risk on the exchange rate and potential 
disruption expenses. 
Additional risks relating to Inflation Index-Linked Notes 
If the relevant inflation or price index is substantially altered or has been terminated and/or a substitute 
index is employed to calculate the redemption amount and/or interest amounts, if any, payable on the 
Notes, as described in the applicable Final Terms, that substitution may adversely affect the value of 
the Notes. 
Where an "adjusted" inflation or price index is being used in calculating the redemption amount and/or 
interest amounts, if any, payable on the Notes, there is a risk that the adjustments that have been made 
by the sponsor of such "adjusted" inflation or price index have not been made accurately in reducing 
the impact of seasonality and trends which affect inflation. Conversely, where a "non-adjusted" 
inflation or price index is being used in calculating the redemption amount and/or interest amounts, if

--- Page 40 ---
40 
any, payable on the Notes, Noteholders should be aware that such "non-adjusted" inflation or price 
index is subject to the effects of seasonality and trends which affect inflation. 
In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index, in which case the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes. 
Additional risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes 
Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international 
currency markets which are influenced by macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). If additional 
securities relating to particular currencies or particular currency indices are subsequently issued, the 
supply of securities relating to such currencies or currency indices, as applicable, in the market will 
increase, which could cause the price at which the Notes and such other securities trade in the 
secondary market to decline significantly. 
Noteholders of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes risk losing some or all of their investment 
if exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) do not move in the direction they 
had anticipated. Additionally, if Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes are settled in a currency 
other than the Noteholder's home currency, the negative effects of exchange rate fluctuations will be 
greater (see also "Exchange control risks" below). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event (as defined in the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions) has occurred or exists on a valuation date, any consequential 
postponement of the valuation date, or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any such 
Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. The timing of such dates 
(as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the Notes such that the 
Noteholder may receive a lower redemption amount and/or interest amount or other payment under 
the relevant Notes than otherwise would have been the case. The occurrence of such a Disruption 
Event in relation to any currency exchange rate comprising a basket may also have an adverse effect 
on the Notes related to such basket. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in 
the postponement of the date of redemption of the Notes. 
Additional risks associated with Equity Index-Linked Notes 
Equity Index-Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an underlying equity index (an "Equity 
Index"), which references equities. Investors in Equity Index-Linked Notes face the risk of a broader 
set of circumstances that mean that the assets underlying the Equity Index do not perform as expected 
compared to an investment in conventional debt securities. Accordingly, the return on an investment 
in Equity Index-Linked Notes is more likely to be adversely affected than an investment in 
conventional debt securities. The terms and conditions relevant to Equity Index-Linked Notes are set 
out in "Schedule 5 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Index-Linked Notes". 
The occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event may adversely impact holders of Equity Index-Linked 
Notes 
The occurrence of an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation or an Index Disruption (each being 
an "Index Adjustment Event", as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Equity Index-Linked Notes) may lead to (i) changes in the calculation of the relevant value or price 
(if the Calculation Agent determines such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes), 
(ii) early redemption of the Notes or (iii) the amount payable on scheduled redemption of the Notes 
being different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. Any such adjustment or 
early redemption of the Equity Index-Linked Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of such Notes and accordingly the amount holders can expect to receive on their investment.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or the failure of an exchange to open may have an 
adverse effect on the value and liquidity of Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has occurred or the 
relevant exchange has not opened on a date for valuation in respect of certain Underlying Reference 
Linked Notes, any consequential postponement of the valuation date, or any alternative provisions for 
valuation provided in any Notes in respect of an Underlying Reference (including any Underlying 
Reference comprising a basket) may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes, 
particularly if the date of redemption of the Notes is postponed as a consequence. 
Risks Relating to the Market 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes 
The possibility that the value and trading price of the Notes will fluctuate (either positively or 
negatively) depends on a number of factors, which investors should consider carefully before 
purchasing or selling Notes, including: 
(a) 
General economic conditions. Global economic and market conditions may be volatile and 
such volatility may adversely affect the price of Notes. 
(b) 
Valuation of the Underlying Reference. The market value of Underlying Reference Linked 
Notes is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the price, value level or rate (as the 
case may be) of the relevant Underlying Reference which are uncertain and which will vary 
over time. The impact of such changes on the value of Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
may not be comparable and may be disproportionate. It is possible that while the price, value, 
level or rate (as the case may be) of the Underlying Reference is increasing, the value of the 
Notes will fall. 
(c) 
Interest Rates. Investors in Notes are exposed to the risk that subsequent changes in interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Investments in the Notes may involve 
interest rate risk with respect to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Reference 
and/or the Notes. A variety of factors influence interest rates such as macroeconomic, 
governmental, speculative and market sentiment factors. Such fluctuations may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes at any time prior to valuation of the Underlying Reference relating 
to the Notes. 
(d) 
Volatility of the Underlying Reference. The actual and anticipated frequency and magnitude 
of changes of the price, value, level or rate (as the case may be) of an Underlying Reference 
will increase and decrease over time (sometimes more sharply than others) and will have an 
effect on the volatility of the Notes. 
(e) 
Exchange Rates. Even where payments in respect of the Notes are not expressly linked to a 
rate or rates of exchange between currencies, the value of the Notes may be affected by 
fluctuations in the rates of exchange between any currency in which any payment in respect 
of the Notes is to be made and any currency in which the Underlying Reference is traded, 
appreciation or depreciation of any such currencies and any existing or future governmental 
or other restrictions on the exchangeability of such currencies. Rates of exchange between any 
relevant currencies which are current rates at the date of issue of any Notes may not be 
representative of the relevant rates of exchange used in computing the value of the relevant 
Notes at any time thereafter. 
Purchasing the Notes as a hedge may not be effective 
Any person intending to use the Notes as a hedge instrument should recognise the correlation risk. The 
Notes may not be a perfect hedge to an Underlying Reference or portfolio of which the Underlying

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Reference forms a part. In addition, it may not be possible to liquidate the Notes at a level which 
directly reflects the price of the Underlying Reference or portfolio of which the Underlying Reference 
forms a part. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may be not very liquid or not liquid at all. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Potential investors should consequently be willing to hold the Notes through their life. If the Notes are 
listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system this does not imply greater or lesser liquidity than 
if equivalent Notes were not so listed or quoted. However, if Notes are not listed or quoted there may 
be a lack of transparency with regard to pricing information. Liquidity may also be affected by legal 
restrictions on offers for sale in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer may affect the liquidity of the Notes 
by purchasing and holding the Notes for its own account during trading in the secondary market. Any 
such Notes may be resold at any time into the market. 
A Note's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should be aware that the purchase price of a Note does not necessarily 
reflect its inherent value. Any difference between a Note's purchase price and its inherent value may 
be due to a number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and 
fees, discounts or commissions paid or accorded to the various parties involved in structuring and/or 
distributing the Note. Any such difference in value could negatively affect the return an investor may 
receive. For further information prospective purchasers should refer to the party from whom they are 
purchasing the Notes. Prospective purchasers may also wish to seek an independent valuation of Notes 
prior to their purchase. 
A credit rating reduction may result in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. Such perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to 
the outstanding securities of the Issuer by standard statistical rating services, such as S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's France S.A.S. A reduction in the 
rating, if any, attributed to outstanding debt securities of the Issuer by one of these or other rating 
agencies could result in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. A rating agency may fail to withdraw its rating in a timely manner. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency

--- Page 43 ---
43 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the 
case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks associated with Notes with a nexus to emerging markets 
Where the value and return of the Notes depends on the performance of one or more Underlying 
References issued by issuers located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, 
denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or where Notes are 
denominated in currencies of emerging or developing countries, Noteholders are exposed to greater 
risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions 
on foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower 
levels of disclosure and regulation and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of 
laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. 
Noteholders of Notes with a nexus to emerging or developing countries are exposed to the risk that 
such Notes may be less liquid and the prices of those Notes more volatile, thus increasing the risk that 
such Noteholders may experience a loss on their investment. In addition, settlement of trades in such 
markets may be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
Investors in such Notes should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a disruption 
event and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for certain developing 
or emerging markets.  
Risks relating to movements in exchange rates and the imposition of exchange controls 
Notes are issued in the currency specified in the Final Terms applicable thereto (the "note currency") 
and such income and principal arising from such Notes are subject to exchange rate risk for an investor

--- Page 44 ---
44 
who has to convert another currency (the "investor currency") into such note currency to purchase 
the Notes. As a result of such risk, investors may receive at maturity an amount in the note currency 
that, if converted back into the investor currency by the investor, may be less than the initially 
converted amount. The same cross-currency exposure risk applies to the interest payments made in 
the note currency that are intended to be converted at a spot rate into an investor currency by the 
Noteholder. An appreciation in the value of the investor currency relative to the note currency would 
decrease (a) the investor currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the investor currency equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the investor currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
There is a risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the note currency and/or the currency in which 
the Underlying Reference is denominated, such as government and monetary authorities, may impose 
or modify (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate or the ability to transfer of funds in and out of the relevant country. Such exchange 
controls, if imposed would have a negative impact on the amount a holder is able to realise from Notes 
denominated in an affected note currency or referencing an affected Underlying Reference. 
The imposition of exchange controls in respect of a Relevant Currency (as defined in the Conditions) 
could significantly increase the risk of an FX Settlement Disruption Event (as defined in Condition 
6.9 (in the case of Euro Notes) and Condition 5.8 (in the case of Luxembourg Notes)) occurring. If an 
FX Settlement Disruption Event occurs payments of principal and/or interest (if applicable) may (i) 
occur at a different time than expected and that no additional amount of interest will be payable in 
respect of any delay in payment of principal and/or interest and (ii) be made in USD. The occurrence 
of an FX Settlement Disruption Event could have a significant adverse impact on the amount a 
Noteholder receives in respect of the Notes and may mean that the Noteholder is unable to receive 
payment in the desired currency. If the Noteholder receives payment in USD, it may not be able to 
exchange the amount received into the relevant note currency or it may only be able to do so at an 
exchange rate that significantly adversely impacts the amount the Noteholder ultimately receives in 
the note currency. 
The return on an investment in Notes will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor's total return on an investment in any Notes will be affected by the level of fees charged 
by the nominee service provider and/or Relevant Clearing System used by the investor. Such a person 
or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of 
Notes, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts or delivery of 
securities. Potential investors should investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on 
the relevant Notes. 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the potential profit of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions 
as a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or 
pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional — domestic or 
foreign — parties are involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic 
dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be 
charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party 
costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must 
also take into account the adverse effect of any follow-up costs (such as custody fees) on potential 
profit of the Notes. 
Legal Risks

--- Page 45 ---
45 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, Noteholders who did not consent to the written 
resolutions and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Risks related to the intragroup merger of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and its parent 
company, BNP Paribas SA  
BNPP and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA ("BP2S") are implementing an intragroup 
reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BP2S, as the 
"absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which is governed by 
Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BP2S acts as Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar (through its 
branch in Luxembourg) under the Programme.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the intragroup merger is due to take place on 1 October 2022, 
subject to ongoing consultation with local work councils in some countries. BP2S is currently a distinct 
legal entity within the BNPP Group, although it is wholly owned by BNPP. The intragroup merger 
will see this distinct legal entity cease to exist and the business of BP2S will instead be provided via 
BNPP. Following the intragroup merger, BNPP will become Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar 
(through its branch in Luxembourg) under the Programme. 
The intragroup merger could impact the continuity of business operations, particularly when unrelated 
companies are involved. Since BP2S is a consolidated subsidiary of BNPP, the intragroup merger is 
not expected to have any material adverse effect on the business of BP2S or BNPP. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders, including (but not limited to) with respect to certain determinations and judgements that 
the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence any interest amount 
due on, and for the amount receivable upon redemption of, the Notes. 
The Issuer and its affiliates (including, if applicable, any Dealer) may: 
(i) 
engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) relating to any Notes, any 
Underlying Reference and any other instruments or derivative products based on or relating 
to the Underlying Reference of any Notes for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts 
under their management; 
(ii) 
issue other derivative instruments in respect of, or related to, any Notes or any Underlying 
Reference; 
(iii) 
underwrite future offerings of shares or other securities related to an issue of Notes or acting 
as financial adviser or in a commercial banking capacity to certain companies or companies 
whose shares or other securities are included in the Underlying Reference in respect of a Series 
of Notes;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(iv) 
carry out activities that minimise its and/or their risks related to the Notes, including effecting 
transactions for their own account or for the account of their customers and hold long or short 
positions in the Underlying Reference whether for risk reduction purposes or otherwise; and 
(v) 
in connection with such hedging or market making activities or with respect to proprietary or 
other trading activities, enter into transactions in the Underlying Reference which may affect 
the market price, liquidity or value of the Underlying Reference and/or the Notes and which 
could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. 
The Issuer and its affiliates are likely to modify their hedging positions throughout the life of the Notes 
whether by effecting transactions in the Underlying Reference or in derivatives linked to the 
Underlying Reference. Further, it is possible that the advisory services that the Issuer and its affiliates 
provide in the ordinary course of their business could have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Underlying Reference. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the 
prices of the Underlying Reference or other securities and could adversely affect the value of the 
Notes. 
Following the intragroup merger of BP2S and BNPP described in "Risks related to the intragroup 
merger of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and its parent company, BNP Paribas SA" above, 
BNPP will perform various agency roles in place of BP2S under the Programme. As a result, potential 
conflicts of interest may arise between these roles. Such potential conflicts of interests are mitigated 
using different management teams and information barriers within BNPP, but the possibility of 
conflicts of interest arising cannot be completely eliminated. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes are governed by English law and the Terms and 
Conditions of Luxembourg Notes are governed by Luxembourg law, each in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The possible impact of any judicial decision or change to an administrative 
practice or change to English law or Luxembourg law, as applicable after the date of this Base 
Prospectus is unknown and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it. 
Termination of Notes in the event of illegality 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes has become unlawful, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes by paying to each Noteholder the early redemption amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Such redemption may result in an investor losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Tax deduction and withholding 
Payments in respect of the Notes may be made subject to deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed within Luxembourg or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, the jurisdiction in which the 
Specified Branch (if any) is located, as provided in Condition 8 in the case of Euro Notes or Condition 
7 in the case of Luxembourg Notes and without the Issuer being obliged, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (in the case of Euro Notes) and Condition 7 (in the case of 
Luxembourg Notes), to make additional payments in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
Consequently, the payment of principal and/or interest, if any, in respect of the Notes may be less than 
expected. 
The implementation of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could materially affect the 
Notes and their holders 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") provides for

--- Page 47 ---
47 
the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms. The BRRD has been implemented in Luxembourg by several legislative texts to 
provide relevant resolution authorities with, among other powers, a credible set of tools (the "BRRD 
Resolution Tools") to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so 
as to ensure the continuity of that institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of its potential failure on the economy and financial system. 
Following a review of BRRD, Directive no. 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD 
2") was adopted.  
BRRD 2 was transposed into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 20 May 2021 which is 
effective, as far as provisions relating to recovery and resolution are concerned, from 25 May 2021. 
If the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the conditions 
set by the BRRD, and the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") (acting in cooperation with the CSSF) 
as the resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD Resolution Tools (including, a 
sale of the business, the creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any shortfall from 
the sale of the Issuer's assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amounts of certain 
claims of unsecured creditors of the Issuer (including the Notes), or, in a worst case scenario, a 
reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including the Notes) might also be 
converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or cancellation being first on common equity tier one 
instruments, thereafter the reduction, cancellation or conversion being on additional tier one 
instruments, then tier two instruments and other subordinated debts, then other eligible liabilities). The 
SRB (acting in cooperation with the CSSF) as the resolution authority may also seek to amend the 
terms (such as varying the date for redemption or settlement) of any outstanding unsecured debt 
securities (including the Notes) (all as further described in Condition 22 of the Euro Notes and 
Condition 20 of the Luxembourg Notes (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption)). 
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last 
resort, after having assessed and applied the resolution tools above, including the bail-in tool, to the 
maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD by the SRB (acting in cooperation with the CSSF) as the 
resolution authority or any suggestion that such powers may be exercised could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the holders of Notes, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. As a result, holders of Notes could lose 
all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
A number of major interest rates (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
rates, indices, and other published values or benchmarks are the subject of national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Notes linked to any such value or benchmark.  
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") is 
a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to certain transitional

--- Page 48 ---
48 
provisions, since 1 January 2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as 
EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value 
of, certain financial instruments (including securities listed on an EU regulated market, EU multilateral 
trading facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF") or via a systematic internaliser). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") is the relevant regulatory regime 
applicable to, among other things, the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such 
and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not 
authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks 
provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been 
determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if not based in 
the UK, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes for which 
a request for admission to trading on a trading venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading 
venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in 
part) upon a "benchmark" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark may result in: 
 
the level of the published rate or the level of the "benchmark" or the volatility of the published 
rate or level being adversely affected; 
 
an increase in the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements; 
 
the "benchmark" (including certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks) being discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, which may result in the relevant rate in respect of the Notes (if any) 
being determined based on any applicable fallback provisions; 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark being changed in order to comply with 
regulatory requirements; 
 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described under "Risks 
associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" below); or  
 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
and/or could lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted or cancelled following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary valuation or adjustment by the Calculation 
Agent or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the 
Notes. This could also negatively affect the liquidity of the Notes and a Noteholder's ability to sell 
their Notes in the secondary market.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal 
with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for said benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority in certain circumstances, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback 
provisions and where certain trigger events relating to nonrepresentativeness or cessation or wind 
down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the statutory replacement where all 
parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument have agreed to apply a 
different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing act. A 
statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, certain Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations 
and the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 
2023 (and the Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary). There are therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these 
legislative developments. Accordingly, there may be a risk that a statutory replacement benchmark 
may designated if, for instance, a replacement benchmark determined in accordance with the fallback 
provisions is deemed unsuitable as its application no longer reflects or significantly diverges from the 
underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure (and 
where certain other conditions are satisfied, including one of the parties objecting to the contractually 
agreed fallback).  
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may lead to early redemption or adjustment of 
the Notes which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related 
adjustments to the Notes, including, if applicable, to reflect increased costs. An 
Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or may occur: 
(1) a benchmark is materially changed or permanently cancelled, (2)(i) the relevant authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark 
or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register is rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval is suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn or (3) it is not 
commercially reasonable to continue use of the benchmark due to licensing restrictions or increased 
licence costs. 
Any such adjustment or cancellation of the Notes following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes 
and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their investment. 
The discontinuation of Interbank Offered Rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc and Japanese Yen London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR"), across all 
tenors, and U.S. dollar LIBOR 1 week and 2 month tenors, either ceased to exist entirely, or became 
non-representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such rates are were intended to 
measure, immediately after 31 December 2021 and U.S. dollar LIBOR overnight, 1, 3, 6 and 12 month 
tenors will either cease to exist entirely, or will become non-representative immediately after 30 June 
2023. The future of EURIBOR is also uncertain. Amongst other developments, new issuances of 
products referencing LIBOR are no longer permitted (except in very limited circumstances) and 
relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from Interbank Offered Rates 
("IBORs"), such as EURIBOR. A number of "risk free rates" have been identified to take the place of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), as the primary Sterling interest rate benchmark, and (ii) for 
EONIA and EURIBOR, Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new euro risk free rate. The risk free 
rates have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they have 
replaced, a limited historical track record and may be subject to changes in their methodology. It is 
not known whether certain IBORs will continue long-term in their current form. Uncertainties in the 
development of these risk free rates could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Notes linked to any such rates.  
The reforms and eventual replacement of EURIBORs with €STR risk free rates may cause EURIBOR 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. 
Investors in Notes referencing EURIBOR as an Underlying Interest Rate or as a floating rate of interest 
face the risk that such rate will be discontinued or otherwise unavailable during the term of their Notes, 
in which case the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-
back provisions applicable to the Notes. Depending on the manner in which EURIBOR is to be 
determined under the Conditions, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) the application of a 
backward looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward 
looking term and include a risk element based on inter bank lending, (ii) result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was 
available, or (iii) be determined by reference to an alternative rate selected by an institution with 
authority consistent with industry accepted standards or, in the absence of such alternative rate, by a 
third party agent appointed by the Calculation Agent. As the replacement rate will not be identical to 
the original rate (and may not be comparable), any of the foregoing circumstances could have a 
significant adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Notes. In addition, any 
Noteholders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the original replacement 
reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges 
with instruments tied to the new replacement reference rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rates for Notes that pay a floating 
rate of interest 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of the Notes 
will be determined by reference to SONIA, the Rate of Interest or Rate will be determined by reference 
to Compounded Daily SONIA or Weighted Average SONIA as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The ongoing development of compounded daily SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets, as 
well as continued development of SONIA-rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rate, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any Notes that reference a SONIA. 
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest that 
reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA 
rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA 
rate to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. In contrast to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
referencing a term rate, such as EURIBOR, if Notes referencing compounded daily SONIA are 
redeemed early and accrued interest is payable on such redemption in respect of a period which is not 
an Interest Period, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes will only be determined 
at the due date for redemption.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of the SONIA reference rate in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, 
such as the derivative and loan markets. Any such mismatch between the adoption of the SONIA 
reference rate across these markets may adversely impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which a Noteholder has in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes 
referencing a SONIA rate and could have a material adverse impact on such Noteholders' investments.  
To the extent the SONIA rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of 
Interest or Rate in respect of an Interest Period, will be determined using the fallback provisions set 
out in the Conditions. Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower 
than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the 
Notes if the SONIA rate had been published as expected as of the Issue Date of the Notes. In addition, 
application of the fallback provisions may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest 
in respect of the Notes.  
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by 
reference to SONIA 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated by reference to SONIA. Because such rates are 
overnight funding rates, interest on Notes that reference such rates with Interest Periods longer than 
overnight will be calculated on the basis of (i) the weighted average mean of SONIA over the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period in respect of an Interest Period or where SONIA is fixed for a certain 
number of days prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period, or (ii) a compounded SONIA (x) in 
respect of the Interest Period, provided that the SONIA used as the basis for calculation is that which 
was published a specified number of days prior to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period 
that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified 
number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period. As a consequence of these calculation methods, 
the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time 
prior to the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest 
amount which will be payable on such Notes and there is a possibility that such amount could be lower 
than expected. 
Risk associated with nominee arrangements 
Where a nominee service provider is used by an investor to hold Notes or such investor holds interests 
in any Note through an account with a Relevant Clearing System, such investor will receive payments 
in respect of principal, interest, or any other amounts due, or securities deliverable, as applicable, 
solely on the basis of the arrangements entered into by the investor with the relevant nominee service 
provider or Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. Furthermore, such investor must rely on 
the relevant nominee service provider or Relevant Clearing System to distribute all payments or 
securities attributable to the relevant Notes which are received from the Issuer. Accordingly, such an 
investor will be exposed to the credit risk of, and default risk in respect of, the relevant nominee service 
provider or Relevant Clearing System, as well as the Issuer. 
In addition, such a Noteholder will only be able to sell any Notes held by it prior to their stated maturity 
date with the assistance of the relevant nominee service provider. None of the Issuer or any Paying 
Agent shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of any relevant nominee service provider or 
Relevant Clearing System nor makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the 
service provided by any relevant nominee service provider or Relevant Clearing System. 
The relationship of the United Kingdom with the European Union may affect the business (including 
the Notes) of the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
The United Kingdom ("UK") left the European Union ("EU") on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the 
transition period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union

--- Page 52 ---
52 
and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute 
book in the UK. 
Although the UK and the EU have entered into a Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement"), to govern their relationship going forward the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated 
financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
Due to the on-going political uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between the 
UK and the EU, the precise impact on the business of BGL is difficult to determine. As such, such 
matters could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes with a 
UK nexus and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
General Investment Considerations associated with the Notes 
Actions taken by the Calculation Agent may affect the Notes 
The Calculation Agent is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders, and is under no 
obligation to take into account the interests of Noteholders. The Calculation Agent may be an affiliate 
of the Issuer or the Issuer may itself act as the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will have 
discretion, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, to make such adjustments to 
the Notes as it considers appropriate in certain circumstances (as set out in the Conditions of the Notes 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, the applicable Pricing Supplement). In making these adjustments 
the Calculation Agent is entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of 
interest in exercising this discretion. The Calculation Agent is not required to make adjustments with 
respect to each and every corporate action or other event or circumstance entitling it to make an 
adjustment. 
Taxes may be payable by investors 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp 
duties, taxes or documentary charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where 
the Notes are transferred. Potential purchasers should consult their own independent tax advisers. In 
addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant 
taxation authorities change from time to time. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax 
treatment that will apply at any given time. 
Ownership in respect of the Notes in registered form 
The Issuer will, in respect of the Registered Notes, cause a register (the "Register") to be kept at the 
specified office of the Registrar in which will be entered the names and addresses of the holders of the 
Registered Notes and particulars of the Registered Notes held by them and all transfers and 
redemptions of the Registered Notes. 
Ownership in respect of the Registered Notes is established by the relevant registration (inscription) 
in the Register. Individual Certificates representing the Registered Notes may be issued but they do 
not confer title to the Registered Notes. Such Individual Certificates would also, in principle, not be 
conclusive evidence to prove ownership in respect of the Registered Notes. 
Additional considerations associated with Notes held in global form 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will initially be represented by a Global Note deposited with a 
common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or a depositary for one or more other clearing systems specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (each a "Relevant Clearing System"). A Global Note or Global Certificate will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Individual Certificates only in limited circumstances described 
in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. 
For so long as any Notes are held by or on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System, payments of principal, 
interest and any other amounts will be made through the Relevant Clearing System, where required, 
against presentation (where applicable) or surrender (as the case may be) of the relevant Global Note 
or Global Certificate and, in the case of a temporary Global Note, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. The bearer of the relevant Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Global 
Certificate, typically a depositary for the Relevant Clearing System and not the holders of only a 
beneficial interest in the Global Note or Global Certificate, shall be treated by the Issuer and any 
Paying Agent as the sole holder of the relevant Notes with respect to the payment of principal, interest

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(if any) and any other amounts payable in respect of the Notes and the Issuer will discharge payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other depositary, as the case may be, for distribution to their 
accountholders. 
Notes which are held by or on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing System 
and investors will have to rely on such rules and operating procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. None of the Issuer and the Paying Agents have any responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes and shall not under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of any Relevant Clearing 
System in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Notes. Access to the Relevant 
Clearing Systems is available through their respective participants. 
Accountholders holding beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates through a 
Relevant Clearing System will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, 
such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the Relevant Clearing 
System to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, accountholders holding beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes or Global Certificates relating to the Euro Notes through a Relevant Clearing System 
will not have a direct right under the Global Notes or Global Certificates to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their 
rights under the Deed of Covenant (as defined in the Conditions). 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Investors should also refer to "Potential conflicts of interest" in the "Risks" section.  
 
Investment Considerations associated with Certain Interest Rates 
Additional information on EURIBOR and related reforms 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-
free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to the Notes, as further described in the Conditions.  
Additional information on the development of SONIA as a reference rate  
Noteholders of Notes that reference SONIA should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to GBP-

--- Page 55 ---
55 
LIBOR. For example, in the context of backwards-looking rates, market participants and relevant 
working groups are currently assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted 
average rates and the basis on which to determine them, and such groups are also exploring forward-
looking "term" SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average SONIA rate over a designated term); although, it is not known when this will be adopted by 
the markets. The adoption of SONIA may also see component inputs into swap rates or other 
composite rates.  
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from the methodology set out in the Conditions.  
Additional information on the development of SONIA reference rates for use in the capital markets  
The ongoing development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.  
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest or 
Underlying Interest Rate may be changed 
In respect of Notes linked to an Underlying Interest Rate or Notes which pay a floating rate of interest, 
if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines at any time that the relevant reference rate has been 
discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the relevant reference rate, the 
alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution in the jurisdiction of the currency of the relevant rate that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards. If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an 
alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint a determination agent (which may be the 
Issuer, an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent) who will determine a replacement reference 
rate, as well as any required changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, 
the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the replacement 
rate including any adjustment required to make such replacement reference rate comparable to the 
relevant reference rate. Such replacement reference rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding, and will apply to the relevant Notes.  
The replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued reference rate. There can be no 
assurance that any adjustment applied to any Notes will adequately compensate for this impact.  
The conditions also provide for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate quotations, 
which may not be possible if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a sustained 
period of time (or at all). If the relevant screen page for the reference rate is not available or it is not 
possible to obtain quotations then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant rate of interest for 
the affected Notes at the relevant time acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Investors should note that the replacement rate may be different to the original rate.  
It is possible that, if a reference rate is discontinued, a clear successor rate will not be established in 
the market for some time. Accordingly, the terms of the Notes provide as an ultimate fallback that, 
following the designation of a replacement rate, if the Calculation Agent or the determination agent 
appointed by the Calculation Agent considers that such replacement reference rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the original reference rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint or re-appoint a determination agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the 
replacement reference rate or determining a substitute replacement reference rate (despite the 
continued existence of the initial replacement reference rate). Any such substitute replacement 
reference rate, once designated pursuant to the Conditions, will apply to the affected Notes. This could

--- Page 56 ---
56 
impact the relevant rate of interest in respect of the Notes. In addition, any holders of such Notes that 
enter into hedging instruments based on the original replacement reference rate may find their 27 
hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the 
new replacement reference rate. 
Investment Considerations associated with Adjustment, Disruption and related Redemption 
Provisions in respect of the Notes 
Description of early redemption at the option of the Issuer, Additional Disruption Events and Optional 
Additional Disruption Events 
The Issuer may choose to redeem Notes early for various reasons. For example, the Issuer may choose 
to redeem Notes early when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes for tax 
reasons, following an event of default, if the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations 
under the Notes has become unlawful or impracticable, following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event if it becomes impossible or impracticable to perform, in whole or in 
part, its obligations under the Notes and/or any related hedging arrangements or following certain 
events relating to an Underlying Reference (if applicable). 
If an Additional Disruption Event or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the 
applicable Final Terms occurs the Notes may be subject to adjustment or redemption or the amount 
payable on scheduled redemption may be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled 
redemption. The Additional Disruption Events relate to changes in law (including changes in tax or 
regulatory capital requirements) and hedging disruption in respect of any hedging transactions relating 
to the Notes (both as more fully set out in the Conditions).   
The Optional Additional Disruption Events that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
correspond to the occurrence of an event relating to benchmark reform (including a material change, 
permanent cancellation or issue with any official authorisation of the benchmark, administrator or 
sponsor) (an Administrator/Benchmark Event), relate to increased cost of any hedging transactions in 
respect of the Notes (an Increased Cost of Hedging) and/or an inability to borrow any relevant share 
(a Loss of Stock Borrow) (as set out in the Conditions). 
Consequences of a Disrupted Day 
In the case of Equity Index-Linked Notes, the occurrence of a Disrupted Day may delay the 
determination of the final level, value or amount of the index which could also cause a delay in the 
payment of any amount payable in respect of the Notes, as more fully set out in the Conditions. 
Investment Considerations associated with Notes Linked to the Performance of one or more 
Underlying References 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Inflation Index-Linked Notes 
In respect of Inflation Index-Linked Redemption Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) 
on redemption determined by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices and/or 
the Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the 
underlying inflation index/indices.  
The terms of the Inflation Index-Linked Notes may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of an 
inflation index. The Calculation Agent will determine a substitute level for the relevant inflation index 
by reference to (a) a related bond specified in the Final Terms or (b) a formula that calculates the level 
of the relevant inflation index based on previously available levels. If publication of the level of the 
relevant inflation index is disrupted or discontinued or the inflation index is cancelled, the Calculation 
Agent may determine a successor inflation index.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
The Calculation Agent may further adjust the terms of the Inflation Index-Linked Notes to take 
account of such substitute level or substitute inflation index. The Calculation Agent may also make 
adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Index-Linked Notes or the relevant level of an inflation index 
if (a) a published level is subsequently revised within the cut-off periods described in the Conditions, 
(b) there is a material change to the formula for calculating an inflation index or (c) an inflation index 
is rebased, provided that, if an inflation index is rebased such that the Calculation Agent is unable to 
make adjustments that would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem the 
Inflation Index-Linked Notes at its fair market value, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or 
amended any related underlying hedging arrangements in accordance with the Conditions.  
Investors should be aware that if an inflation index is cancelled (and the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a successor inflation index), either the Calculation Agent will calculate the level of the 
inflation index or the Issuer will redeem the Inflation Index-Linked Notes at its fair market value, less 
the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amended any related underlying hedging arrangements in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes 
The payment of principal and/or interest on Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes is determined 
by reference to the value of one or more Subject Currencies against one or more Base Currencies. 
Accordingly, an investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes may bear similar market 
risks to a direct currency investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Currency values may be affected by complex political and economic factors, including governmental 
action to fix or support the value of a currency (or basket of currencies), regardless of other market 
forces. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some currencies have been volatile. This volatility may be 
expected in the future. Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are 
not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any 
Note. Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Notes. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
is dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates, may depend upon the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates.  Movements in currency exchange rates 
may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
A Disruption Event will occur in respect of the base currency or any subject currency if (i) there is a 
disruption to the source of the exchange rate, (ii) it is not possible to obtain firm quotes for such 
currency, (iii) the currency is split into more than one currency exchange rate, or (iv) circumstances 
similar to (i), (ii) or (iii) arise. Upon the occurrence of a Disruption Event in respect of a date for 
valuation, the following consequences may apply:  
(a)  
the Calculation Agent may postpone the relevant date for valuation until the Disruption Event 
is no longer subsisting, up to a maximum number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
if not specified five Scheduled Trading Days), following which the Calculation Agent may determine 
a level for the subject currency as of the last such Scheduled Trading Day; or  
(b)  
the Issuer may redeem the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes in full at the early 
redemption amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Equity Index-Linked Notes 
The payment of principal and/or interest on Equity Index-Linked Notes is dependent upon the level of 
an equity index or indices. The level of the equity index or indices may be affected by the economic,

--- Page 58 ---
58 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any securities comprising the equity index or indices may be traded.  The equity 
index may reference equities or other securities. 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may not be able to trade on and hedge its obligations in respect of the 
equity index under the Notes notwithstanding the calculation or publication of the level of such equity 
index.  In the event that any relevant date for valuation is a Disrupted Day for such equity index, that 
valuation date shall be the first succeeding day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which the Issuer or 
relevant affiliate is able to trade on and hedge its obligations in respect of such equity index, subject 
to a specified maximum days of disruption, as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes.  Where this occurs on (i) the Strike Date for valuation, the Calculation Agent will not be able 
to determine the initial or strike level for the equity index or (ii) the final date for valuation, the 
Calculation Agent will not determine the final level for the equity index until such time as the 
disruption is no longer subsisting, or the specified maximum days of disruption has elapsed, whichever 
is sooner.  Investors should be aware that any delay to the determination of the final level of the equity 
index may result in a delay in the payment of the Final Redemption Amount. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes 
The payment of principal and/or interest on Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes is dependent upon 
movements in underlying interest rates. Interest rates are determined by various factors which are 
influenced by macroeconomic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention. In recent years, interest rates have been relatively low and stable, but this 
may not continue and interest rates may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred 
in any interest rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in 
the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations in interest rates will affect the value of Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Notes. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend upon the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of interest rates.  Movements in interest rates may be dependent 
upon economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, you are offered Notes by any entity, you should check that 
such entity has been given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its offer 
before agreeing to purchase any Notes.  The following entities have consent to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Non-exempt Offer: 
 
any entity named as a Dealer or Manager in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted 
specific consent to use the Base Prospectus; 
 
any financial intermediary named on the Issuer's website (www.bgl.lu) as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the Non-exempt Offer (if that financial intermediary has been appointed 
after the date of the applicable Final Terms); and 
 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", any 
financial intermediary authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive, as amended (Directive 2014/65/EU) who has published the Acceptance 
Statement (set out below) on its website. 
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and only in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer by any person and the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. 
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to Non-exempt Offers. 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each 
State in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent (from amongst Member States), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (each specified State a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together 
the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions").  Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt 
Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the 
use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that 
consent. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised 
Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base 
Prospectus are complied with.  The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" 
and "Common Conditions to Consent" below.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, the Issuer has not authorised the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer by any Offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of 
this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes.  
Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the 
Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in 
relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If 
the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together the 
"Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent": 
Specific consent 
 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and whose name is published on the Issuer's website (www.bgl.lu) and identified as 
an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
General consent 
 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer 
of Notes by any other financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, as amended (Directive 2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of 
relevant Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
"Final Terms") published by BGL BNP Paribas (the "Issuer").  In consideration of 
the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined 
in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify Member 
State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the other conditions to such consent, 
each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus) 
and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial 
intermediary agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the 
relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, 
all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable 
regulatory bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness 
or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential Investor,;  
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in 
this Base Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial 
intermediary were a Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer's 
target market assessment and distribution channels identified under 
the "MiFID II product governance" legend and/or the "UK MiFIR 
product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable; 
III. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any 
kind) or rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary 
in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules 
and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed 
to Investors or potential Investors; 
IV. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in 
connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the 
Notes under the Rules; 
V. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-
corruption and "know your client" Rules (including, without 
limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, 
to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior 
to initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will not permit 
any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies; 
VI. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the 
extent permitted by the Rules, make such records available to the 
relevant Dealer, the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order

--- Page 62 ---
62 
to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your 
client" Rules applying to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as the 
case may be; 
VII. 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall 
become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the 
extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial 
intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial 
intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
VIII. 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing 
relevant information (including, without limitation, documents and 
records maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI above) and such further 
assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request from the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by any such 
regulator or regulatory process.  For this purpose, "relevant 
information" is information that is available to or can be acquired by 
the relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any 
regulator in relation to the Notes, the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer; and/or 
(b) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, 
without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(c) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably 
require from time to time in relation to the Notes and/or as to 
allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with 
its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
IX. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (a) only sell the 
Notes at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (b) only sell the 
Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; (c) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise 
agreed with the relevant Dealer); (d) not pay any fee or remuneration 
or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the 
offering or sale of the Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Dealer); and (e) comply with such other rules of conduct as 
may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; 
X. 
either (a) obtain from each potential investor an executed application 
for the Notes, or (b) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial 
intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) 
receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-
only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Notes on 
their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so 
long as is required by any applicable Rules;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
XI. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
XII. 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time 
it becomes aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any 
Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and 
comply with such Rules in all respects; 
XIII. 
ensure that Investors understand the rights associated with an 
investment in the Notes; 
XIV. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
XV. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), 
the applicable Final Terms and any applicable information booklet 
provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish 
any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with 
this Base Prospectus; and 
XVI. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base 
Prospectus or any other materials provided to such financial 
intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (a) is fair, clear 
and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (b) states that such 
financial 
intermediary 
has 
provided 
such 
communication 
independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer and 
the 
relevant 
Dealer 
accepts 
any 
responsibility 
for 
such 
communication and (c) does not, without the prior written consent of 
the Issuer, or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or 
publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other 
name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective 
groups or any material over which any such entity retains a 
proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the 
relevant Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it 
or any of its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons (each a "Relevant Party") incurs any losses, liabilities, 
costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable 
costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and 
disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) (a "Loss") 
arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the 
foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the 
relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any 
unauthorised action by the relevant financial intermediary or failure by it to 
observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by it of 
any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information

--- Page 64 ---
64 
which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Loss. None of the 
Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary 
or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment 
or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it under this 
provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial 
intermediary formed upon acceptance by the relevant financial 
intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base Prospectus with its 
consent in connection with the relevant Non-Exempt Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law; 
II. 
subject to (V) below when the offer relates to Euro Notes, the English 
courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of 
or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") 
and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
III. 
where the offer relates to Luxembourg Notes, the courts within the 
jurisdiction of Luxembourg have jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) 
(a "Dispute") and the Issuer and the financial intermediary submit to 
the jurisdiction of such Luxembourg courts; 
IV. 
for the purposes of (C) (II) and (V), the relevant financial 
intermediary waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any dispute; 
V. 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (a) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction; and (b) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions; and 
VI. 
each Relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the 
Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for 
their benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary 
pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets the 
conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus

--- Page 65 ---
65 
in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of 
the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance 
Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes in France, Belgium or Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The only Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in (b) above, will be and accordingly 
each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in France, 
Belgium or Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such 
offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL 
BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES 
AND SETTLEMENT.  THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-
EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH 
INFORMATION.  THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER OR, 
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR 
LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
The following section relates to Non-exempt Notes. 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching 
to the relevant Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new 
factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, 
together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, will be 
contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, complete the Conditions and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, that Drawdown 
Prospectus will complete, supplement, amend and/or replace the Conditions. The Terms and 
Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms or which is the subject of 
a Drawdown Prospectus are the Conditions as completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced to 
the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is 
the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
In relation to Non-exempt Notes, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, any Drawdown 
Prospectus will be drawn up as a single document containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
the Annual Report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 (in French) (the "French 
Annual Report 2021") available at https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-
officiels/donnees-financieres/rapports-annuels/fr/web_Rapport_annuel_2021_0322_BGL.pdf 
including the: 
Rapport d'audit 
set out at pages 35-41  
Compte de résultat consolidé 
set out at page 42 
État du résultat net consolidé et des variations d'actifs et 
de passifs comptabilisées directement en capitaux 
propres consolidés 
set out at page 43 
Bilan consolidé  
set out at page 44 
Tableau de passage des capitaux propres consolidés du 
1er janvier 2020 au 31 décembre 2021 
set out at pages 45-46 
Tableau des flux de trésorerie consolidé  
set out at page 47 
Notes annexes aux états financiers 
set out at pages 48-132 
 
the Annual Report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 (in French) (the "French 
Annual Report 2020") available at https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-
officiels/donnees-financieres/rapports-annuels/fr/rapport-annuel-
2020/web_FR_Rapport_annuel_2020_0321_BGL.pdf including the: 
Rapport d'audit 
set out at page 37-43 
Compte de résultat consolidé 
set out at page 44 
État du résultat net consolidé et des variations d'actifs et 
de passifs comptabilisées directement en capitaux 
propres consolidés 
set out at page 45 
Bilan consolidé  
set out at page 46 
Tableau de passage des capitaux propres consolidés du 
1er janvier 2019 au 31 décembre 2020 
set out at pages 47-48 
Tableau des flux de trésorerie consolidé  
set out at page 49 
Notes annexes aux états financiers 
set out at pages 50-129 
 
the information set out on pages 53, 58, 82 and 85 of the document entitled "Pilier 3 de Bâle 3 - BGL 
BNP Paribas au 31 décembre 2021" (in French) published by BGL and available at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/donnees-financieres/pilier-
bale3/Pilier_3_BGL_2021.pdf;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
the press release (in French) dated 7 April 2022 in respect of BGL BNP Paribas financial results for 
the year to 31 December 2021 available at https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-
officiels/donnees-financieres/resultats-31-12-2021.FR.pdf; 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 24 June 2013 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2013_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_20130624.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2013 Conditions") 
set out at pages 138 to 254 
 
the following parts of the first supplement to the base prospectus dated 09 October 2013 relating to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-
officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2013_%201st%20Supplement_Base%20Prospectus_9%20October%202013.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Euro Notes" 
set out on page 7 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" 
set out on page 8 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 24 June 2014 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2014_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_20140624.PDF: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2014 Conditions") 
set out at pages 148 to 264 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 24 June 2015 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2015_EMTN_Base_Prospectus%2020150624.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2015 Conditions") 
set out at pages 153 to 262 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 22 June 2016 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2016_EMTN_Base_Prospectus%2020160622.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2016 Conditions") 
set out at pages 181 to 315

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 20 June 2017 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2017_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_20170620.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2017 Conditions") 
set out at pages 192 to 329 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 20 June 2018 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2018_EMTN_Base_Prospectus%2020180620.PDF: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2018 Conditions") 
set out at pages 197 to 337 
 
the following parts of the first supplement to the base prospectus dated 02 November 2018 relating to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-
officiels/produits-derives/BGL_2018%201st%20supplement%2020181102.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the headings "Terms and 
Conditions of the Euro Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" 
set out at pages 9 to 14 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 21 June 2019 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2019_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_20190621.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2019 Conditions") 
set out at pages 202 to 364 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 9 July 2020 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2020_EMTN_Base_Prospectus%2020200709.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2020 Conditions") 
set out at pages 172 to 330 
 
the following parts of the base prospectus dated 13 July 2021 relating to the Programme and available 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/content/dam/publicsite/pdf/documents-officiels/produits-
derives/BGL_2021_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_20210713.pdf: 
the terms and conditions under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (including the sections entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes", "Terms and 
set out at pages 180 to 339

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" and each of the 
Schedules thereto) (the "2021 Conditions") 
save that any statement contained in the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in this Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. 
Any non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to under (a) to (o) above (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference lists above) are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus (as previously supplemented from time to time) or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus (as previously supplemented from time to time). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will be available for viewing on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each Dealer such number of copies of any or all of the documents 
incorporated herein by reference as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
Euro and Luxembourg Notes 
Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system as may be approved by the Issuer and the Agent and/or specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Euro Notes 
The Euro Notes of each Tranche will either be Bearer Notes or Registered Notes. 
Euro Notes in Bearer Form 
Each Tranche of Euro Notes in bearer form will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a "Temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note") as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, which, in either case, will (where it is not intended to be issued 
in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be delivered on or prior 
to the issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and 
together with Euroclear, the "ICSDs") and/or a depositary for any other relevant clearing system and 
each Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as the case may be, which is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper for the 
ICSDs. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form would be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 would only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of such Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeepers for NGNs will be either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Euro Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Euro Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form 
to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons 
or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it 
has received) to the Agent.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which, in respect of each Tranche in respect of which a 
Temporary Global Note is issued, is 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Notes, interests in such 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same series or (b) for Definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described unless 
such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled 
to collect any payment of interest or principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date 
unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Global Note, if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
A Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) for Definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached either (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (i) only (a) upon the happening of any of the events defined in the Terms and Conditions as 
"Events of Default", (b) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so and no alternative 
clearing system is available, or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
to which the Issuer would not be subject were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in 
definitive form (each such event, an "Exchange Event") or (ii) if the Issuer so elects, at any time. The 
Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event 
occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) 
may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (c) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Agent. The physical delivery of Definitive Notes will not be possible in Belgium. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and Definitive Notes and the 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE". 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
So long as a Bearer Global Note is held by a common depositary for or on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or by one of them directly, the Notes which are represented by such Bearer 
Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Euro Notes in Registered Form 
Each Tranche of Euro Notes in registered form will be represented by a Global Certificate which may 
be issued under either the classic safekeeping structure ("CSS") or the new safekeeping structure 
("NSS"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Tranche of Euro Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate which are not intended to be issued under the NSS will be issued 
under the CSS, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on the relevant issue date 
with and will be registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a depositary for any other relevant clearing 
system as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer. Each Tranche of Euro Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate which are intended to be issued under the NSS, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited with and registered in the name of one of ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche.  
The ECB announced on 22 October 2008 that the NGN structure would be extended to securities in 
global registered form. This new holding structure was introduced on 30 June 2010 for international 
debt securities issued in global registered form and cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Since 1 October, 2010, new issues of debt securities in global registered form and 
cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, are only eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if they are issued under this new structure (known as the New Safekeeping 
Structure or NSS). 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NSS form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of such Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeepers for NSS will be either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes will be made by cheque or transfer to the person in whose 
name the relevant Note is registered at the close of business on the applicable Record Date.  The 
"Record Date" shall be: (a) in the case of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate, the 
first day on which each clearing system for which the relevant Global Certificate is being held, is open 
for business before the due date for such payment; and (b) in the case of Registered Notes represented 
by Individual Certificates, (i) in relation to a payment that is a payment of principal (other than 
instalments of principal prior to the final instalment), the third business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date such payment, and (ii) in relation to a payment that is a payment 
of interest or a payment of an instalment of principal (other than the final instalment), the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date for such payment, in 
both cases, as more particularly set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes" and "Terms 
and Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes".  Upon payment in full of the nominal amount of all 
Registered Notes represented thereby each Certificate must be surrendered to the specified office of 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agent and, in any event, will be deemed to have been cancelled. 
A Global Certificate will become exchangeable for Individual Certificates either (i) upon the 
happening of any of the events defined in the Terms and Conditions as "Events of Default", (ii) if 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business and does in fact do so and no alternative clearing system is available or 
(iii) if the Issuer so elects (each an "Exchange Event"). The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than five Business Days of the delivery 
to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver the relevant Individual 
Certificates upon presentation of the Global Certificates at the office of the Registrar. 
Any such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require 
in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
General 
Direct Rights in respect of Global Notes 
In the event that (a) following an Exchange Event, a Permanent Global Note is not duly exchanged for 
definitive Notes by the day described above or (b) a Global Note (or any part hereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the Conditions or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount due in respect thereof has not been made to the bearer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Global Note, then, from 8.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on (in the case of (a) 
above) the relevant day or (in the case of (b) above) such due date, holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, shall automatically acquire, under a deed of covenant 
dated 28 July 2022 executed by the Issuer (the "Deed of Covenant"), against the Issuer all those rights 
which such holders would have had if, immediately before the bearer ceased to have rights under the 
Global Note, they held and beneficially owned duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes (and 
any related receipts and coupons) in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the nominal amount of the 
Notes credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Direct Rights in respect of Global Certificates 
If: 
 
Following an Exchange Event, Individual Certificates have not been issued and delivered by 
the day provided above; or 
 
any of the Notes evidenced by the Global Certificate has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amounts due in respect thereof has not been made to the 
holder of the Global Certificate on the due date for payment in accordance with the terms of 
the Global Certificate, 
then, at 8.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such day (in the case of (a) above) or at 8.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) each person shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other relevant clearing system) as having interests 
in such Global Notes credited to their account with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, 
(each a "Relevant Account Holder") shall acquire the right ("Direct Rights") under the deed of 
covenant dated 28 July 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") of enforcement against the Issuer, to compel 
the Issuer to perform its obligations to the holder of the Global Certificate in respect of the Notes 
represented by the Global Certificate, including the obligation of the Issuer to make all payments when 
due at any time in respect of such Notes as if such Notes had been duly presented and (where required 
by the Conditions) surrendered on the due date in accordance with the Conditions. The Direct Rights 
shall be without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Certificate may have under the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Global Certificate or otherwise. Payment to the holder of the Global Certificate in respect of any Notes 
represented by the Global Certificate shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes and the Deed of Covenant to the extent of any such payment. 
Upon any exercise of Direct Rights by a Relevant Account Holder, such Relevant Account Holder 
shall, as soon as practicable, give notice of such exercise to the Noteholders in the manner provided 
for in the Conditions or the Global Certificate for notices to be given by the Issuer to Noteholders. 
Luxembourg Notes 
Each Tranche of Luxembourg Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note 
(a "Temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note") as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms, which, in either case, will (where it is not intended to be issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and each Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as the 
case may be, which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The NGN form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of Notes being issued and held in a 
manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. However in any particular case such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. 
Whilst any Luxembourg Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Luxembourg Notes due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note 
if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for re-sale to any U.S. person as required by U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which, in respect of each Tranche in respect of which a 
Temporary Global Note is issued, is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in 
such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same series upon presentation and (in the 
case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Agent or (b) 
for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest, coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject in the case of Definitive Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certificate has already been given, provided that purchasers 
in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Definitive Notes. The holder 
of any Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal or 
other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) or any other amount on a Permanent Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued

--- Page 76 ---
76 
in NGN form) to or to the order of the Agent without any requirement for certification. Unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached only in the 
limited circumstances described above in relation to a Permanent Global Note representing Euro 
Notes. The physical delivery of Definitive Notes will not be possible in Belgium. 
Under Luxembourg law, owners of interests in a Global Note governed by Luxembourg law will, 
subject to proof of ownership of such interest, be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer either 
individually or, following the appointment of a Noteholder's representative collectively through such 
representative, pursuant to articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act of 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and Definitive Notes and the 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE". 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of such Notes, receipts or interest coupons.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Non-
exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS –[Other than with respect 
to the jurisdiction(s) in which a key information document will be made available, ][T]/[t]he Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means (a) in the case of the EEA, a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, or (b) in the case of the UK, 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently [, save as provided above,]  no key information document 
required by (a) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA, or 
(b) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be. 
[MiFID II product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional 
clients [and retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment 
advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider/insert any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]].] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")][,] [and] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice,

--- Page 78 ---
78 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider/insert any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[The Base Prospectus expires on 29 July 2023 and the Issuer intends that an updated base 
prospectus will be approved and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation no 
later than such date.  The updated base prospectus will be available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html) as indicated below.]1 
FINAL TERMS dated [] 
BGL BNP PARIBAS 
Société anonyme 
50, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2951 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B.6481 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): UAIAINAJ28P30E5GWE37 
 
Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg, B6481 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
Issued pursuant to the Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
BGL BNP Paribas 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus (including any 
supplements thereto) is available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-
documents/produits-derives.html. [As the Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Bourse de Luxembourg, which is the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the 
"Luxembourg Regulated Market"), this Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.] [As the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels, which is the regulated market of Euronext Brussels the 
("Belgian Regulated Market"), this Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext 
Brussels (www.euronext.com) and on the website of the Issuer at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-
                                                     
1 
Include in respect of a Tranche of Notes for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus

--- Page 79 ---
79 
documents/produits-derives.html.] [As the Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Final Terms will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. N.B. when using this approved Base 
Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a previously approved Base Prospectus, the final terms in 
this Base Prospectus may take a different form to the final terms used for the original issue being 
tapped.  The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they 
would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include information which is no 
longer permitted in final terms.  Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need to 
include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus 
(incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [24 June 2013 [and the supplement to it dated 
9 October 2013]][24 June 2014] [24 June 2015] [22 June 2016] [20 June 2017] [20 June 2018 [and 
the supplement to it dated 02 November 2018]] [21 June 2019] [9 July 2020] [13 July 2021] which 
[are/is] incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2022. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
"Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Copies of such Base Prospectuses (including 
any supplements thereto) are available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). [As the Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Bourse 
de Luxembourg, which is the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the 
"Luxembourg Regulated Market")), this Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.] [As the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels, which is the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (the 
"Belgian Regulated Market")), this Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext 
Brussels (www.euronext.com) and on the website of the Issuer at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-
documents/produits-derives.html.] [As the Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), this Final Terms will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.] 
(The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of securities where the public offer 
spans an update to the Base Prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] approved and 
published on or before the date of these Final Terms] (copies of which are available as described 
below) (the "Original Base Prospectus"), notwithstanding the approval of an updated base prospectus 
which will replace the Original Base Prospectus (the "Updated Base Prospectus").  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and (i) prior to the publication of the Updated Base Prospectus, must be read 
in conjunction with the Original Base Prospectus as so supplemented and (ii) after the publication of 
the Updated Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the Updated Base Prospectus save in 
respect of the Conditions (which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus as so supplemented 
and which will be incorporated by reference into the Updated Base Prospectus) in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Original Base Prospectus as so supplemented constitutes, and the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Updated Base Prospectus will constitute, a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  [A summary is annexed to these Final Terms.]  Copies of the Original Base Prospectus 
is, and the Updated Base Prospectus will be, available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). [[As the Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Bourse de Luxembourg, which is the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the 
"Luxembourg Regulated Market")), t/T]his Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.] [[As the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels, which is the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (the 
"Belgian Regulated Market")), t/T]his Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext 
Brussels (www.euronext.com) and on the website of the Issuer at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-
documents/produits-derives.html] [As the Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), this Final Terms will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.] 
[Unless stated otherwise, include all the items listed in Part A – Contractual Terms of these Final 
Terms in connection with all Notes. References in the drafting notes to retail issues are to issues of 
Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or the equivalent in another currency) to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market and/or offered to the public and references to wholesale 
issues are to issues of Notes with a denomination of at least EUR100,000 (or the equivalent in another 
currency) to be admitted to trading on a regulated market.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can 
be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Whether the Notes are Euro Notes or 
Luxembourg Notes: 
[Euro Notes/Luxembourg Notes] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ]  
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ]  
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 33 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[     ] [(being the equivalent of [] Units)]  
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount /

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
[     ] per Note of Specified Denomination (if Trading 
in Units is applicable) [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. 
Where 
Bearer 
Notes 
and 
multiple 
denominations above "€100,000 or its equivalent in 
another currency are being used, the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
[     ] (The applicable Calculation Amount (which is 
used for the calculation of interest and redemption 
amounts) will be (a) if there is only one Specified 
Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Notes or (b) if there are several Specified 
Denominations, the highest common factor of those 
Specified Denominations (note: there must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations).) 
(c) 
[Trading in Units: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Trading in Units is specified as being Applicable 
then the Notes will be tradeable (only whilst such 
Notes are in global form and interests therein are 
reflected in the records of the relevant clearing 
systems) by reference to the number of Notes being 
traded (each having the Specified Denomination) as 
opposed to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
being traded. Trading in Units may only be specified 
as being Applicable if the Notes have a single 
Specified Denomination.)] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date][Interest Payment Date falling in 
month or nearest to [specify]][Subject to adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention][Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
[(NB: The Maturity Date may need to be not less 
than one year after the Issue Date)]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
[[     ]% Fixed Rate]  
 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA] [+/- [insert margin] per cent.]  
 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest] 
 
[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Index-Linked Interest] 
 
[Non-Interest Bearing] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[[100] [] per cent.] of its nominal amount]  
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Equity Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Instalment Note] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[The Interest Basis will change from [[     ]% Fixed 
Rate]/[[EURIBOR] [+/- [insert margin] per cent.] 
Floating Rate]/[Zero Coupon]/[Inflation Index-
Linked Interest]/[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Interest]/[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Interest]/[Equity 
Index-Linked 
Interest]/[Non-
Interest 
Bearing] 
to 
[[     ]% 
Fixed 
Rate]/[[EURIBOR] [+/- [insert margin] per cent.] 
Floating Rate]/[Zero Coupon]/[Inflation Index-
Linked Interest]/[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Interest]/[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Interest]/[Equity 
Index-Linked 
Interest]/[Non-
Interest Bearing] on [insert date.]] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating interest and/or redemption 
amounts due: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert name and address]  
14. 
Knock-in Event2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Conditions 4 and 7 shall apply.][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 6 shall 
apply.][Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 5 shall 
apply]] 
 
[If applicable: 
                                                     
2  
Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes and Equity Index-Linked Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range 
Level: 
[specify] 
[[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]]/[FX Knock-in Level: 
 
[Knock-in Average Value 
 
Knock-in Averaging Dates:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes)] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-in 
 
Knock-in Observation Date:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-in 
 
Resettable Knock-in Period:  [] 
 
Knock-in Observation Date(s):  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment: 
 
[+/-][]]][Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Convention:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Note Condition 6]] [Equity Index-
Linked 
Note 
Condition 
5 
shall 
apply][Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business 
Day] in the Knock-in Determination Period] 
(g) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(h) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Note Condition 6][Equity Index-Linked 
Note Condition 5]]]/[Valuation Time]/[Any time on 
a Knock-in Determination Day]/Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Knock-out Event3: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Conditions 4 and 7 shall apply.][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 6 shall 
apply.][Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 5 shall 
apply]] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out 
Level 
/Knock-out 
Range Level: 
[specify][[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]]/[FX Knock-out Level: 
 
[Knock-out Average Value 
 
Knock-out Averaging Dates:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes)] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-out 
 
Knock-out Observation Date:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-out 
 
Resettable Knock-out Period:  [] 
 
Knock-out Observation Date(s):  []  [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
                                                     
3  
Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes and Equity Index-Linked Notes.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Currency Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]]] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Note Condition 6 [Equity Index-Linked 
Note Condition 5]]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business 
Day] in the Knock-out Determination Period] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Note Condition 6]] [Any time on a 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
General Interest Provisions 
[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
[[Specified]4 Interest Payment 
Date(s)] [/Specified Period4]: 
[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (d) below] [for the 
purpose of payment only5] or [Not subject to adjustment 
as the Business Day Convention in (d) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business Centre(s) 
for the purpose of payment) 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual 
 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/ 
 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
 
[Actual/360]/ 
 
[30/360]/ 
 
[360/360]/ 
 
[Bond Basis]/ 
 
[30E/360]/ 
                                                     
4  
Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only. 
5  
Insert "for the purpose of payment only" if the accrual periods are not subject to adjustment in the same manner 
as the payment dates.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(A Business Day Convention must be applied when the 
floating rate is SONIA) 
(d) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Agent): 
[] 
(e) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(f) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(g) 
Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Additional Business Centre(s) 
[insert] [Not Applicable]  
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[If applicable: Payout Conditions [[1.1, 1.2, 1.6][2.1, 2.4, 
2.5, 2.6, 2.8], 3 and 4] apply.]  
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
[[Inflation 
Index/Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate/Underlying Interest Rate/Equity Index]-Linked 
Interest] 
 
[Fixed Income Interest Rates: 
 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1.1(a)):  
 
FI Upper Barrier Level: [[specify] per cent.] / [insert 
level] [specify for each Underlying Reference] 
 
[FI Lower Barrier Level: [[specify] per cent.] / [insert 
level] [specify for each Underlying Reference] 
 
FI Digital Coupon Condition: [greater than / less than / 
equal to or greater than / less than or equal to] [specify for 
each Underlying Reference] the FI Upper Barrier Level 
[[and/or] [greater than / less than / equal to or greater than 
/ less than or equal to] [specify for each Underlying 
Reference] the FI Lower Barrier Level] 
 
[Underlying Reference 2: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
Gearing A: 
[] per cent.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Global Cap A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant A:  
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing B:  
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant B: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate A: [Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
FI Rate B: [Rate/Inflation Rate] [FI Rate A and FI Rate 
B should either both specify Rate or both specify Inflation 
Rate] 
 
[Inflation Rate: [YoY Inflation Rate / Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
[Strike Date: []  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): [specify]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(b)): 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate: [Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
[Inflation 
Rate: 
[YoY 
Inflation 
Rate/Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up: [specify] per 
cent. [specify for each Underlying Reference] 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down: [specify] 
per cent. [specify for each Underlying Reference] 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition: [greater than / less 
than / equal to or greater than / less than or equal to] 
[specify for each Underlying Reference] the Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down [[and/or] [greater 
than / less than / equal to or greater than / less than or 
equal to] [specify for each Underlying Reference] the 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up] 
 
[Underlying Reference 2: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
Range Period: 
[specify] 
 
Range Accrual Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Business 
Day/Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Day/calendar 
day] 
 
Deemed 
Range 
Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Range Cut-off Date:  
[specify] 
 
Range Period End Date: []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): []] 
 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(c)): 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Margin: 
[specify] per cent. per annum. 
 
Local Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing: 
[specify] per cent. for Rate[(i)] 
(repeat for each Rate)

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
FI Rate: 
[Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
[Inflation Rate: 
[YoY 
Inflation 
Rate 
Cumulative Inflation Rate] 
 
Strike Date: []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): []] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1.1(d)): 
 
Coupon Percentage 1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Coupon Percentage 2:   
[] per cent. 
 
Cap:  
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
[FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify]] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates:   [specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price:  [[]/ 
 
[Initial 
Closing 
Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[] [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Initial 
Average 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period: 
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(e)): 
 
Digital 
Floor 
Percentage 1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital 
Floor 
Percentage 2: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value:  
[Performance 
Value/Worst 
Value/Best 
Value/Multi-
Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket Value] 
 
Performance Value: 
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify 
percentage 
per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Floor Level: 
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
[FX Digital 
Average Value: 
 
 
FX Averaging 
Dates: 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment: 
[+/-][]]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
 
 
Resettable 
Period: 
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-] []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Averaging 
Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date:   
[] [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(f)): 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
1:   
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
2:   
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value:   
[Performance 
Value/Worst 
Value/Best 
Value/Multi-
Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify 
percentage 
per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Cap Level: 
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value: 
 
 
FX Averaging 
Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
 
 
Resettable 
Period:   
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment: 
[+/-] []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Initial Settlement Price:  [[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date:   
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] ]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[FI Target Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1.1(g)) 
 
Target 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Target 
Determination 
Date: 
[specify]] 
 
[FI FX Vanilla coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(h)): 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Dates:   
[specify] 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period: 
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Plus Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(i)): 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
2: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value: 
[Performance 
Value/Worst 
Value/Best 
Value/Multi-
Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify 
percentage 
per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Plus Level:   
[[]/

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX Averaging 
Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single Resettable 
Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Resettable 
Period:   
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-] []]]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date:   
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[Rate: 
 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate]] 
 
 
[SPS Variable Amount Coupon applicable (see 
Payout Condition 2.1(a)): 
 
Rate(i): 
[Vanilla Call Rate][Vanilla 
Call Spread Rate]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Coupon Value(i): 
[specify in each case in 
respect of (i) of this section 
where different] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
Spread(i): 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant Percentage(i): 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing(i): 
[] per cent. 
 
[Floor Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.] 
 
[Cap Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.] 
 
SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
 
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences; 
[Omission/ 
Postponement/ 
Modified Postponement] 
 
Underlying Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
[Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable]]] 
17. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (a) to (c) for each such rate and, if FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the Rate 
which is FI Rate A and the Rate which is FI Rate B) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent.  
 
[per annum/per Specified Denomination] 
 
[payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. Also consider whether  EURIBOR is 
the appropriate reference rate for Notes denominated in 
euro) 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (a) to (e) for each such rate and, if FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the Rate 
which is FI Rate A and the Rate which is FI Rate B) 
(a) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable: [IBOR]/[SONIA]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[     ] month] [EURIBOR/SONIA] 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(Second TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR 
 
[[] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] (Include where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA) 
 
(Indicate Interest Determination Date and specify if the 
calculation is to be made at the beginning/end of the 
period.) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
Specified Time 
11.00 am [London/Brussels] time 
 
(Insert Brussels for EURIBOR) 
 
[Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out] 
 
Lookback Period: 
[[specify] 
London 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA and ensure 
that any Early Redemption Amounts include amounts in 
respect of accrued interest) 
(c) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] – (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
(in the case of EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period) 
 
(NB: The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time.) 
(d) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [     ] per cent. [per annum] /Not Applicable] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Condition [7.6 (Euro Notes)] applies [6.6 (Luxembourg 
Notes)] applies]  
 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. dollar 
denominated) 
20. 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (j) for each such Inflation Rate and, if 
FI Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the 
Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and the Inflation Rate 
which is FI Rate B and the Inflation Index which is 
Underlying Reference 1 and the Inflation Index which is 
Underlying Reference 2).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Schedule 
2 to of the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
Index: 
[] 
 
[Composite/Non-composite] 
(b) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[] 
(c) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[] / [Fallback Bond] 
(e) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(h) 
Related 
Bond 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(j) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
Trade Date: 
[] 
21. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
[The Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions at Schedule 3 to the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
The relevant base currency (the 
"Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies/ 
([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Disruption Event: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[five] 
 
(If no specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five)

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(f) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protection Termination Amount: [Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(i) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[]  [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding Currency 
Convention]] 
(j) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[] [Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention]] 
(k) 
Strike Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention]] 
(l) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
22. 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (a) to (g) below for each such 
Underlying Interest Rate and, if FI Digital Coupon is 
applicable, distinguish between the Underlying Interest 
Rate which is FI Rate A and the Underlying Interest Rate 
which is FI Rate B and the Underlying Interest Rate 
which is Underlying Reference 1 and the Underlying 
Interest Rate which is Underlying Reference 2) 
 
[The Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions at 
Schedule 4 to the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate1:")

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(b) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this sub-paragraph) 
 
Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
[EURIBOR or other] 
 
Specified Time 
(Underlying): 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this sub-paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
(e) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-[]] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate2:" and repeat items (b) to (g)). 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.)

--- Page 104 ---
104 
23. 
Equity Index-Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Equity Index: 
[] 
 
[The [] Index is a [Composite] Index.] 
(b) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Screen Page: 
[] 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] [the 
provisions of Schedule 5] will apply. 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
(e) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Observation Date(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
[the provisions of Schedule 5] will apply.] 
(g) 
Observation Period 
[specify/Not Applicable]] 
(h) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Equity Index Linked Note Condition 7]/[specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days] 
(i) 
Exchange Business Day: 
Single Index Basis 
(j) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
Single Index Basis 
(k) 
Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor: 
(i) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [].

--- Page 105 ---
105 
(l) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify/[All Exchanges]] 
(m) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[[], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for 
the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
is specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
(n) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Equity Index Linked Note Condition 7/specify] 
(o) 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(i) 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
Trade Date: [] 
 
(ii) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrower 
is applicable)] 
 
(iii) 
[([The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(iv) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable /Not 
Applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(p) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[eight]: 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight)

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(q) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
24. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
(Applicable for Euro Notes) Condition 
6.2 (Applicable for Luxembourg Notes) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons): 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[[] days/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.] 
25. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
[Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and Agents.] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Minimum 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions):

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(i) 
Maximum period: 
[] days 
(ii) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example 
as between the Issuer and the Agent] 
26. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
[Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and Agents.] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
 
(i) 
Maximum period: 
[] days 
(ii) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example as between the Issuer and the Agent] 
27. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Calculation Amount x Final Redemption Percentage] 
[Final Payout] per Calculation Amount 
Where the Final Redemption Amount is linked to the 
exercise price or the final reference price of an 
underlying, give details of the exercise price or final 
reference price.) 
[Final Redemption Percentage: 
[] per cent.]  
[Final Payout:] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
[If applicable: Payout Conditions [[1.3, 1.6][2.2, 2.5, 2.6, 
2.8], 3 and 4] apply.] 
 
[FI FX Vanilla Notes (see Payout Condition 1.3(i)): 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value: 
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI 
Redemption 
Valuation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period: 
[]] 
 
FI 
Constant 
Percentage 1 
[] per cent.]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
[FI Inflation Notes (see Payout Condition 1.3(ii): 
 
FI 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Notes (see Payout Condition 2.2(a)(i)): 
 
Gearing(i): 
[] per cent. (specify in each 
case in respect of (i) in this 
section where different) 
 
Floor Percentage(i): 
[] per cent. 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value:  
[Specify] 
 
Strike Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Period: 
[] 
 
Underlying Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes (see Payout 
Condition 2.2(b)(i): 
 
Gearing Up: 
[] per cent. 
 
Option Up: 
[Up Call][Up Put] 
 
Up Final 
Redemption Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Up Strike 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Up Floor 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Gearing Down: 
[] per cent. 
 
Option Down: 
[Down Call][Down Put] 
 
Down Final 
Redemption Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Down Strike 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Down Floor 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value:  
[specify] 
 
Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Period: 
[] 
 
Underlying Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[SPS Securizer Notes (see Payout Condition 2.2(c)(i)): 
 
SPS Lock-in Condition: 
["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less 
than or equal to"] 
 
SPS Lock-in Level: 
[] 
 
SPS 
Lower 
Lock-in 
Level: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
SPS Lock-in Value: 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Closing 
Price 
Value 
/ 
Underlying 
Reference 
Intraday Price Value] 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value: 
[Specify]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Constant Percentage 1 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant Percentage 2 
[] per cent. 
 
SPS Lock-in Valuation 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
SPS Lock-in Valuation 
Period: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Underlying Reference 
Strike Price: 
[Specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
[Strike Date: 
[Specify][Not Applicable]] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[SPS Capped Twin Win Notes (see Payout Condition 
2.2(c)(ii)): 
 
SPS Twin Win Upper 
Barrier Level: 
[] 
 
SPS Twin Win Lower 
Barrier Level: 
[] 
 
SPS Twin Win Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value:  
[Specify] 
 
Strike Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Underlying Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[SPS Athena Notes (see Payout Condition 2.2(c)(iii)):

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
SPS 
Athena 
Barrier 
Level: 
[] 
 
SPS 
Athena 
Barrier 
Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value:  
[Specify] 
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Underlying Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
28. 
Automatic Early Redemption6: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert if applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 5 applies.][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 7 applies.][Equity Index-
Linked Note Condition 6 applies.] 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 5] [Target Automatic Early Redemption] [FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon 
Automatic Early Redemption] [Standard Automatic 
Early Redemption: "greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] [SPS AER 
Valuation - [Applicable] [Not Applicable]: "greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or 
equal to"] 
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption (see Payout 
Condition 1.4(a)): 
 
Final 
Interest 
Rate: 
[Capped 
and 
Guaranteed 
Applicable][Capped 
and 
Guaranteed 
Not 
Applicable][Capped Only][Guaranteed Only]] 
                                                     
6  
Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes and Equity Index-Linked Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
[[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption (see 
Payout Condition 1.4(b)): 
 
Accrual 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption (see Payout 
Condition 1.4(c): 
 
Coupon Cap: [] per cent.] 
 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout (see Payout 
Condition 2.3: 
 
AER Rate: [] (specify in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date/Period where different rates apply)] 
 
[Not Applicable: Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 6 
applies] 
(d) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level: 
[Not Applicable][specify] 
[specify] (in respect of each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date where different levels apply) 
(f) 
[Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage/AER Redemption 
Percentage]: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Down: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation [Date(s)/Period]: 
[specify] 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period]: 
 
[specify]] 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period]: 
 
[specify]] 
(For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is the 
interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days prior to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date) 
(j) 
Elections in respect of SPS 
AER Valuation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [only] [and/or] 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 2]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
‒ 
AER 
Event 
1 
Underlying(s): 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
‒ 
AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level 1: 
[Specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date where different levels apply) 
‒ 
AER 
Event 
2 
Underlying(s): 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
‒ 
AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
29. 
Inflation Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Schedule 
2 to of the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
[Composite/Non-composite] 
(b) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [if applicable, specify: [] / 
[Fallback Bond]] 
(d) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(g) 
Related 
Bond 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(i) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruptions Events 
apply to the Notes:]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
(j) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
30. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[The Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions at Schedule 3 to the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The relevant base currency (the 
"Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(c) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Disruption Event: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
(g) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify]  [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention]] 
(i) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protection 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(j) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  [Currency Convention:  [As 
per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention]] 
(k) 
Strike Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  [Currency Convention:  [As 
per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention]]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(l) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
31. 
Equity Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Equity Index/Basket of Equity 
Indices: 
[] 
 
[The [] Index is a Composite Index.]7 
(b) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per the Conditions][specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
(e) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
(f) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date,[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
[the provisions of Schedule 5] will apply.] 
(h) 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not Applicable]] 
                                                     
7  
Specify each Composite Index (if any).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(i) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
(j) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(k) 
Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor: 
(i) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [] 
(l) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
(m) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Equity Index Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices) 
(n) 
Valuation Time: 
[As per the Conditions]/[] being the time specified on 
the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or Observation 
Date as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be as per the Conditions) 
(o) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Equity Index Linked Note Condition 7/[specify]] 
(p) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
(i) 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
Trade Date: [] 
 
(ii) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
(iii) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] is 
[].]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(iv) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(q) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[eight]  
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
(r) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
32. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(a) 
Early redemption for taxation 
reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As per Condition 7.2 for 
Euro Notes and Condition 6.2 for Luxembourg Notes] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph and insert "do not apply" in paragraph 
39) 
[Early Redemption Amount 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption: 
[100][] per cent. of its nominal amount][Market Value 
less Costs] [Not Applicable] 
Minimum Notice Period: [insert period] 
 
 
Maximum 
Notice 
Period: 
[[insert 
period]/Not 
Applicable]] 
(b) 
Early redemption on event of 
default: 
 
[Early Redemption Amount 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption: 
[100][] per cent. of its nominal amount][Market Value 
less Costs]]  
(c) 
Early redemption for illegality: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Early Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount payable 
on redemption: 
[100][] per cent. of its nominal amount][Market Value 
less Costs] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
33. 
(a) 
If Euro Notes whether the 
Notes are Bearer Notes or 
Registered Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
(b) 
Form of the Notes: 
[Bearer Notes 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[at any time/only upon an Exchange Event].] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date.] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at any time/only upon an Exchange Event.]] 
(N.B. the exchange at any time option should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€][1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Permanent Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
 
[Registered Notes 
 
[Regulation S Global Certificate (US$/€ [   ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
34. 
[New Global Note][delete if Registered 
Notes][/][Issued 
under 
the 
new 
safekeeping structure][delete if Bearer 
Notes]: 
[Yes/No] 
[If "No" is specified, ensure that "Not Applicable" is 
specified for Eurosystem eligibility in the relevant 
paragraph of section 10 of Part B of these Final Terms, 
and if "Yes" is specified, ensure that the appropriate 
specification is made thereto in respect of Eurosystem 
eligibility.] 
35. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] (Note that this item relates 
to the date of payment, and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
Interest, to which item 17 (j) relates)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
36. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No.] 
37. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
38. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition [4 [if Euro 
Notes]]/[3 [If Luxembourg Notes] apply] 
39. 
Taxation: 
The provisions in Condition [8 [if Euro Notes]]/[7 [If 
Luxembourg Notes]] [do not] apply 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[        ] has been extracted from [        ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ..........................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
121 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange][Euronext Brussels][None]  
(b) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [will be made][has been made] by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading 
on the [[professional segment of the] Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]] [admitted to 
trading on Euronext Brussels] [admitted to trading on 
[Specify relevant regulated market, third country market 
or MTF.]] [with effect from []].] 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(Indicate the market on which securities of the same class 
are already admitted to trading or where application to 
trade has been made simultaneously.) 
(c) 
[Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading:]* 
[]* 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated/ The Programme under which the 
Notes will be issued has been rated: 
 
[S & P: []] 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
[Fitch: []]] 
 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating] 
 
[For the purpose of the foregoing, each of Moody's 
France S.A.S. ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch") are established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation")] as set out within the list of registered

--- Page 122 ---
122 
CRAs dated [24 March 2022 / insert date of latest update] 
by 
ESMA 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).]  
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
Notes and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not Applicable/ The CSSF [has been requested to provide/has provided] (include first alternative 
for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and the 
second alternative for subsequent issues) the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and the 
Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des services et marchés financiers 
(FSMA) with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers] so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, 
including conflicting interests. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
[Reasons for the offer 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details)] 
(b) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(c) 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[]. (Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended "use" and presented in order of 
priority of such "uses".**) 
6. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)  
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes 
only)**  
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA] can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].]  
8. 
[(Inflation Index-Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes) and Equity Index-
Linked Notes) – PERFORMANCE OF [INFLATION INDEX/FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE/EQUITY INDEX] – EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING REFERENCE 
[The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] (including 
information about corporate actions or other events affecting the underlying and adjustments or 
substitutions to the underlying resulting therefrom), except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations] 
(a) 
[Information 
on 
past 
and 
further performance of the 
[inflation 
index/foreign 
exchange 
rate/interest 
rate/equity 
index] 
and 
its 
volatility:] 
[Indicate where such information can be obtained.]  
(b) 
[Example of how the value of 
the investment is affected by 
the value of the underlying:] 
[example(s)]  
(c) 
[Name 
of 
[inflation 
index/foreign 
exchange 
rate/equity index]:] 
[specify]  
(d) 
[Information 
on 
[inflation 
index/foreign 
exchange 
rate/equity index]:] 
[specify]  
(e) 
[Description of the interest 
rate:] 
[specify]  
(f) 
[The underlying is a basket of 
underlyings:] 
[disclosure of relevant weightings of each underlying in 
the basket] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
)

--- Page 124 ---
124 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses]** of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments]**: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments]**] (Include names and 
addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers.)**  
(c) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement:]** 
[]** 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]** of relevant Dealer: 
[Name [and address]**] 
(f) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession:** 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount]** 
(g) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA 
C rules applicable or TEFRA 
rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(h) 
Additional 
U.S. 
Federal 
Income Tax Considerations:  
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for the purpose of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986. [Additional information regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available at [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact]. [The Issuer 
will arrange for withholding under Section 871(m) to be 
imposed on any dividend equivalent payment at a rate of 
30 per cent.]] 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that they 
will [not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only subject to change and if 
the Issuer's final determination is different then it will 
give notice of such determination. Please contact [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
to the Notes.] 
(The Notes will not be Specified Notes if they (i) are 
issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not "delta-one" 
for tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity 
or any index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or an index

--- Page 125 ---
125 
that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities and 
(i) are issued prior to 1 January, 2023 and provide a 
return that does not differ significantly from the return on 
an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or 
after 1 January 2023, further analysis would be 
required.) 
[Payments on the Specified Notes are calculated by 
reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Note, the parties agree that in 
calculating the relevant payment amount the Issuer has 
withheld, and the purchaser is deemed to have received 
30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as 
defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the 
relevant [U.S. securities/U.S. dividend paying index 
components]. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld.] 
[For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the dividends 
paid by an issuer of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S. 
federal withholding tax.] 
[For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net 
total return of the U.S. source dividend paying 
components, as calculated by the Index Sponsor, of an 
index that reinvests U.S. source dividends paid by an 
issuer of a security that is a component of the index net 
of 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on such U.S. source 
dividends.]] 
(i) 
Non-exempt Offer where there 
is no exemption from the 
obligation 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
to 
publish a Prospectus: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the remaining placeholders of this paragraph (i) and also 
paragraph 11 below)  
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[Specify Member State(s) where the Issuer intends to 
make Non-exempt Offers (from amongst France, Belgium 
or Luxembourg, or any other jurisdiction from time to 
time), which must therefore be jurisdictions where the 
Base Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)] 
Offer Period 
[specify period] (the  
"Offer Period"). 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to use 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]  
Other 
Authorised 
Offeror 
Terms: 
[Not Applicable]][Add here any other Authorised Offeror 
Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included here 
where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a Non-
exempt Offer in relevant jurisdictions.  No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met.  Non-exempt Offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
(j) 
Name and address of entities 
which have a firm commitment 
to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading**: 
[specify][Not Applicable]  
(k) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
and UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the EEA 
or the UK and as a result no key information document is 
required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be) 
[Applicable other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a 
key information document will be made available] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors, except in the 
jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will 
be made available) 
 
[Not applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to retail investors and either (i) a key 
information document is not required pursuant to the 
PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation or (ii) 
the Notes will only be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to retail investors in the jurisdiction(s) where a 
key information document will be made available) 
(l) 
[EU Benchmark Regulation 
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[insert 
name[s] 
of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert

--- Page 127 ---
127 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one specify 
in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of 
the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the "BMR")].  [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert 
name of the benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, 
such that the administrator is not currently required to 
obtain [authorisation/registration/[if located outside the 
European 
Union: 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence]]]. (repeat as necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(c) 
CFI 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(d) 
FISN 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]  
 
[[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
[Note that the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee 
of 
one 
of Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper,][include this 
text for registered notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] [include appropriate option if issued in 
NGN (in the case of bearer notes) or NSS form (in the 
case of registered form)] 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ (give name(s), address and number(s)]  
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any) and/or any alternative 
Registrar: 
[] 
(i) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 14.1(a) (in the 
case of Euro Notes)/13.1 (in 
the 
case 
of 
Luxembourg 
Notes): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on the 
[second] [business] day after the day on which it was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
11. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER 
 
 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 9(i) above is 
specified to be not applicable because there is no Non-
exempt Offer)  
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [Not Applicable] [specify] 
(b) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(c) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(d) 
Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding amounts 
paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(e) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(f) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(g) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made to the public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(h) 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(i) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(j) 
Process 
for 
notifying 
applicants 
of 
the 
amount 
allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(k) 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II/UK MiFIR and/or 
PRIIPs/UK PRIIPs Regulation such that it is required to 
disclose information relating to costs and charges, also 
include that information.) 
(l) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of 
the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 9 above 
and identifiable from the Base Prospectus/ None/give 
details] 
(m) 
Name and address of the 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms 
of their commitment: 
[None/give details]] 
(Insert name of relevant EEA regulated market having a 
market maker requirement.])

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 ______  
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is less than €100,000 
**  
Delete if the minimum denomination is €100,000 or greater

--- Page 131 ---
131 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted in the case of Notes issued with a minimum denomination 
of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Exempt Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS –[Other than with respect 
to the jurisdiction(s) in which a key information document will be made available, ][T]/[t]he Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means (a) in the case of the EEA, a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, or (b) in the case 
of the UK, (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently [, save as provided above,]  no key information document 
required by (a) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA, or (b) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be. 
[MiFID II product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional 
clients [and retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment 
advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider/insert any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]].] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")][,] [and] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR");

--- Page 133 ---
133 
[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider/insert any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT dated [] 
BGL BNP PARIBAS 
Société anonyme 
50, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2951 Luxembourg 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): UAIAINAJ28P30E5GWE37 
 
Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg, B6481 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] issued 
pursuant to the Euro Medium Term Note Programme of BGL BNP Paribas 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to [either of] 
[Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] [Section 85 of the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of] [Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] [Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation], in each case, in relation to such offer. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2022 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date(s)]] (the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented. The Base Prospectus (including any supplements thereto) 
will be published on the website of the Issuer at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-
derives.html. [As the Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Pricing Supplement will be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.] 
[Unless stated otherwise, include all the items listed in Part A – Contractual Terms of this Pricing 
Supplement in connection with all Notes.]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
BGL BNP Paribas ("BGL") 
(b) 
Whether the Notes are Euro 
Notes or Luxembourg Notes: 
Euro Notes/Luxembourg Notes 
(c) 
Specified 
Branch 
(if 
any) 
through which the Notes are 
being issued: 
[     ] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
36 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[     ] [(being the equivalent of [] Units)] 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount / 
 
[     ] per Note of Specified Denomination (if Trading in 
Units is applicable) [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
[     ] 
[The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used for the 
calculation of interest and redemption amounts) will be (a) 
if there is only one Specified Denomination, the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Notes or (b) if there are 
several Specified Denominations, the highest common 
factor of those Specified Denominations (note: there must 
be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations).] 
(c) 
[Trading in Units: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Trading in Units is specified as being Applicable then 
the Notes will be tradeable (only whilst such Notes are in

--- Page 135 ---
135 
global form and interests therein are reflected in the 
records of the relevant clearing systems) by reference to 
the number of Notes being traded (each having the 
Specified Denomination) as opposed to the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes being traded. [Trading in Units 
may only be specified as being Applicable if the Notes have 
a single Specified Denomination.]] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date): 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes/Variable 
Redemption Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in the 
relevant month and year] [Subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [name of applicable Business Day 
Convention.] 
 
[(NB: The Maturity Date may need to be not less than one 
year after the Issue Date)] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[[     ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [     ] % Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest] 
 
[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Index-Linked Interest] 
 
[Variable Interest Rate] 
 
[Non-Interest Bearing] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[[100] [] per cent.] of its nominal amount] 
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Equity Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
[specify other] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of Notes 
into another interest or redemption/payment basis] [Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
13. 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating interest and/or redemption 
amounts due: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert name and address] 
14. 
Knock-in Event1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions 4 and 7 shall apply.][Underlying Interest Rate-
Linked Note Condition 6 shall apply.][Equity Index-
Linked Note Condition 5 shall apply.]]] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Knock-in 
Level/Knock-in 
Range Level: 
[specify]/[[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]]/[FX Knock-in Level: 
 
[[Knock-in Average Value 
 
Knock-in Averaging Dates:  []  [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-in 
 
Knock-in Observation Date:  []  [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-in 
 
Resettable Knock-in Period:  [] 
 
Knock-in Observation Date(s):  []  [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]]][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
1  
Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes and Equity Index-Linked Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
(e) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6]][Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 
5][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business Day] in 
the Knock-in Determination Period] 
(g) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6][Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 
5]]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Any 
time 
on 
a 
Knock-in 
Determination Day]/Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Knock-out Event2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions 4 and 7 shall apply.][Underlying Interest Rate-
Linked Note Condition 6 shall apply.]][Equity Index-
Linked Note Condition 5 shall apply] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Level /Knock-out 
Range Level: 
[specify] 
[[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]]/[FX Knock-out Level: 
 
[[Knock-out Average Value 
 
Knock-out Averaging Dates:  []  [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-out 
 
Knock-out Observation Date:  []  [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes)] 
                                                     
2  
Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes and Equity Index-Linked Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-out 
 
Resettable Knock-out Period:  [] 
 
Knock-out Observation Date(s):  []  [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]]] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6]][Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 
5]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business Day] in 
the Knock-out Determination Period] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: [specify] 
(g) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 4][Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6]][Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 
5] 
[Any 
time 
on 
a 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day]/[Valuation Time]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
General Interest Provisions 
[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
[[Specified]3Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)][/Specified Period]3: 
[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention as set out in (d) below] [for the 
purpose of payment only4] or [Not subject to adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in (d) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business Centre(s) 
for the purpose of payment) 
                                                     
3  
Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only. 
4  
Insert "for the purpose of payment only" if the accrual periods are not subject to adjustment in the same manner 
as the payment dates.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/36
0]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]] 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(A Business Day Convention must be applied when the 
floating rate is SONIA) 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[]  
(e) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(f) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(g) 
Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Additional Business Centre(s) 
[insert] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[If applicable: Payout Conditions [[1.1, 1.2, 1.6][2.1, 2.4, 
2.5, 2.6, 2.8], 3 and 4] apply.]  
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
[[Inflation Index/Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate/Underlying 
Interest Rate/Equity Index]-Linked Interest] 
 
[Fixed Income Interest Rates: 
 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1.1(a)): 
 
FI Upper Barrier Level: [[specify] per cent.] / 
[insert level] [specify for each Underlying 
Reference] 
 
[FI 
Lower 
Barrier 
Level: 
[[specify] 
per 
cent.]/[insert level] [specify for each Underlying 
Reference] 
 
FI Digital Coupon Condition:  
[greater than / less than / equal to or greater than / 
less than or equal to] [specify for each Underlying 
Reference] the FI Upper Barrier Level [[and/or] 
[greater than / less than / equal to or greater than /

--- Page 140 ---
140 
less than or equal to] [specify for each Underlying 
Reference] the FI Lower Barrier Level] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
2: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Gearing A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant B: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate A: [Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
FI Rate B: [Rate/Inflation Rate] [FI Rate A and FI 
Rate B should either both specify Rate or both 
specify Inflation Rate] 
 
[Inflation Rate: [YoY Inflation Rate / Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
[Strike Date: []  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 7]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Interest Notes)]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): [specify]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(b)): 
 
Gearing:  
[] per cent. 
 
Global Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate:  [Rate/Inflation Rate]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
[Inflation Rate:  [YoY Inflation Rate/Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
Strike Date:  []  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 7]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up: 
[specify] per cent. [specify for each Underlying 
Reference] 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down: 
[specify] per cent.] [specify for each Underlying 
Reference] 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition: [greater than / 
less than / equal to or greater than / less than or 
equal to] [specify for each Underlying Reference] 
the Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 
[[and/or] [greater than / less than / equal to or 
greater than / less than or equal to] [specify for 
each Underlying Reference] the Range Accrual 
Coupon Barrier Level Up] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
2: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Range Period: 
[specify] 
 
Range Accrual Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Business 
Day/Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Day/calendar day] 
 
Deemed Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Range Cut-off Date:  [specify]] 
 
Range Period End Date: []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[]] 
 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(c)): 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Floor: 
[] per cent.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Global Margin: 
[specify] per cent. per annum. 
 
Gearing: 
[specify] per cent. for Rate[(i)] (repeat for 
each Rate) 
 
FI Rate: 
[Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
[Inflation Rate: 
[YoY Inflation Rate/Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
Strike Date:  []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s):  []] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1.1(d)): 
 
Coupon Percentage 1:   
[] per cent. 
 
Coupon Percentage 2:   
[] per cent. 
 
Cap:   
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
[FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify]] 
 
[Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates:   [specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
Initial Settlement Price:  [] 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date:   
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(e): 
 
Digital Floor Percentage 
1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Floor Percentage 
2: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value:   
[Performance 
Value/Worst 
Value/Best 
Value/Multi-
Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify 
percentage 
per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Floor Level:   
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
  
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value:  
 
 
FX 
Averaging 
Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single 
Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment: 
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
  
 
Resettable 
Period: 
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-] []] 
 
FI 
Interest 
Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
Strike Date:   
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
 []]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(f)): 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
1:   
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
2:   
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value:   
[Performance 
Value/Worst 
Value/Best 
Value/Multi-
Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify 
percentage 
per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Cap Level: 
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value: 
 
 
FX 
Averaging 
Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
[Single 
Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
 
 
Resettable 
Period:   
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment: 
[+/-][]] 
 
FI 
Interest 
Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date:   
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
Averaging Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[FI Target Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1.1(g)) 
 
Target 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Target 
Determination 
Date: 
[specify]] 
 
[FI FX Vanilla Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(h)): 
 
Gearing:   
[] per cent. 
 
Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI 
Interest 
Valuation 
Dates:   
[specify] 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period: 
 []]] 
 
[FI Digital Plus Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1.1(i)): 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
2: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value: 
[Performance 
Value/Worst 
Value/Best 
Value/Multi-
Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify 
percentage 
per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Plus Level:   
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX 
Averaging 
Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single 
Resettable 
Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
Resettable 
Period:   
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-] []] 
 
FI 
Interest 
Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date:   
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
 []]] 
 
[Rate: 
 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate]] 
 
 
[SPS Variable Amount Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 2.1(a)): 
 
Rate(i): 
[Vanilla 
Call 
Rate][Vanilla 
Call Spread Rate] 
 
Coupon Value(i): 
[specify (in each case in respect 
if (i) in this section where 
different)] 
 
Spread(i): 
[] per cent.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
Constant Percentage(i): 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing(i): 
[] per cent. 
 
[Floor Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.] 
 
[Cap Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.] 
 
SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
 
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences; 
[Omission/ 
Postponement/ 
Modified Postponement] 
 
Underlying 
Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
[Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable]]] 
17. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (a) to (d) for each such rate and, if FI Digital Coupon 
is applicable, distinguish between the Rate which is FI 
Rate A and the Rate which is FI Rate B) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. 
 
[per annum/per Specified Denomination] 
 
[payable [annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[Not Applicable/other (give details. For example, if the 
Fixed Interest Period(s) shall be adjusted/unadjusted; 
Additional Business Centre, if relevant)] 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. Also consider whether EURIBOR is the 
appropriate reference rate for Notes denominated in euro) 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (a) to (e) for each such rate and, if FI Digital Coupon 
is applicable, distinguish between the Rate which is FI 
Rate A and the Rate which is FI Rate B) 
(a) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/other 
(give details)] 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable: [IBOR]/[SONIA]]/Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
‒ 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/or other Reference Rate] 
‒ 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(Second TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
[[] London Business Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] (Include where the floating rate is SONIA) 
 
(Indicate Interest Determination Date and specify if the 
calculation is to be made at the beginning/end of the 
period.) 
‒ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
‒ 
Specified Time: 
[     ] 
‒ 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[     ] 
‒ 
[Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average] 
‒ 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out] 
‒ 
Lookback Period: 
[[specify] 
London 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA and ensure 
that any Early Redemption Amounts include amounts in 
respect of accrued interest) 
(c) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
‒ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
‒ 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
‒ 
Reset Date: 
[     ]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option.  The first day of 
the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
(d) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [     ] per cent. [per annum] /Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which 
are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[     ] 
(Give details. For example, if the Interest Period(s) shall 
be adjusted/unadjusted) 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount Payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Condition [7.6 (Euro Notes)] applies [6.6 (Luxembourg 
Notes)] applies/[specify other]] 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. dollar 
denominated) 
20. 
Variable 
Interest 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Shares 
/formula/other 
variable: 
[give or annex details] 
 
(NB No conditions or disclosure contained in Base 
Prospectus for, inter alia, share or index linked Notes) 
(b) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
coupon where calculated by 
reference 
to 
Index/Shares/formula 
and/or 
other variable: 
[     ]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
(c) 
Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index/Shares/formula 
and/or 
other variable is impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted: 
[     ] 
(e) 
Interest or Calculation Period(s) 
/Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[     ] 
(f) 
Description of any Market 
Disruption 
or 
Settlement 
Disruption Events that affect the 
underlying: 
[     ] 
21. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
any, 
responsible for calculating the 
principal and/or interest due: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
 
(d) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[     ] 
22. 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (a) to (j) for each such Inflation Rate and, if FI 
Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the 
Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and the Inflation Rate 
which is FI Rate B and the Inflation Index which is 
Underlying Reference 1 and the Inflation Index which is 
Underlying Reference 2). 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Schedule 
2 of the Conditions apply.]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(a) 
Index: 
[] [Composite/Non-composite] 
(b) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[] 
(c) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[] / [Fallback Bond] 
(e) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(h) 
Related 
Bond 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(j) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(k) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
23. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Conditions at Schedule 3 of the Conditions apply.]  
(a) 
The relevant base currency (the 
"Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies/ 
([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Disruption Event: 
[specify any additional Disruption Events] 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[five] 
 
(If no specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five)

--- Page 156 ---
156 
(f) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protection Termination Amount: [Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(i) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[]  [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified Following 
Currency Convention]/[Preceding Currency Convention] 
(j) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[] [Not Applicable]  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] 
(k) 
Strike Date: 
[] [Not Applicable]  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] 
(l) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
24. 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (a) to (g) below for each such 
Underlying Interest Rate and, if FI Digital Coupon is 
applicable, distinguish between the Underlying Interest 
Rate which is FI Rate A and the Underlying Interest Rate 
which is FI Rate B and the Underlying Interest Rate which 
is Underlying Reference 1 and the Underlying Interest 
Rate which is Underlying Reference 2) 
 
[The Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions at 
Schedule 4 of the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate1:")

--- Page 157 ---
157 
(b) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
[EURIBOR or other] 
 
Specified 
Time 
(Underlying): 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option. The first day of the 
Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
(e) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate2:" and repeat items (b) to (g)). 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
25. 
Equity Index-Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Equity Index/Basket of Equity 
Indices: 
[] 
 
[The [] Index is a [Composite] Index.]5 
(b) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Screen Page: 
[] 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] [the 
provisions of Schedule 5] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
(e) 
Strike Date: 
[] 
(f) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(g) 
Observation Date(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
[the provisions of Schedule 5] will apply.] 
(h) 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not Applicable]] 
(i) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Equity Index Linked Note Condition 7]/[specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days] 
(j) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (standard election is All Indices Basis) 
(k) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
                                                     
5  
Specify each Composite Index (if any).

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(l) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: (i) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is []. 
(m) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify/[All Exchanges]] 
(n) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Equity Index Linked 
Notes]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
(o) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[[], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for 
the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time is 
specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
(p) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Equity Index Linked Note Condition 7/specify] 
(q) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
(i) 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
Trade Date: [] 
 
(ii) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is [].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
(iii) 
[([The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(iv) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable /Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(r) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[eight]: 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
(s) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
26. 
Notice periods for [Condition 7.2] 
(Applicable for Euro Notes) [Condition 
6.2] 
(Applicable 
for 
Luxembourg 
Notes): 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[[] days/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example as between the Issuer and the 
Agent] 
27. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
[Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and Agents.] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Minimum 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
 
(i) 
Maximum period: 
[] days 
(ii) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as between the 
Issuer and the Agent] 
28. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
[Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and Agents.] 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
 
(i) 
Maximum period: 
[] days 
(ii) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' notice for 
a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as between the 
Issuer and the Agent]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
29. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Calculation 
Amount 
x 
Final 
Redemption 
Percentage][Final Payout] per Calculation Amount 
[Final Redemption Percentage: [] per cent.] 
[Final Payout] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: Payout Conditions [1.3, 1.6][2.2, 2.5, 2.6, 
2.8,], 3 and 4 apply.] 
 
[FI FX Vanilla Notes (see Payout Condition 1.3(i)): 
 
Gearing:   
[] per cent. 
 
Cap:   
[] per cent. 
 
Floor:  
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value: 
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI Redemption Valuation 
Dates:   
[Specify Redemption Valuation 
Date] 
 
Averaging:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[] 
 
[Initial Closing Value:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date:   
[]  [Currency Convention:  
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] (N.B. 
only applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes)]] 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Days:   
[]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[] 
 
FI 
Constant 
Percentage 1  
[] per cent.] 
 
[FI Inflation Notes (see Payout Condition 1.3(ii): 
 
FI Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Notes (see Payout Condition 2.2(a)(i)): 
 
Gearing(i): 
[] per cent. (specify in each 
case in respect of (i) in this 
section where different) 
 
Floor Percentage(i): 
[] per cent. 
 
Final Redemption Value:  [Specify] 
 
Strike Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Period: 
[] 
 
Underlying 
Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable]] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes (see Payout 
Condition 2.2(b)(i): 
 
Gearing Up: 
[] per cent. 
 
Option Up: 
[Up Call][Up Put] 
 
Up 
Final 
Redemption Value: 
[Specify]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
Up 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Up Floor Percentage: [] per cent. 
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing Down: 
[] per cent. 
 
Option Down: 
[Down Call][Down Put] 
 
Down 
Final 
Redemption Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Down 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Down 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Final Redemption Value:  [Specify] 
 
Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Period: 
[] 
 
Underlying 
Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[SPS Securizer Notes (see Payout Condition 2.2(c)(i)): 
 
SPS Lock-in Condition: 
["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less 
than or equal to"] 
 
SPS Lock-in Level: 
[] 
 
SPS 
Lower 
Lock-in 
Level: 
[][Not Applicable]

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
SPS Lock-in Value: 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Closing 
Price 
Value 
/ 
Underlying 
Reference 
Intraday Price Value] 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Constant Percentage 1 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant Percentage 2 
[] per cent. 
 
SPS Lock-in Valuation 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
SPS Lock-in Valuation 
Period: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Underlying 
Reference 
Strike Price: 
[Specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[Specify][Not Applicable]] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[SPS Capped Twin Win Notes (see Payout Condition 
2.2(c)(ii)): 
 
SPS Twin Win Upper 
Barrier Level: 
[] 
 
SPS Twin Win Lower 
Barrier Level: 
[] 
 
SPS Twin Win Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value:  
[Specify] 
 
Strike Percentage(i): 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Underlying 
Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
 
[SPS Athena Notes (see Payout Condition 2.2(c)(iii)): 
 
SPS 
Athena 
Barrier 
Level: 
[] 
 
SPS 
Athena 
Barrier 
Value: 
[Specify] 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Value:  
[Specify] 
 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[] per cent.  
 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[] per cent.  
 
SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Underlying 
Reference 
Strike Price:  
[specify][Strike Price Closing 
Value] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Value: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Value: 
[][Not Applicable]] 
In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is linked to an index, shares, 
formula or other variable-linked: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete remaining sub paragraph of this 
sub-paragraph] 
(a) 
Index/Shares/formula/other 
variable: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount 
[     ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where calculated by reference to 
Index/Shares/formula 
and/or 
other variable: 
[     ] 
(d) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[     ]] 
 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the [name of 
applicable Business Day Convention.]]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
(e) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where calculation by reference 
to Index/Shares/formula and/or 
other variable is impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted: 
[     ] 
(f) 
Payment Date: 
[     ] 
(g) 
Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable 
(h) 
Maximum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable 
30. 
Automatic Early Redemption6: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert if applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 5 applies.][Underlying Interest Rate-
Linked Note Condition 7 applies.][Equity Index-Linked 
Note Condition 6 applies] 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 5][Target Automatic Early Redemption] [FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon 
Automatic Early Redemption] [Standard Automatic Early 
Redemption: "greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"][SPS AER Valuation - 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]: "greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption (see Payout 
Condition 1.4(a)): 
 
Final 
Interest 
Rate: 
[Capped 
and 
Guaranteed 
Applicable][Capped 
and 
Guaranteed 
Not 
Applicable][Capped Only][Guaranteed Only]] 
 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption (see Payout 
Condition 1.4(b)): 
 
Accrual to Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption (see Payout 
Condition 1.4(c)): 
 
Coupon Cap: [] per cent.] 
                                                     
6  
Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes and Equity Index-Linked Notes.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout (see Payout 
Condition 2.3: 
 
AER Rate: [] (specify in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date/Period where different rates 
apply)] 
 
[Not Applicable: Equity Index-Linked Note Condition 6 
applies] 
(d) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level: 
[Not Applicable][specify] 
[specify] (in respect of each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date where different levels apply) 
(f) 
[Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage/AER 
Redemption 
Percentage]: 
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up: 
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Down: 
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation [Date(s)/Period]: 
[specify] 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period]: 
[specify] 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period]: 
[specify] 
(For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is the 
interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days prior to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date)) 
(j) 
Elections in respect of SPS 
AER Valuation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [only] [and/or] 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 2]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
‒ 
AER 
Event 
1 
Underlying(s): 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
‒ 
AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
‒ 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level 1: 
[Specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date where different levels apply) 
‒ 
AER 
Event 
2 
Underlying(s): 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
‒ 
AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
31. 
Inflation Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Schedule 
2 to of the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
[Composite/Non-composite] 
(b) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable, specify: [] / 
[Fallback Bond]] 
(d) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(g) 
Related 
Bond 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(i) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruptions Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(j) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
32. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[The 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Conditions at Schedule 3 to the Conditions apply.]  
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify]

--- Page 170 ---
170 
(b) 
The relevant base currency (the 
"Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(c) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Disruption Event: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
(g) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify]  [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 7]/[Modified 
Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding Currency 
Convention]] 
(i) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
redemption 
amount 
where 
calculation by reference to 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[] 
(j) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protection 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] 
(l) 
Strike Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
7]/[Modified Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention] 
(m) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
[Increase Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
(n) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
33. 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language:  "Underlying 
Interest Rate1:") 
(b) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[specify] 
 
(EURIBOR or other) 
 
Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
Specified 
Time 
(Underlying): 
[specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language:  "Underlying 
Interest Rate2:" and repeat items (a) to (g).   
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.)

--- Page 172 ---
172 
34. 
Equity Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Equity Index/Basket of Equity 
Indices: 
[] 
 
[The [] Index is a Composite Index.]7 
(b) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per the Conditions][specify] Scheduled Trading Days] 
(e) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In 
the 
event 
that 
an 
Averaging 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election)  
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
(f) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date,[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
[the provisions of Schedule 5] will apply.] 
(h) 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not Applicable]] 
(i) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
(j) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
                                                     
7  
Specify each Composite Index (if any).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(k) 
Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor: 
(i) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is []. 
(l) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
(m) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Equity Index Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash 
Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices) 
(n) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date] /[during the Observation Period.] 
[[], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for 
the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time) 
 
[As per the Conditions]/[] being the time specified on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or Observation Date 
as the case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. If no time specified, the Valuation Time will 
be as per the Conditions) 
(o) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Equity Index Linked Note Condition 7/[specify]] 
(p) 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(i) 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
Trade Date: [] 
 
(ii) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
(iii) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant security] is [].]

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(iv) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(q) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[eight] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
(r) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
35. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(a) 
Early redemption for taxation 
reasons 
and 
method 
of 
calculating the same (if required 
or if different from that set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As per Condition 7.2 for Euro 
Notes and Condition 6.2 for Luxembourg Notes] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph and insert "do not apply" in paragraph 43) 
(i) 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption: 
[[100][] per cent. of its nominal amount][Market Value 
less Costs][[specify other/Not Applicable]] 
 
Minimum Notice Period: [insert period] 
 
Maximum 
Notice 
Period: 
[[insert 
period]/Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Method of calculating 
(if 
required 
or 
if 
different from that set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As set out in paragraph 
35(a)(i) above] 
[specify other method/arrangements] 
(b) 
Early redemption on event of 
default 
and 
method 
of 
calculating the same (if required 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As per Condition 10 for Euro 
Notes and Condition 9 for Luxembourg Notes] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 175 ---
175 
or if different from that set out 
in the Conditions): 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption: 
[[100][] per cent. of its nominal amount][Market Value 
less Costs] [specify other] 
(ii) 
Method of calculating 
(if 
required 
or 
if 
different from that set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As set out in paragraph 
35(b)(i) above] 
[specify other method/arrangements] 
(c) 
Early redemption for illegality 
and other reasons (specify) 
and/or 
the 
method 
of 
calculating the same (if required 
or if different from that set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[100][] per cent. of its nominal amount][Market Value 
less Costs] [specify amount] 
(ii) 
Method of calculating 
(if 
required 
or 
if 
different from that set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[specify method/arrangements] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
36. 
(a) 
If Euro Notes whether the Notes 
are Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
(b) 
Form of the Notes: 
[Bearer Notes 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[at any time/only upon an Exchange Event].] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date.] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at any time/only upon an Exchange Event.]] 
(N.B. the exchange at any time option should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "€[100,000] and integral multiples of 
€[1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
€[199,000]". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent 
Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
[Registered Notes 
 
[Regulation S Global Certificate (US$/€ [   ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
37. 
[New Global Note][delete if Registered 
Notes][/][Issued 
under 
the 
new 
safekeeping structure][delete if Bearer 
Notes]: 
[Yes/No] 
[If "No" is specified, ensure that "Not Applicable" is 
specified for Eurosystem eligibility in the relevant 
paragraph of section 7 of Part B of this Pricing 
Supplement, and if "Yes" is specified, ensure that the 
appropriate specification is made thereto in respect of 
Eurosystem eligibility.] 
38. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details.] [Note that this item relates 
to the date of payment, and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which item 17(j) relates] 
39. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made 
/No.] 
40. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment 
is 
to 
be 
made 
and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
41. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
42. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition [4 [if Euro 
Notes]]/[3 [If Luxembourg Notes]]/[annexed to this Pricing 
Supplement] apply] 
43. 
Taxation: 
The provisions in Condition [8 [if Euro Notes]]/[7 [If 
Luxembourg Notes]] [do not] apply 
44. 
Other terms or special conditions  
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
[In addition to any other requirements of Condition [14 [if 
Euro Notes]], [13 [if Luxembourg Notes]], notices to 
holders [will] also be published (solely for information 
purposes) on the website of [the Issuer/[]].] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[     ] has 
been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .............................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 178 ---
178 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
[the [professional segment of] the Euro MTF 
Market]/[specify market - note this should not be an EEA 
regulated market or the London Stock Exchange's main 
market] with effect from [].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the rating of the 
Notes differ from those in the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND 
LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE 
 
Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers][, and as 
discussed in "Potential Conflicts of Interest" and "Subscription and Sale" so far as the Issuer is 
aware], no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, including 
conflicting interests.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests 
4. 
[USE 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
AND] 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
[Use of Proceeds 
[]] 
 
(Insert only if the use of proceeds differ from those in 
Base Prospectus) 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
[] 
5. 
[(Inflation Index-Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes) and Equity Index-
Linked Notes) – PERFORMANCE OF [INFLATION INDEX/FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE/EQUITY INDEX] – EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING REFERENCE (TO 
BE INCLUDED IF REQUIRED FOR ANY LISTING) 
[The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] (including 
information about corporate actions or other events affecting the underlying and adjustments or 
substitutions to the underlying resulting therefrom), except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations] 
(a) 
[Information on past and further 
performance of the [inflation 
[Indicate where such information can be obtained.]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
index/foreign 
exchange 
rate/interest rate/equity index] 
and its volatility:] 
(b) 
[Example of how the value of 
the investment is affected by 
the value of the underlying:] 
[specify] 
(c) 
[Name 
of 
[inflation 
index/foreign 
exchange 
rate/equity index]:] 
[specify] 
(d) 
[Information 
on 
[inflation 
index/foreign 
exchange 
rate/equity index]:] 
[specify] 
(e) 
[Description of the interest 
rate:] 
[specify] 
(f) 
[The underlying is a basket of 
underlyings:] 
[disclosure of relevant weightings of each underlying in 
the basket] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[give name] 
(e) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA 
C rules applicable or TEFRA 
rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(f) 
Additional U.S. Federal Income 
Tax Considerations: 
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for the purpose of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986. [Additional information regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available at [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact]. [The Issuer 
will arrange for withholding under Section 871(m) to be 
imposed on any dividend equivalent payment at a rate of 
30 per cent.]] 
[As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has 
not determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that 
they will [not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. 
This is indicative information only subject to change 
and if the Issuer's final determination is different then 
it will give notice of such determination. Please contact

--- Page 180 ---
180 
[give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes.] 
(The Notes will not be Specified Notes if they (i) are 
issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not "delta-one" 
for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. 
equity or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or an 
index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities and 
(i) are issued prior to 1 January, 2023 and provide a 
return that does not differ significantly from the return 
on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on 
or after 1 January 2023, further analysis would be 
required.) 
[Payments on the Specified Notes are calculated by 
reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Security, the parties agree that in 
calculating the relevant payment amount the Issuer has 
withheld, and the purchaser is deemed to have received 
30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as 
defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the 
relevant [U.S. securities/U.S. dividend paying index 
components]. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld.] 
[For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the dividends 
paid by an issuer of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S. 
federal withholding tax.] 
[For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net 
total return of the U.S. source dividend paying 
components, as calculated by the Index Sponsor, of an 
index that reinvests U.S. source dividends paid by an 
issuer of a security that is a component of the index net 
of 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on such U.S. source 
dividends.]] 
(g) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the EEA 
or the UK and as a result no key information document 
is required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation, as the case may be) 
[Applicable other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a 
key information document will be made available]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors, except in 
the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document 
will be made available) 
 
[Not applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to retail investors and either (i) a key 
information document is not required pursuant to the 
PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation or (ii) 
the Notes will only be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to retail investors in the jurisdiction(s) where a 
key information document will be made available) 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(d) 
FISN: 
[[include code ], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as 
common safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

--- Page 182 ---
182 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as 
common safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ (give number(s)] 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] 
(i) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition [14.1(a) (in the 
case of Euro Notes)]/[13.1 (in 
the 
case 
of 
Luxembourg 
Notes)]: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on the 
[second] [business] day after the day on which it was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
This section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE EURO NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Euro Notes (the "Euro Notes") which will be 
applicable to each Euro Note. Each Euro Note whether in definitive, global, bearer or registered form 
will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final 
Terms in relation to any Tranche of Euro Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall 
complete or, (in the case of Exempt Securities only) to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, modify, supplement or replace the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Euro Note whether in definitive, global, 
bearer or registered form. Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt Notes" 
and "Form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt Notes" above for a description of the content of Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Euro Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by BGL BNP Paribas ("BGL" and 
the "Issuer") either directly or, in the case of Exempt Notes only and if so specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, acting through a specified branch (the "Specified Branch"), pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
 
in relation to any Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") represented by a temporary global 
Note in CGN form or in NGN form or permanent global Note in CGN form or in NGN form 
(in each case as defined below) (each a "Global Note") or in relation to any Notes in registered 
form ("Registered Notes") represented by a global certificate (a "Global Certificate") which 
may be issued under the CSS or the NSS (in each case as defined below), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
 
definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note; 
 
definitive registered Notes represented by individual certificates ("Individual Certificates") 
issued in exchange for a Global Certificate; and 
 
any Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form (a "Classic 
Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or a depositary for any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form (a "New Global 
Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together the 
"ICSDs"). 
Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate which are not intended to be issued under the a 
new safekeeping structure ("NSS") (such Global Certificate being issued under the classic safekeeping 
structure or "CSS"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on the relevant issue 
date with and will be registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for a common depositary 
on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or a depositary for any other relevant 
clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer. Registered Notes

--- Page 184 ---
184 
represented by a Global Certificate which are intended to be issued under the NSS, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, on or around the relevant issue date, will be deposited with and registered in the 
name of one of ICSDs acting as common safekeeper for the ICSDs. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) also have the benefit 
of an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated on or about 28 July 2022 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between the 
Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger 
Date (as defined below), will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank in relation to all Notes (the "Agent", which expression shall 
include any successor agent) and BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (or, from and 
including the Merger Date, BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg), as registrar (the "Registrar", 
which expression shall include any successor registrar or any alternative Registrar specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and as transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall inclue 
any additional or successor Transfer Agent), and the other parties specified therein to be paying agents 
(together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents). 
BNP Paribas ("BNPP") and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup 
reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas 
Securities Services SCA, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion 
simplifiée), which is governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) (the "Intragroup Merger"). The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or 
such other date as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (the "Merger 
Date"). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below)) attached to or endorsed 
on this Note which complete or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) supplement these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions" which term shall include one or more of the schedules (each a 
"Schedule") to these terms and conditions containing additional terms and conditions relating to (i) 
payouts (as set out at Schedule 1 (the "Payout Conditions")), (ii) inflation index-linked notes (as set 
out at Schedule 2 (the "Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions")), (iii) foreign exchange (FX) rate-
linked notes (as set out at Schedule 3 (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Conditions")), (iv) 
underlying interest rate-linked notes (as set out at Schedule 4 (the "Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Conditions")) or (v) equity index-linked notes (as set out at Schedule 5 (the "Equity Index-Linked 
Conditions"))) and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (a) a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area, or (b) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
nor offered in (a) the European Economic Area or (b) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"), as the case may be (an "Exempt Note"), may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final 
Terms" or "relevant Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in these terms and 
conditions to "relevant Final Terms" or "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to "relevant Pricing Supplement" or "applicable Pricing Supplement", as the case may be, 
where relevant. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have 
more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form which are repayable in 
instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the 
final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes do not have Receipts or Coupons attached on 
issue. 
Any reference herein to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) the bearer of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose 
name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to Notes represented by a Global Note or by a 
Global Certificate, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall 
mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders 
of the Coupons, and shall unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
issue date, the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest 
starts to accrue. 
The holders of Euro Notes and the holders of any Receipts and Coupons relating thereto are entitled 
to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant such deed, as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time (the "Deed of Covenant") dated on or about 28 July 2022 and made by the Issuer. 
The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the Agent. 
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
copies of the applicable Final Terms will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Brussels, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Brussels 
(www.euronext.com). Copies of Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) are also 
available at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html, save that, if this Note is 
neither listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or quotation system nor offered in (a) the 
European Economic Area or (b) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted 
Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying 
Agent as to their identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are either in bearer form or in registered form and, in the case of Definitive Notes 
or Individual Certificates, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and 
denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Interest Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Note, an Equity Index-
Linked Interest Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Interest Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Note, an Equity Index-
Linked Interest Note, a Variable Interest Rate Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis as shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be redeemable at par or at such other 
amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Inflation Index-Linked Redemption 
Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption Note, an Equity Index-Linked 
Redemption Note, an Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
on the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be an Inflation Index-Linked Redemption Note, 
a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Redemption Note, an Equity Index-Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment Note, a Dual 
Currency Note, a Partly Paid Note, a Variable Redemption Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes or do 
not otherwise bear interest in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these 
Terms and Conditions are not applicable. Registered Notes do not have Receipts or Coupons 
attached on issue. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery 
and title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Transfer 
Agent and the Registrar will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer 
of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
(subject to the provisions of the Deed of Covenant) but, in the case of any Global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out below. The provisions relating to the holding of a note 
register at the registered office of the issuer company contained in article 470-1 of the 
Luxembourg act of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (loi du 10 août 
1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle qu'elle a été modifiée) (the "Luxembourg 
Company Act") shall not apply to the Registered Notes. 
A Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes either (i) only (a) upon 
the happening of any of the events defined in Condition 10 as Events of Default or (b) if either 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so (other 
than in the case of a merger or consolidation of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) and 
no alternative clearing system is available or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences to which the Issuer would not be subject were the Notes represented 
by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form (each such event, an "Exchange Event") or 
(ii) if the Issuer so elects, at any time.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in

--- Page 187 ---
187 
accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
(c) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Agent. Any physical delivery of Definitive Notes will be made outside Belgium. 
 A Global Certificate will be exchangeable for Individual Certificates either (i) upon the 
happening of any of the events defined in Condition 10 as "Events of Default", (ii) if Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business and 
does in fact do so and no alternative clearing system is available or (iii) if the Issuer so elects 
(each an "Exchange Event"). The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Global Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, 
the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall 
occur not later than five Business Days of the delivery to the Registrar of such information as 
is required to complete and deliver the relevant Individual Certificates upon presentation of 
the Global Certificates at the office of the Registrar.  Any such exchange will be effected in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the 
transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
In the event that (a) following an Exchange Event a Global Note is not duly exchanged for 
definitive Notes by the day described above or (b) a Global Note (or any part hereof) has 
become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions or the Maturity Date has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due in respect thereof has not been 
made to the bearer in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, then, from 8.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on (in the case of (a) above) the relevant day or (in the case of (b) above) 
such due date, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall automatically acquire, 
under the Deed of Covenant, against the Issuer all those rights which such holders would have 
had if, immediately before the bearer ceased to have rights under the Global Note, they held 
and beneficially owned duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes (and any related 
receipts and coupons) in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the nominal amount of the 
Notes credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If: 
(a) 
following an Exchange Event, Individual Certificates have not been issued and 
delivered by 8.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the day provided above; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes evidenced by the Global Certificate has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due in respect thereof has 
not been made to the holder of the Global Certificate on the due date for payment in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Certificate, 
then, at 8.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such day (in the case of (a) above) or at 8.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) each person shown in the

--- Page 188 ---
188 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other relevant clearing system) 
as having interests in such Global Certificate credited to their account with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as the case may be, (each a "Relevant Account Holder") shall 
acquire the right under the Deed of Covenant of enforcement against the Issuer, to compel the 
Issuer to perform its obligations to the holder of the Global Certificate in respect of the Notes 
represented by the Global Certificate, including the obligation of the Issuer to make all 
payments when due at any time in respect of such Notes as if such Notes had been duly 
presented and (where required by the Conditions) surrendered on the due date in accordance 
with the Conditions ("Direct Rights"). The Direct Rights shall be without prejudice to the 
rights which the holder of the Global Certificate may have under the Global Certificate or 
otherwise. Payment to the holder of the Global Certificate in respect of any Notes represented 
by the Global Certificate shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
and the Deed of Covenant to the extent of any such payment. 
Upon any exercise of Direct Rights by a Relevant Account Holder in respect of a Global 
Certificate, such Relevant Account Holder shall, as soon as practicable, give notice of such 
exercise to the Noteholders in the manner provided for in the Conditions or the Global 
Certificate for notices to be given by the Issuer to Noteholders. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate held 
by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent 
as the holder of such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note or registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with, and subject to 
the terms of, the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate and the expressions "Noteholder" 
and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Interests in a Global Note or a Global Certificate will, so long as the Global Note or Global 
Certificate is being held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
and/or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system as may be approved by the Issuer, 
the Agent and, if the Notes are intended to be listed and admitted to trading, recognised by the 
relevant stock exchange. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 3) 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them shall, save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 3, at 
all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the 
Issuer present and future (other than indebtedness or monetary obligations preferred by 
mandatory provisions of law).

--- Page 189 ---
189 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE IN RESPECT OF NOTES 
The Issuer undertakes that, so long as any of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons relating 
to them remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), it shall not create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien (other than a lien arising solely by operation 
of law in the ordinary course of business) or other encumbrance, upon or with respect to, the 
whole or any part of, its present or future property, assets or revenues to secure repayment of, 
or to secure any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of, any external indebtedness unless such 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons are, at the same time, secured equally and rateably therewith, or 
have the benefit of such other security or other arrangement as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. In this 
Condition 3, "external indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities: 
(a) 
that are payable or may be required to be paid in, or by reference to, any currency 
other than euro which on issue was offered through an international group of banks 
or financial institutions as to more than 50 per cent. in issue amount outside Belgium 
and Luxembourg; and 
(b) 
that are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily traded on any stock 
exchange, automated trading system, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
4. 
REDENOMINATION 
4.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice 
to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination 
Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to 
the nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into 
euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the 
agreement of the Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination 
into euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock 
exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and admitted to trading and the 
Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as 
the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the 
relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest 
euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if Definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall 
be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, 
euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro

--- Page 190 ---
190 
1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such 
other denominations as the Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in 
the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with 
effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that 
replacement euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for 
exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be 
made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Notes and 
Receipts so issued will also become void on that date although those Notes and 
Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the 
Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. 
No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of 
principal or interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before 
the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the 
Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit 
or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, (half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount; and 
(g) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Agent and as may be specified in the notice or (in respect of 
Exempt Notes) set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
4.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions will have the following meanings: 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment 
of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case

--- Page 191 ---
191 
specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4.1 above 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes ("Fixed 
Rate Notes"), Floating Rate Notes ("Floating Rate Notes"), Inflation Index-Linked Interest 
Notes ("Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes"), Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes"), Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Interest Notes ("Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes") and/or 
Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes ("Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes"), do not accrue 
interest ("Non-Interest Bearing") or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate 
Notes ("Variable Interest Rate Notes") or whether a different interest basis applies. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only.  
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate 
interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.1 for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest 
Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, in the case of Exempt Notes 
only, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of each Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of a Fixed Interest Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5.2(d)). The resultant figure shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, (half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 192 ---
192 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes, Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes and Variable Interest Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes, Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes and/or Variable Interest Rate Notes. 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest 
Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day 
Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount 
of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms 
will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant 
Screen Page.  Where an entity other than the Agent will calculate the amount of interest due, 
references in this Condition 5.2 to the Agent shall be deemed to be references to such other 
entity, where applicable. 
In respect of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or Equity Index-Linked 
Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination 
of the relevant rate of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.2 and any 
additional terms and conditions specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Inflation Index-Linked Interest 
Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes and/or Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes. 
In the case of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, 
among other things, the relevant Index and Index Sponsor, any Related Bond, relevant 
Determination Dates, provisions relating in determination of the Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count Fraction and the 
Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms 
will set out, among other things, the relevant Base Currency, any Subject Currencies, any 
applicable Weighting, provisions relating in determination of the Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count Fraction and the 
Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will 
set out, among other things, the Underlying Interest Determination Dates, whether ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the determination of the underlying 
interest rate and, (a) where ISDA Determination applies the applicable Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date or (b) where Screen Rate Determination applies, the 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Specified Time (Underlying) and the Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 193 ---
193 
and, in either case, provisions relating in determination of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count Fraction and the Business Day 
Convention. 
In the case of Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, 
among other things, the relevant Index, Index Currency, Screen Page, Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor, any applicable Weighting, provisions relating to determination of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count Fraction 
and the Business Day Convention. 
Variable Interest Rate Notes will be issued as Exempt Notes only, the terms of which will be 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Interest Note, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Note, Equity Index-Linked 
Interest Note and in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Note bears interest 
on its outstanding nominal amount (or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, if it is a Partly Paid 
Note, the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in each 
year as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
"Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each interest period (an "Interest Period", which 
expression shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a 
date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest or Rate payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes, 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes and, in 
the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Notes, will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent

--- Page 194 ---
194 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "ISDA Definitions") 
and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(i), "Floating Rate" for a swap transaction, 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
EURIBOR 
I. 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as "Applicable: IBOR" in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest or 
Rate is to be determined, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may 
be, for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation; or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
(being the Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will 
be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (or, in the 
case of any other Reference Rate, the time specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) (the "Screen Page Reference Rate") on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
II. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of sub-
Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A)I.1 above, no such offered quotation appears 
or, in the case of sub-Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A)I.2 above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, except as provided in sub-Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A)III below the 
Calculation Agent (with the assistance of the Issuer, if required), shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event that two 
or more quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest 
(or, in the event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the 
lowest), plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest or Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market 
of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used 
(in the case of Exempt Notes only)) plus or minus (as applicable) the 
Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent. If fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered rates, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used (in the case of Exempt Notes only)) plus or 
minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
If the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, shall be 
equal to the last Reference Rate on the Relevant Screen Page plus or 
minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent except that if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate or the occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then the Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with paragraph III below. 
III. 
If (i) the Issuer (where the Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined 
by the Agent), or (ii) otherwise, the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date, that 
the Screen Page Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will use, as a substitute for the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to be the alternative reference 
rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or 
any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the Specified Currency (each 
a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative 
reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which 
of those alternative reference rates is most appropriate to preserve the 
economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to determine such an 
alternative reference rate (and in the case of the Calculation Agent, 
has notified the Issuer thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event 
before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest 
Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute 
or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen 
Page Reference Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or 
after the date of such determination.  If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify 
the Issuer and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent of such successor 
rate to be used by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, 
the "Replacement Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or 
after such determination: 
1. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also determine the

--- Page 197 ---
197 
changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any 
method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate, including where applicable, to reflect any increased 
costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the 
Replacement Reference Rate, in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Reference Rate; 
2. 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in 1 above; 
3. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, where relevant, will notify the Issuer of the 
Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in 1 
above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
4. 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14, the Agent and, where relevant, the 
Calculation Agent of the Replacement Reference Rate, and 
the details described in 1 above as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London 
time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest 
Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no 
longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall appoint or re-
appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be 
(which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose 
of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a 
substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as 
described in this paragraph III. If the Replacement Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate 
will remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, 
broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer or the Calculation

--- Page 198 ---
198 
Agent, as applicable, (ii) the Issuer, (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, or (iv) such other entity that the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines to be competent to carry out 
such role. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 7.12, the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A)III will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all 
provisions referred to in) this Condition 5.2(b), the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Reference Rate Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take 
all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection 
with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate 
Fallback Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event or any related 
events or circumstances, as applicable, may have occurred before the 
Issue Date of the Notes. 
For the purposes these Conditions, "Reference Rate Fallback 
Event" means, in relation to any Screen Page Reference Rate the 
occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(i) 
the Screen Page Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing 
to be published for a period of at least six (6) consecutive 
Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of 
information (provided that, at the time of any such event, 
there is no successor administrator that will provide the 
Screen Page Reference Rate) by or on behalf of (i) the 
administrator of the Screen Page Reference Rate, or (ii) the 
supervisor, insolvency official, resolution authority, central 
bank or competent court having jurisdiction over such 
administrator stating that (x) the administrator has ceased or 
will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the Screen 
Page Reference Rate, (y) the Screen Page Reference Rate, 
has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, 
or (z) the Screen Page Reference Rate, has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that, if such 
public statement or publication mentions that the event or 
circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will occur on 
a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant 
public statement or publication, the Reference Rate Fallback 
Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) 
months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement);

--- Page 199 ---
199 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable), become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for determining the 
Screen Page Reference Rate, to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Screen Page 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under BMR, 
if applicable); or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of 
information that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in 
any official register in respect of the Screen Page Reference 
Rate or the administrator of the Screen Page Reference Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each 
case with the effect that the use of the Screen Page Reference 
Rate, is not or will not be permitted under any applicable law 
or regulation, such that the Agent or the Calculation Agent 
or any other party responsible for determining the Screen 
Page Reference Rate, is unable to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes. 
A change in the methodology of the Screen Page Reference Rate, 
shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the above, be deemed a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event. 
(B) 
SONIA 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as "Applicable: SONIA" in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(B)I or 5.2(b)(ii)(B)II 
below, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(B)IV. 
I. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
II. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the Weighted 
Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
III. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(B):

--- Page 200 ---
200 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏(1 +
SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Business Days in chronological 
order from (and including) the first London Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the day following the Interest Determination 
Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end 
of such Interest Period; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such London Business Day i up 
to (but excluding) the following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p London 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is p London Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-
out Period;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
"SONIA i" means: 
(i) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD 
in respect of the relevant London Business Day i; or 
(ii) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day; otherwise 
(B) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(i) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day 
i, SONIA i in respect of the London Business Day falling p 
London Business Days prior to such London Business Day i 
("pLBD"); or 
(ii) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day 
i, SONIA i in respect of such London Business Day i. 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
rate for such London Business Day, as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Business Day immediately following such London Business 
Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in 
respect of each calendar day during the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period divided by the number of calendar days 
during such Observation Lookback Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in 
respect of each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will 
be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of any calendar day which is not a London Business 
Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
IV. 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate 
shall be: 
1. 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at the close of business on the relevant London 
Business Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of 
SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days in 
respect of which SONIA has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately 
preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA Rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined 
or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such guidance to 
determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relation to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject 
to the application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes only, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR 
or SONIA, the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Interest 
Rate, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Interest Rate. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Interest 
Rate, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Interest Rate. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest, Rate and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, or the 
Calculation Agent, in the case of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity 
Index-Linked Interest Notes and/or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate 
Notes, or any other party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest and/or 
Rate is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and/or Rate, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Interest Period. In the case of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, 
Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes and/or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest 
Rate Notes, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked Interest 
Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Interest Notes, Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes and/or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, 
Variable Interest Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period. Each such Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be 
specified in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actually number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; 
where: 
"Regular Period" means: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(C) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;

--- Page 205 ---
205 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable and/or the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount (except that if the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination, the Agent and/or the party responsible for calculating the Interest Amount(s) 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination) for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Issuer and any relevant stock exchange and/or quotation system on which 
the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day (where the expression "Luxembourg 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settle payments in Luxembourg) after such 
determination. To the extent required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Interest Notes and/or Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or Equity 
Index-Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and admitted to trading, the Issuer 
will also make available to Noteholders on request the Rate of Interest, Rate, Interest Amount, 
Interest Period and Interest Payment Date relating to each Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will, to the extent required 
by the rules of the relevant stock exchanges, be promptly notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes and/or Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and admitted to 
trading and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2, whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agent, the Registrar and all Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Exempt Notes 
This Condition applies to Exempt Notes only. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, including but not limited to Variable Interest Rate Notes, 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
(b) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes), interest will accrue in accordance with this Condition 5 on the paid-up 
nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
5.4 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless such Note is 
redeemed early. If such Note is redeemed early (a) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Accrual to Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for 
redemption or (b) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not 
applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to the due date for redemption of such Note. If, 
upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to interest 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month on which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur, or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (b) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (ii), in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions:

--- Page 208 ---
208 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne 
or Wellington, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or at the option of the payee by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Melbourne or Wellington respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (a) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which 
the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation) (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") ("871(m) Withholding") and (c) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any

--- Page 209 ---
209 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. In addition, and if the Notes are deemed to be Specified Notes for the 
purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding 
imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the 
Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a 
rate of 70 per cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may 
withhold, and the holder may be deemed to receive, 30 per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" 
payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. 
The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld. 
6.2 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of Definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement of Coupons, in each case to or to the order of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any), other than the final instalment, in respect of 
Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 6.1 above against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipt in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement of the relevant Definitive Note. Each Receipt must be 
presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Note to which it 
appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any Definitive Note becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Dual Currency Notes or Long Maturity Notes 
(as defined below) and save as provided in Condition 6.5 below), should be presented for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall 
for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on 
which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Inflation Index-Linked Note, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note, Equity Index-
Linked Note, Long Maturity Note or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate 
Note or Variable Redemption Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue has a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid 
after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Definitive Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant Definitive Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
Definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note (against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note if the Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) to or to the order of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made, 
(a) in the case of a Global Note in CGN form, be made on such Global Note by the Paying 
Agent to which it was presented and (b) in the case of a Global Note in NGN form, in the 
records of the relevant ICSD upon the instruction of the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Payments in respect of Individual Certificates 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note in definitive form will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered 
Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will 
be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of 
business on, in respect of Registered Notes in definitive form, the third business day (being, 
for this purpose, a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date"). 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or 
(b) the nominal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than EUR 250,000 (or its 
approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these 
purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a

--- Page 211 ---
211 
holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" 
means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) 
and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Note in definitive form will be made by transfer on the due date 
to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not 
such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date").  
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the nominal amount 
of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted 
in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect 
of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of Global Certificates 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4, each payment in respect of 
Registered Notes represented at such time by a Global Certificate will be made in the manner 
specified in Condition 6.4(a) above to the person appearing in the Register at the close of 
business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due 
date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means 
a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note in global form and instalments 
of principal other than the final instalment of nominal will be made in the same manner as 
payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
(c) 
General 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. 
6.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note or the registered holder of a Global Certificate shall be the only 
person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note or the registered holder of such Global Certificate in respect of 
each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream,

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by 
such Global Note or Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or 
to the order of, the holder of such global Note or the registered holder of such Global 
Certificate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Note is a Bearer Note and any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of this Note is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of this Note will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is (subject to Condition 9): 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): (i) in the case of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of 
presentation; and (ii) in any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre 
and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall 
be Melbourne or Wellington respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a TARGET Settlement Day.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
6.8 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect 
to interest under Condition 8. 
6.9 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
If the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, FX 
Settlement Disruption will apply, and: 
(a) 
If, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the Calculation 
Agent (in its sole and absolute discretion) determines that a FX Settlement Disruption 
Event has occurred and is subsisting, the Issuer shall give notice (a "FX Settlement 
Disruption Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to the relevant Disrupted 
Payment Date. 
(b) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed to 
(i) the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty (30) calendar days following 
the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount (the 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted 
Amount, less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of (A)(ii) 
above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in the relevant 
Specified Currency, the Issuer will, subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, 
convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the FX Settlement Disruption 
Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate for the relevant 
Disrupted Payment Date) and will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount, less 
FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the FX Settlement Disruption 
Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
(c) 
If sub-paragraph (b)(A)(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate in its sole and absolute discretion in accordance 
with the following procedures: 
(A) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid 
and offer Specified Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange 
rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
(B) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and 
offer Specified Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates 
on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Settlement 
Disruption Exchange Rate in its discretion. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the 
postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 6.9, and no 
additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition 6.9 shall prevent the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent from determining that an Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, the 
provisions of Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 3.7 or Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 6, as applicable, shall prevail in the event of any conflict 
between such Conditions and this Condition 6.9. 
(f) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if any) (each a "Disrupted 
Amount"); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means USD; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it 
unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted Amount in the Specified 
Currency on the scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the 
Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions 
of sub-paragraph (c) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Notes and (ii) any transaction, 
settlement or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement 
Disruption Event or the related payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos ("ARS"), 
Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini 
Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars 
("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Czech Korun ("CZK"), Danish 
Kroner ("DKK"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanaian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kunas ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah 
("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), 
Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani 
Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds ("LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian 
Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars 
("NAD"), Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars 
("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine Pesos 
("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei ("RON"), Russian 
Roubles ("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kroner ("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars 
("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY") and South 
African Rand ("ZAR"). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note, will be an amount in 
the relevant Specified Currency equal to (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Redemption Percentage, or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount will be 
payable on redemption of the Note. 
"Final Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes will be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Note, a Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note, an Equity Index-
Linked Note nor, in the case of Exempt Notes only, a Variable Interest Rate Note or a Variable 
Redemption Note,) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate 
Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note, an 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note, an Equity Index-Linked Note or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes only, a Variable Interest Rate Note or a Variable Redemption Note), on giving not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 8) or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, a Tax 
Jurisdiction having power to tax, or any change in the application of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph 7.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.3 applies to Notes which are specified to be subject to redemption prior to 
the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms, such option being 
referred to as an Issuer Call.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.3 for full information 
on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum early 
redemption amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the applicable Optional Redemption Date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Early Redemption Amount or not more 
than the Maximum Early Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms.  The Optional Redemption Amount will be the 
specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") 
will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive 
Notes or Individual Certificates, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, not more than 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the "Selection Date"). 
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes or Individual Certificates, a 
list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 not less than 7 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes or Individual Certificates shall 
in each case bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes 
as the aggregate nominal amount of Definitive Notes or Individual Certificates outstanding 
bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection 
Date, provided that, if necessary, appropriate adjustments shall be made to such nominal 
amounts to ensure that each represents an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate will be permitted or transfer of 
a Registered Note will be registered during the period from and including the Selection Date

--- Page 217 ---
217 
to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph 7.3 and notice to that 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 
five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In the event of any such redemption, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be notified of 
such redemption by the Issuer. 
7.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 7.4 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part) such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If the relevant Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of the 
relevant Note, the holder of such Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (in the case of a Definitive Note) or the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (in the 
case of an Individual Certificate) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent, the Transfer Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or Registrar (a "Put 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by the relevant 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the relevant Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control; and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which 
a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 11. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate, as the case may 
be, to exercise the right to require redemption of a Note, the holder of the relevant Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Agent (in the case of Global Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Global Certificates) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their 
instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper for them, as the case may be, to the Agent by electronic means), in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.4 shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer 
to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
7.5 
Redemption for illegality 
In the case of Inflation Index-Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes and, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable 
Interest Rate Notes or a Variable Redemption Notes and unless, in the case of Exempt Notes 
only, otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on such date as the Issuer may 
notify to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if the Issuer determines that the 
performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes has become unlawful under any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.5 will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph 7.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs 7.2 and 7.5 above, 7.12 below and Condition 10, each Note will 
be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows or as otherwise provided 
in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Schedule: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note other than a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Note, 
a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Note, an Equity Index-Linked Note or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, a Variable 
Interest Rate Note or a Variable Redemption Note, at the percentage of its nominal 
amount specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the Final Terms, at 100 per cent. of its nominal amount; 
(b) 
in the case of an Inflation Index-Linked Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, 
a Variable Interest Rate Note or a Variable Redemption Note at its Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may be a specified percentage 
of its nominal amount or, if Market Value less Costs is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its fair market value (as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent) 
as at the date of such early redemption less the costs to the Issuer of unwinding or 
amending any related hedging arrangements provided that, if no Early Redemption 
Amount is specified, the Early Redemption Amount will be Market Value less Costs; 
and 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is the Day Count Fraction specified for such Zero Coupon Note in the applicable 
Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 
months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of

--- Page 219 ---
219 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360), or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365); 
(d) 
or, in the case of any of (a) to (c) above, if such Note is an Exempt Note, at such other 
amount as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.7 
Instalment Notes 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In 
the case of early redemption of an Instalment Note, the Early Redemption Amount will be 
determined pursuant to paragraph 7.6 above. 
7.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
This sub-Condition applies to Exempt Notes only. 
(a) 
Variable Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Variable Redemption Note or a Dual Currency Note and, in the case 
of a Variable Redemption Note, any other relevant terms may be specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes of Condition 
7.2, Dual Currency Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by 
tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes (to the extent permitted 
by law) may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). 
All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 7.1 above 
(together with, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4 or 7.5 above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused by the Issuer or 
its Agent, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in paragraph 7.6(c) above as though the references therein to 
the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of Zero Coupon Notes have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
7.12 
Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may (at its option and in its sole and absolute discretion): 
(a) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as it may determine appropriate in its sole and absolute 
discretion to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, 
such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on one 
or more dates, (b) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the 
relevant event or circumstance in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of 
the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related 
adjustments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including where applicable to 
reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the successor 
benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making 
provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(b) 
having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notices shall be irrevocable), on expiry of such 
notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.6 together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of any adjustment(s) made pursuant to paragraph (a) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Notes.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in 
relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer 
shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.12: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur;

--- Page 221 ---
221 
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the Issuer, the Agent or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or 
(iii) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer, the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an 
increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or 
changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, 
without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent or any other 
entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed 
or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such 
licence). 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in BMR 
and where any amount payable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined, in 
whole or in part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, and unless 
the provisions of this Condition 8 are specified not to apply in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment to, or to a third party on behalf, of a holder who is liable for 
such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of their 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Note, Receipt or Coupon; or

--- Page 222 ---
222 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7); or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to (i) an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any 
official interpretations thereof or (ii) Section 871(m) of the Code; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the Luxembourg act of 
23 December 2005 (as amended). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the jurisdiction in which 
the Specified Branch (if any) is located (in the case of Exempt Notes only) or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any 
other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest 
on the Notes, Receipts and Coupons become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in Bearer or Registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or 
Condition 6.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer 
securities, as amended (the "Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996") requires that, in the event 
that (i) an opposition has been filed in relation to lost or stolen Notes in Bearer form, Receipts 
and Coupons and (ii) the Notes in Bearer form, Receipts and Coupons mature prior to 
becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount 
that is payable under the Notes in Bearer form, Receipts and Coupons, but has not yet been 
paid to the Noteholders or Couponholders, must be paid to the Caisse de Consignations in 
Luxembourg until the opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Notes in Bearer 
form, Receipts and Coupons occurs. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of 
any Note may give written notice to the Agent at its specified office that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7.6), together with accrued interest (if

--- Page 223 ---
223 
any) to the date of repayment, without presentation, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or 7 days (in the case 
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any 
of the Notes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer defaults in performance or observance of, or compliance with, any of its 
other obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or which, if 
capable of remedy, is not remedied within 21 days after notice of such default shall 
have been given to the Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out 
on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer and 
is not stayed or discharged within 21 days; or 
(d) 
any present or future mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance on or over 
all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or 
the appointment of a receiver, manager, administrator or other similar person) and 
such enforcement or step is not stayed or discharged within 21 days; or 
(e) 
(i) if any judgment has been rendered by any competent court for the liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) or the opening of a regime of suspension of payment (sursis 
de paiement) of the Issuer; or (ii) if the Issuer makes or enters into a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
or (iii) if an effective voluntary resolution is passed for the dissolution (dissolution) 
and liquidation (liquidation) of the Issuer (in each case save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or similar arrangement upon 
which all the assets of the Issuer are transferred to and all its debts and liabilities 
assumed by the continuing entity or entity formed as a result of such merger or 
reorganisation); or 
(f) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on business (except for the purpose of any amalgamation, 
merger or other reorganisation under which the continuing or successor corporation 
has assumed all of the assets and business undertakings of the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 17 and has expressly and effectively assumed the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes); or 
(g) 
(i) any loan or other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for or in respect of 
moneys borrowed or raised and not being money deposited with the Issuer or 
transferred pursuant to a fiduciary contract within the meaning of the Luxembourg 
Act of 27 July 2003 on the Trust and Fiduciary Contracts (as amended) or otherwise 
borrowed in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer ("Relevant Indebtedness") 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of 
the Issuer or the creditor thereof, or (ii) the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect 
of Relevant Indebtedness on the due date for such payment as extended by any 
applicable grace period or (iii) default is made by the Issuer in making any payment 
due under any present or future guarantee and/or indemnity given by it of, or in respect 
of, Relevant Indebtedness, provided that the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Indebtedness in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
paragraph (g) have occurred equals or exceeds EUR 15,000,000 or its equivalent (on 
the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted 
by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates).

--- Page 224 ---
224 
11. 
TRANSFER OF REGISTERED NOTES AND REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, 
RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Notes in global form will be effected by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests.  A 
beneficial interest in a Global Certificate will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial 
interest in another Global Certificate of the same Series only in the Specified Denominations 
set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Subject as provided below, Registered Notes in definitive form may be transferred in whole 
or in part (in the Specified Denomination or any integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination) by the transferor depositing the relevant Individual Certificate for registration 
of the transfer of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly completed and signed by or on behalf 
of the transferor and upon the Registrar or Transfer Agent after due and careful enquiry being 
satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and 
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar or Transfer Agent may 
prescribe, including any restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of Registered Notes 
originally sold to a U.S. person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar or Transfer Agent 
will, within 5 Business Days (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) of receipt by it or receipt by it of notification 
from any other Transfer Agent of delivery to it, of any Individual Certificate in respect of 
Registered Notes for transfer, deliver at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of 
the transferee) send by regular uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request a 
new Certificate evidencing the Registered Note transferred. In the case of the transfer of part 
only of the Registered Notes evidenced by an Individual Certificate, a new Individual 
Certificate in respect of the Registered Notes not transferred will be so delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11, "Business Day" means a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant city. 
No exchange of a Bearer Note for a Registered Note or a Registered Note for a Bearer Note 
will be permitted. 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note in definitive form to be 
registered: 
(a) 
during the period of fifteen days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment 
of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Note; 
(b) 
during the period of fifteen days before any date on which Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 7.3; 
(c) 
after any such Note has been called for redemption; or 
(d) 
during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by

--- Page 225 ---
225 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient 
to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration or exchange. 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, 
it may be replaced at the specified office of the Agent, in the case of a Bearer Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon, or the Registrar, in the case of a Registered Note, or such other Paying 
Agent or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by 
the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each 
case in accordance with any applicable legal requirements and upon payment by the claimant 
of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as 
to evidence, security and indemnity which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, 
stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, 
as the case may be, exchanged for further coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or further 
coupons as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENT, PAYING AGENTS, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agent, the other initial Paying Agents and the initial Registrar and 
Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer Agents or another Registrar and/or 
approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent 
or the Registrar acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of any relevant stock exchange (or other relevant authority); 
(b) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Registrar (so long as any Registered Notes are outstanding) 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 6.5. Notice of 
any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 
30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon

--- Page 226 ---
226 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
14.1 
Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Notes in global form 
So long as any Tranche of Bearer Notes is represented by a Global Note and such Global Note 
is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to Holders of Notes of that Tranche will, save 
where another means of effective communication has been specified herein or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes only, in the relevant Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be validly given if given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for communication by it to 
Noteholders in respect of the relevant Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If such delivery is not practicable, notices will be deemed to be validly given if published in 
a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
(b) 
Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
So long as any Bearer Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange or quotation system, notices to Holders of Notes of such Notes will, 
save where another means of effective communication has been specified herein or in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Notes are admitted to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and any applicable 
laws, rules or regulations so require), published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), and/or in such other 
manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules and regulations from time to 
time; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if published in such 
manner as may be required by the applicable laws, rules and regulations of that 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotable system from time to time, 
including publication on the website of the relevant competent authority, stock 
exchange or quotation system, if required by such laws, rules or regulations. 
(c) 
In any other cases 
Where both Condition 14.1(a) and Condition 14.1(b) are inapplicable, notices will, save where 
another means of effective communication has been specified herein or in the relevant Final 
Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper having general 
circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or, if such 
publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(d) 
General 
For the avoidance of doubt, where both Condition 14.1(a) and Condition 14.1(b) apply, notices 
must be given in the manner specified in Condition 14.1(a) and Condition 14.1(b) in order to 
be deemed to be validly given. 
Notices to Holders of Notes of any Exempt Notes may, at the sole discretion of the Issuer and 
solely for informational purposes, also be published on the website of the Issuer and/or of any 
other entity specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose. 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the date and time of such notification 
(or, if required to be notified in more than one manner, on the first date on which notification 
shall have been made in all required manners). 
Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice validly given to Holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14.2 
Registered Notes 
All notices regarding Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holder(s) (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and/or quotation system and the rules of such stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) or in such other manner as may be required 
by the rules or regulations of such stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of 
Notes listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority, the rules 
of such stock exchange or other relevant authority permit), so long as such Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, be substituted for such mailing and 
such publication in the newspaper(s) mentioned above, the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other clearing system for 
communication by them to the holders of the relevant Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the holders of the Notes and the Coupons on the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other clearing 
system. 
14.3 
Notices by Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Definitive Note) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
15.1 
Meetings and Resolutions 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or by Noteholders holding not less 
than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths 
of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-fourths of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall in each 
case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company Act relating to the 
convening and conduct of meetings of bondholders shall not apply to the Notes. 
15.2 
Minor Modifications and Corrections 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interest of 
the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
15.3 
Exclusion of termination condition (condition résolutoire) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may initiate 
proceedings against the Issuer based on article 470-21 of the Luxembourg Company Act. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the issue date, the amount and date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under any Series of 
the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons any subsidiary branch or affiliate of the 
Issuer or the successor company of the Issuer or jointly and severally one or more companies 
to whom the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business undertakings (in each case the 
"Substitute") provided that no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons 
is at the relevant time overdue, no steps have been taken to admit the Issuer to a regime of 
suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) and (except in the case of a solvent 
reorganisation or amalgamation) no judgment has been rendered or an effective voluntary 
resolution has been passed for the dissolution and liquidation of the Issuer. Such substitution 
effected in accordance with this Condition 17 will release the Issuer or any previous 
substituted company from any and all further obligations in respect of the Notes and the 
Noteholders and Couponholders expressly consent hereto. The substitution shall be made by 
a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement and may take place only if: 
(a) 
the Substitute, by means of the Deed Poll, agrees to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment, withholding, deduction or 
governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any taxing authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if 
different, of its incorporation (and, if applicable, the jurisdiction of any Guarantor (as 
set out under (b) below) with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or the Deed 
of Covenant or by the country in which any Noteholder or Couponholder resides and 
which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as 
against any tax, duty assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, 
relating to the substitution; 
(b) 
unless the Substitute is the successor company of the Issuer or one or more companies 
to whom the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business undertakings each of 
whom are to be jointly and severally liable as principal debtor, the obligations of the 
Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons are unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer or its successor or each of the companies to 
whom together the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business undertakings 
(each a "Guarantor") by means of a guarantee substantially in the form contained in 
the Deed Poll (the "Guarantee"); 
(c) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including 
the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and the Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally

--- Page 230 ---
230 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Guarantee, 
of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(d) 
the Substitute has become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(e) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders have been delivered to them (care of the 
Agent) from a lawyer or a firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each 
jurisdiction referred to in 17(a) above and in England that the Deed Poll, the Notes 
(and, where applicable, the Receipts, Coupons and Talons) represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Guarantee, 
of the Guarantor(s); 
(f) 
the substitution does not affect adversely any rating of the Notes by Moody's, S&P 
and Fitch (as applicable) or, if any such rating agency has ceased to exist at the 
relevant time, any two existing internationally recognised rating agencies; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, stating that copies of all documents (in final form) in relation to the 
substitution which are referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be 
regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Deed Poll and, where the Deed Poll contains a Guarantee, the events 
listed in Condition 10 shall be deemed to include such Guarantee not being (or being claimed 
by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. In addition, the Deed Poll shall contain 
events of default in respect of the Notes in the same or analogous terms as Condition 10 
relating to the Guarantor (except that references in Condition 10(a) to failure to pay principal 
and interest on the Notes shall be a reference to failure to pay under the Guarantee) and (b) a 
negative pledge in relation to the Guarantee in the form of Condition 3. 
References to "outstanding" in relation to the Notes of any Series shall, on a substitution of 
the Issuer where the Guarantor guarantees the Notes, not include Notes held by the Guarantor 
and its subsidiaries for the purposes of (a) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any 
meeting of the Noteholders and (b) the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for 
the purposes of Condition 15. 
18. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") 
in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another 
currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof 
against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) 
enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Agent, against any loss suffered as 
a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert 
the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates 
of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole 
or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
19. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all 
United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any terms of any Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1 
The Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to the Notes and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by English law. 
21.2 
The Agency Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
21.3 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 21.3(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons relating to the Notes (including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity) and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes, the Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each 
of the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders, the Couponholders and the 
Talonholders in relation to any Dispute submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 21.3, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law the Noteholders, Receiptholders, Couponholders and 
Talonholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes take (i) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
(d) 
The Issuer appoints BNP Paribas, London Branch at 10 Harewood Avenue, London, 
NW1 6AA (Attention: the loan Administration Department) as its agent for service of 
process, in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and 
agrees that, in the event of BNP Paribas, London Branch being unable or unwilling 
so to act, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England

--- Page 232 ---
232 
in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it 
of any proceeds will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
22. 
RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 22, includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power (as defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined 
below), which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined 
below); 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the 
date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to 
give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are the amounts payable on redemption of a 
Note, and any accrued and unpaid interest on a Note that has not been previously 
cancelled or otherwise is no longer due. 
(b) 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
For these purposes, the "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is any power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
Luxembourg, whether relating to (i) the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended 
from time to time, the "BRRD"), including without limitation pursuant to the 
Luxembourg act of 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms (as amended from time to time, the "18 December 2015 Act"), (ii) 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of

--- Page 233 ---
233 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (as amended from time to time, 
the "Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation"), or (iii) any other laws, regulations, 
rules or requirements arising under Luxembourg law, and in each case the 
instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations 
of a Regulated Entity (as defined below) (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can 
be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise 
modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) can be converted (in whole or in part) into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in 
connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution 
or otherwise. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" in respect of any entity incorporated or 
established in Luxembourg, is to any institution or entity referred to in points (1), (2), 
(3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the 18 December 2015 Act. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Luxembourg financial 
sector supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), 
acting in its capacity, as resolution authority (Conseil de résolution), the Single 
Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise 
against the Issuer of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power from time to time 
(including the European Central Bank, the Council of the European Union and the 
European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation). 
(c) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or 
payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would 
be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in 
Luxembourg and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its 
group. 
(d) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, 
the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another 
person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes will be an Event of Default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a 
contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to any remedies (including equitable 
remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
(e) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. The Issuer will also 
deliver a copy of such notice to the Agent for information purposes, although the

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the Notes described in Condition 22(a) 
and 22(b) above. 
(f) 
Duties of the Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each Noteholder (including each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Agent shall not be required 
to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose 
no duties upon the Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the 
Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding 
(for example, if the exercise of the Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down 
of the principal of the Notes), then the Agent's duties under the Agency Agreement 
shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following such completion to the 
extent that the Issuer and the Agent shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the 
Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Prorating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Agent is otherwise 
instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-
off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 22 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters 
to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between 
the Issuer and any holder of a Note.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
This section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LUXEMBOURG NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes (the "Luxembourg Notes") which will 
be applicable to each Luxembourg Note. Each Luxembourg Note, whether in definitive or global form, will 
have endorsed, and incorporated by reference into, thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Luxembourg Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall complete or (in the case of Exempt Securities only), to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, modify, supplement or replace the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Luxembourg Note whether in definitive or global form. 
Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt Notes" and "Form of Pricing Supplement 
for Exempt Notes" above for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms 
are to apply in relation to the relevant Luxembourg Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by BGL BNP Paribas ("BGL" and the "Issuer") 
either directly or, (in the case of Exempt Notes only) if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
acting through a specified branch (the "Specified Branch"), pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
 
in relation to any Notes in bearer form represented by a temporary global Note in CGN form or in 
NGN form or permanent global Note in CGN form or in NGN form (in each case as defined below) 
(each a "Global Note"), units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
 
definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note; and 
 
any Global Note. 
Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or a depositary for any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together the "ICSDs"). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) also have the benefit of an 
amended and restated Agency Agreement dated on or about 28 July 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities 
Services, Luxembourg Branch (or, from and including the Merger Date, BNP Paribas, Succursale de 
Luxembourg) as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank in relation to all Notes (the "Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and the other parties specified therein to be paying agents 
(together, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
BNP Paribas ("BNPP") and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup 
reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas Securities 
Services SCA, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which is 
governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (the "Intragroup 
Merger"). The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or such other date as shall be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (the "Merger Date").

--- Page 236 ---
236 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below)) attached to or endorsed on this Note 
which complete or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) supplement these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions" which term shall include one or more of the schedules to these terms and conditions containing 
additional terms and conditions relating to (i) payouts (as set out at Schedule 1 (the "Payout Conditions")), 
(ii) inflation index-linked notes (as set out at Schedule 2 (the "Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions")), 
(iii) foreign exchange (FX) rate-linked notes (as set out at Schedule 3 (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Conditions")) or (iv) underlying interest rate-linked notes (as set out at Schedule 4 (the "Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Conditions"))) or (v) equity index-linked notes (as set out at Schedule 5 (the "Equity 
Index-Linked Conditions")) and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (a) a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area, or (b) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (a) the European Economic Area or (b) the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"), as the case may be (an "Exempt Note"), may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace 
or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" or 
"relevant Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in these terms and conditions to "relevant Final 
Terms" or "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "relevant Pricing Supplement" 
or "applicable Pricing Supplement", as the case may be, where relevant. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons ("Coupons") and in the case of Notes which when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 
interest payments remaining talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons 
or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for 
the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to "Noteholders" or "holders" shall mean the bearer of the Notes and shall, in relation 
to Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
"Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall 
mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the 
Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the issue date, the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies 
of the applicable Final Terms will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com).  Copies 
of Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement as the case may be) are also available at https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-
documents/produits-derives.html, save that, if this Note is neither listed or admitted to trading on a stock 
exchange or quotation system nor offered in (a) the European Economic Area or (b) the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, or the FSMA, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder 
holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the relevant Paying Agent as to their identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and

--- Page 237 ---
237 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the "Specified Currency") and the denomination (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Note, an Equity Index-Linked Interest Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Note, an Equity Index-Linked Interest Note a 
Variable Interest Rate Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis as shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be redeemable at par or at such other amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Inflation Index-Linked Redemption Note, a Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption Note, an Equity Index-Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment 
Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be an Inflation Index-Linked Redemption Note, a 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Redemption Note, an Equity Index-Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment Note, a Dual Currency 
Note, a Partly Paid Note, a Variable Redemption Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes or do not 
otherwise bear interest in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer 
and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
A Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes either (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) either (i) only (a) upon the happening of any of the events defined in Condition 
9 as "Events of Default," or (b) if either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so and no

--- Page 238 ---
238 
alternative clearing system is available, or (ii) if the Issuer so elects. Any physical delivery of 
Definitive Notes will be made outside Belgium. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Interests in a Global Note will, so long as the Global Note is held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Under Luxembourg law, owners of interests in a Global Note governed by Luxembourg law will, 
subject to proof of ownership of such interest, be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
either individually or, following the appointment of a Noteholder's representative, collectively 
through such representative, pursuant to articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act of 10 
August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system as may be approved by 
the Issuer, the Agent and, if the Notes are intended to be listed and admitted to trading, recognised by 
the relevant stock exchange. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts 
and Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer present and future (other than indebtedness or monetary obligations 
preferred by mandatory provisions of law). 
3. 
REDENOMINATION 
3.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the Agent, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the 
notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the nominal amount 
of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, 
provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that the then market 
practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of internationally offered securities is 
different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended 
so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and admitted to trading and the 
Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (d) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment 
shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if Definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 
100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such 
smaller denominations as the Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as 
the Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement euro-
denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on that date 
although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of 
the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange 
for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as 
the Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No 
Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or 
interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro 
account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest 
Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, (half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount; and 
(g) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after consultation 
with the Agent and as may be specified in the notice or (in respect of Exempt Notes) set out 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, to conform them to conventions then applicable to 
instruments denominated in euro

--- Page 240 ---
240 
3.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions will have the following meanings: 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the 
Treaty; 
"euro" means the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer 
in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 3.1 above and which falls on or after the 
date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes ("Fixed Rate 
Notes"), Floating Rate Notes ("Floating Rate Notes"), Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes 
("Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes"), Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes 
("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes"), Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes ("Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes") and/or Equity Index-Linked Interest 
Notes ("Equity Index Linked-Interest Notes"), do not accrue interest ("Non-Interest Bearing") or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Notes ("Variable Interest Rate Notes") or 
whether a different interest basis applies. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which 
interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount and the Day 
Count Fraction. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, if it 
is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from and including the Interest Commencement Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of each Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
Except where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of a Fixed Interest Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction (as defined in Condition 4.2(d)).  The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, (half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
In these Conditions: 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity Index 
Linked-Interest Notes and Variable Interest Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity 
Index Linked-Interest Notes and/or Variable Interest Rate Notes. 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4.2 for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, 
whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin and the Day Count 
Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms 
will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Where an entity other than the Agent will calculate the amount of interest due, references in this 
Condition 4.2 to the Agent shall be deemed to be references to such other entity, where applicable. 
In respect of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of the relevant rate of 
interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4.2 and any additional terms and 
conditions specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for full information on the manner in 
which interest is calculated on Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or Equity Index-Linked 
Interest Notes. 
In the case of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, among 
other things, the relevant Index and Index Sponsor, any Related Bond, relevant Determination Dates, 
provisions relating in determination of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount, relevant Interest 
Payment Dates, the Day Count Fraction and the Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set 
out, among other things, the relevant Base Currency, any Subject Currencies, any applicable 
Weighting, provisions relating in determination of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount, 
relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count Fraction and the Business Day Convention.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
In the case of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, 
among other things, the Underlying Interest Determination Dates, whether ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the determination of the underlying interest rate and, (a) where 
ISDA Determination applies the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date 
or (b) where Screen Rate Determination applies, the Underlying Reference Rate, the Specified Time 
(Underlying) and the Relevant Screen Page, and, in either case, provisions relating in determination 
of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count 
Fraction and the Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Equity Index-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, among other 
things, the relevant Index, Index Currency, Screen Page, Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor, any 
applicable Weighting, provisions relating to determination of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count Fraction and the Business Day Convention. 
Variable Interest Rate Notes will be issued as Exempt Notes only, the terms of which will be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Note, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Note, Equity Index Linked-Interest Notes and 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount (or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in each year as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each interest period (an "Interest Period", which expression 
shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) or 
the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest or Rate payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes, Inflation 
Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity Index Linked-Interest Notes and, in the case of Exempt Notes only, 
Variable Interest Rate Notes, will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and ISDA Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest or Rate is 
to be determined, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will 
be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of this Condition 
4.2(b)(i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest

--- Page 243 ---
243 
rate swap transaction if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "ISDA Definitions") and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(i), "Floating Rate" for a swap transaction, "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
EURIBOR 
I. 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as "Applicable: IBOR" in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation; or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at the Specified Time indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR) (or, in the case of any other Reference Rate, the time specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) (the "Screen Page Reference Rate") on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
II. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of sub-Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(A)I.1 above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
sub-Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A)I.2 above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, except as provided 
in sub-Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A)III below, the Calculation Agent (and with the 
assistance of the Issuer, if required), shall request each of the Reference Banks

--- Page 244 ---
244 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event that two or more quotations are identical, 
one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event that two or more quotations 
are identical, one of the lowest), plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest or Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used (in the case of Exempt 
Notes only)) plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the Rate of Interest or the Rate, 
as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Period shall be the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used (in the case of Exempt Notes only)) plus or 
minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, shall be equal to the Last Reference Rate 
on the Relevant Screen Page plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent except that if the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate or the occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event, then the Reference Rate will be determined 
in accordance with paragraph III below. 
III. 
If (i) the Issuer (where the Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined by the 
Agent), or (ii) otherwise, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines at

--- Page 245 ---
245 
any time prior to any Interest Determination Date, that the Screen Page 
Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event has 
occurred, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will use, as a 
substitute for the Screen Page Reference Rate, an alternative reference rate 
determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to be the 
alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working 
group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the Specified Currency (each a 
"Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted 
standards, provided that, if two or more alternative reference rates are selected 
by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. If the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to determine such an 
alternative reference rate (and in the case of the Calculation Agent, has 
notified the Issuer thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business 
Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the 
"Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a 
substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen 
Page Reference Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the 
date of such determination.  If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, of such successor rate to be used by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, has determined a substitute or successor rate in 
accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
1. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also determine the changes (if 
any) required to the applicable Business Day Convention, the 
definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day 
Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, including, where applicable, to reflect any increased 
costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the Replacement 
Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
2. 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed 
to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in 1 above; 
3. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
where relevant, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Reference

--- Page 246 ---
246 
Rate, and the details described in 1 above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and 
4. 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Agent and, where relevant, the Calculation Agent 
of the Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in 1 
above as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event no later than 
5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable 
Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement 
Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate 
or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall appoint or re-appoint a 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may 
not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent or 
the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement 
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in 
an identical manner as described in this paragraph III. If the Replacement 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will 
remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-
dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
(ii) the Issuer, (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, or (iv) 
such other entity that the Issuer in its sole discretion determines to be 
competent to carry out such role. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to Condition 6.12, the provisions of this Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(A)III will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all 
provisions referred to in) this Condition 4.2(b), the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Reference Rate Determination Agent (as applicable) may make 
all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the 
Notes as are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such 
Reference Rate Fallback Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event or any 
related events or circumstances, as applicable, may have occurred before the 
Issue Date of the Notes.  
For the purposes these Conditions, "Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, 
in relation to any Screen Page Reference Rate the occurrence of any of the 
following, as determined by the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 247 ---
247 
(i) 
the Screen Page Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be 
published for a period of at least six (6) consecutive Business Days 
or having been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information 
(provided that, at the time of any such event, there is no successor 
administrator that will provide the Screen Page Reference Rate) by 
or on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Screen Page Reference 
Rate, or (ii) the supervisor, insolvency official, resolution authority, 
central bank or competent court having jurisdiction over such 
administrator stating that (x) the administrator has ceased or will 
cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, (y) the Screen Page Reference Rate, has been or will 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, or (z) the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, has been or will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided 
that, if such public statement or publication mentions that the event 
or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will occur on a 
date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the Reference Rate Fallback Event shall be 
deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement); 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable), become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Screen Page Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under BMR, if applicable); or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information that 
any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the Screen Page Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Screen Page Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or 
has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each 
case with the effect that the use of the Screen Page Reference Rate, 
is not or will not be permitted under any applicable law or regulation, 
such that the Agent or the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Screen Page Reference Rate, is 
unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
A change in the methodology of the Screen Page Reference Rate, shall not, 
absent the occurrence of one of the above, be deemed a Reference Rate 
Fallback Event. 
(B) 
SONIA 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as "Applicable: SONIA" in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in

--- Page 248 ---
248 
accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(B)I or 4.2(b)(ii)(B)II below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(B)IV. 
I. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, 
for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
II. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, 
for each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
III. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏(1 +
SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period; 
"do" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period where 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 249 ---
249 
the number of London Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such London Business Day i up to (but excluding) 
the following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p London Business Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the 
date which is p London Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
"SONIA i" means: 
(i) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD in respect of the 
relevant London Business Day i; or 
(ii) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a Reference 
Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(B) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for 
the relevant Interest Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(i) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in 
respect of the London Business Day falling p London Business Days 
prior to such London Business Day i ("pLBD"); or 
(ii) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in 
respect of such London Business Day i. 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Business Day, as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Business Day immediately following 
such London Business Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means:

--- Page 250 ---
250 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by the 
number of calendar days during such Observation Lookback Period. 
For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; or 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, 
for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out 
Period for the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such 
calendar day will be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of 
any calendar day which is not a London Business Day shall, subject 
to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect 
of the London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day. 
IV. 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
1. 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at the 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days in respect of which SONIA has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business 
Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) 
any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall follow such guidance to determine the SONIA 
Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 251 ---
251 
shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relation to the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (subject to the application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes only, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR or SONIA, the 
Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest 
or Rate, as the case may be, for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest, Rate and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, or the 
Calculation Agent, in the case of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity Index Linked-Interest 
Notes and/or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Notes, or any other party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) will at, or as soon as 
practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest and/or Rate is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest and/or Rate, as the case may be for the relevant Interest Period. In the case of 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity Index Linked-Interest Notes and/or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Notes, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Equity 
Index Linked-Interest Notes and/or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Notes, 
in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each such Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum

--- Page 252 ---
252 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, (half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(2) 
the actually number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
where: 
"Regular Period" means: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls; and 
(C) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at 
the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 253 ---
253 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30×(M2 – M1)] + (D2 –  D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and/or the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
(except that if the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Agent 
and/or the party responsible for calculating the Interest Amount(s) shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination) for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any relevant stock exchange and/or 
quotation system on which the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day (where the expression "Luxembourg 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business and settle payments in Luxembourg) after such determination. To the 
extent required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or Equity Index Linked-Interest Notes are for the 
time being listed and admitted to trading, the Issuer will also make available to Noteholders on request 
the Rate of Interest, Rate, Interest Amount, Interest Period and Interest Payment Date relating to each 
Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will, to the extent 
required by the rules of the relevant stock exchanges, be promptly notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes and/or Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes are for the 
time being listed and admitted to trading and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2, whether 
by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Exempt Notes 
This Condition applies to Exempt Notes only. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes, including but not limited to Variable Interest Rate Notes, shall be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes

--- Page 255 ---
255 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue in accordance with this Condition 4 on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and 
otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
4.4 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless such Note is redeemed early. If 
such Note is redeemed early (a) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is 
applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for redemption or (b) if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in 
respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to the due date for 
redemption of such Note. If, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
4.5 
General provisions applicable to interest 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month on which an Interest Payment Date should occur, 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii), the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis, or (ii), in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in

--- Page 256 ---
256 
any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any 
Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen 
to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or 
at the option of the payee by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne or Wellington 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (a) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7 (Taxation) (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") ("871(m) Withholding") and (c) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. In addition, and if the Notes 
are deemed to be Specified Notes for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code in determining the 
amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, 
or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent.  
In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may withhold, and the holder may 
be deemed to receive, 30 per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" payments (as defined in Section 
871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
5.2 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement of Definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of Coupons, in each case to or 
to the order of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any), other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will 
be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of the relevant Note. Each Receipt must be 
presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Note to which it 
appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any Definitive Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Dual Currency Notes or Long Maturity Notes (as 
defined below) and save as provided in Condition 5.4 below), should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose 
include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Inflation Index-Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note, Equity Index Linked-Interest Note, Long 
Maturity Note or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Note or Variable 
Redemption Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a 
Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue has a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease

--- Page 258 ---
258 
to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Definitive Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant Definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note (against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of such Global Note if the Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) to 
or to the order of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made, (a) in the case of a Global Note in CGN form be made on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and (b) in the case of a Global Note in 
NGN form, in the records of the relevant ICSD upon the instruction of the Paying Agent to which it 
was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
5.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons 
and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as 
the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial bearer of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of this Note is 
payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of this Note 
will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is (subject to Condition 8): 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) in the case of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; and (ii) any 
Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand Dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington respectively) 
or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
5.7 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
5.8 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
If the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, FX 
Settlement Disruption will apply, and: 
(a) 
If, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the Calculation Agent 
(in its sole and absolute discretion) determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred and is subsisting, the Issuer shall give notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter and, in any event, prior to the relevant Disrupted Payment Date.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
(b) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed to (i) the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date 
falling thirty (30) calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the 
relevant Disrupted Amount (the "FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount, less 
FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of (A)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the 
relevant Disrupted Amount in the relevant Specified Currency, the Issuer will, subject 
to sub-paragraph (c) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate 
for the relevant Disrupted Payment Date) and will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount, 
less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the FX Settlement Disruption 
Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date. 
(c) 
If sub-paragraph (b)(A)(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Settlement 
Disruption Exchange Rate in its sole and absolute discretion in accordance with the following 
procedures: 
(A) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Specified 
Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates provided by two or 
more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) on such day; or 
(B) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer 
Specified Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates on such day, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate 
in its discretion. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement 
of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 5.8, and no additional interest will be paid 
in respect of any postponement of the date for payment. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition 5.8 shall prevent the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent from determining that an Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, the provisions of Inflation 
Index-Linked Note Condition 3.7 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 6, 
as applicable, shall prevail in the event of any conflict between such Conditions and this 
Condition 5.8. 
(f) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if any) (each a "Disrupted Amount"); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means USD;

--- Page 261 ---
261 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, 
impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted Amount in the Specified Currency on the 
scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the Specified 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX Settlement Disruption Currency, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Notes and (ii) any transaction, settlement or 
other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event or 
the related payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos ("ARS"), 
Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini Dinars 
("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss 
Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Czech Korun ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Great 
British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanaian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kunas 
("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic 
Krónur ("ISK"), Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), 
Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds ("LBP"), Moroccan 
Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits 
("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New 
Zealand Dollars ("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine Pesos 
("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei ("RON"), Russian Roubles 
("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kroner ("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai Baht 
("THB"), Tunisian Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY") and South African Rand ("ZAR"). 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. The 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note will be an amount in the relevant Specified 
Currency equal to (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Redemption Percentage, or (ii) 
the Final Payout, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the product 
of the Final Payout is zero, no amount will be payable on redemption of the Note. 
"Final Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes will be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note, an Equity Index-Linked Note nor, in the case 
of Exempt Notes only, a Variable Interest Rate Note or a Variable Redemption Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Note, a Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note, an Equity Index-Linked 
Note or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, a Variable Interest Rate Note or a Variable Redemption 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice to the 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 262 ---
262 
(a) 
on the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any 
political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, a Tax Jurisdiction having power to tax, or 
any change in the application of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to redeem have 
occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 6.3 applies to Notes which are specified to be subject to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer in the applicable Issue Terms, such option being referred to 
as an Issuer Call.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum early redemption amount and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the applicable Optional Redemption Date fixed for redemption), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Early Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum Early Redemption Amount specified in, 
or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms.  The Optional Redemption 
Amount will be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
"Selection Date").

--- Page 263 ---
263 
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 7 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by 
Definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed 
Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of Definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that, if necessary, 
appropriate adjustments shall be made to such nominal amounts to ensure that each represents an 
integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In the event of any such redemption, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be notified of such 
redemption by the Issuer. 
6.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.4 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry 
of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part) such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
If the relevant Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of the relevant 
Note, the holder of such Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at 
any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition accompanied by the relevant Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that the relevant Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under 
its control. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of a 
Note, the holder of the relevant Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any common depositary or common safekeeper for them, as the case may be, to the Agent by 
electronic means), in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
6.5 
Redemption for illegality 
In the case of Inflation Index-Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Notes and, in the case of Exempt Notes only, Variable Interest Rate Notes or 
Variable Redemption Notes, and unless, in the case of Exempt Notes only, otherwise specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time on such date as the Issuer may notify to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 if the Issuer determines that the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
Notes has become unlawful under any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
6.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs 6.2 and 6.5 above, 6.12 below and Condition 9, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows or as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms or the applicable Schedule: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note other than a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Index-Linked Note, a Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note, an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note, an Equity Index-
Linked Note or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, a Variable Interest Rate Note or a Variable 
Redemption Note, at the percentage of its nominal amount specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final Terms, at 100 per cent. of 
its nominal amount; 
(b) 
in the case of an Inflation Index-Linked Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note, 
an Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, a Variable 
Interest Rate Note or a Variable Redemption Note at its Early Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, which may be a specified percentage of its nominal amount or, 
if Market Value less Costs is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its fair market value 
(as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent) as at the date of such early redemption less 
the costs to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related hedging arrangements, provided 
that, if no Early Redemption Amount is specified, the Early Redemption Amount will be 
Market Value less Costs; and 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is the Day Count Fraction specified for such Zero Coupon Note in the applicable Final 
Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number 
of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the

--- Page 265 ---
265 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 365); 
(d) 
or, in the case of any of (a) to (c) above, if such Note is an Exempt Note, at such other amount 
as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.7 
Instalment Notes 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the case 
of early redemption of an Instalment Note, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant 
to paragraph 6.6 above. 
6.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
This sub-Condition applies to Exempt Notes only. 
(a) 
Variable Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of a Variable Redemption Note or a Dual Currency Note and, in the case of a Variable 
Redemption Note, any other relevant terms may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes of Condition 6.2, Dual Currency Notes may 
be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must 
be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes (to the extent permitted by law) may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 6.1 above (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused by the Issuer or its Agent, the amount due

--- Page 266 ---
266 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
paragraph 6.6(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the due 
date or when paid to the Agent. 
6.12 
Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may (at its option and in its sole and absolute discretion): 
(a) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as it may determine appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for the 
relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of 
one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates, (b) be determined by reference 
to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance in relation to any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and 
making related adjustments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including where 
applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the successor 
benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for 
allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(b) 
having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), on expiry of such notice redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes, each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.6 together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of 
any adjustment(s) made pursuant to paragraph (a) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
Notes.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an 
event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine 
which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.12: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; 
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer, the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under 
the Notes; or 
(iii) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in connection 
with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer, the Agent or the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result 
of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any

--- Page 267 ---
267 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not 
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such 
licence). 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and 
where any amount payable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined, in whole or in 
part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, and unless the provisions of this Condition 7 are specified 
not to apply in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may 
be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment to, or to a third party on behalf, of a holder who is liable for such taxes 
or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of their having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6); or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to (i) an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or 
(ii) Section 871(m) of the Code; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the Luxembourg act of 23 
December 2005 (as amended). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the jurisdiction in which the 
Specified Branch (if any) is located (in the case of Exempt Notes only) or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction

--- Page 268 ---
268 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 
10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer securities, as 
amended (the "Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996") requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition 
has been filed in relation to lost or stolen Notes, Receipts and Coupons and (ii) the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 
1996), any amount that is payable under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons, but has not yet been paid 
to the Noteholders or Couponholders, must be paid to the Caisse de Consignations in Luxembourg 
until the opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons occurs. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note 
may give written notice to the Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6.6), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentation, demand, protest or other notice of any kind: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or 7 days (in the case of 
principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes; 
or 
(b) 
the Issuer defaults in performance or observance of, or compliance with, any of its other 
obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or which, if capable of remedy, 
is not remedied within 21 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Agent 
at its specified office by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer and is not stayed 
or discharged within 21 days; or 
(d) 
any present or future mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance on or over all or a 
material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer becomes enforceable and any 
step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar person) and such enforcement or step is not stayed or 
discharged within 21 days; or

--- Page 269 ---
269 
(e) 
(i) if any judgment has been rendered by any competent court for the liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) or the opening of a regime of suspension of payment (sursis de paiement) of the 
Issuer; or (ii) if the Issuer makes or enters into a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or (iii) if an effective voluntary resolution 
is passed for the dissolution (dissolution) and liquidation (liquidation) of the Issuer (in each 
case save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or similar 
arrangement upon which all the assets of the Issuer are transferred to and all its debts and 
liabilities assumed by the continuing entity or entity formed as a result of such merger or 
reorganisation); or 
(f) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on business (except for the purpose of any amalgamation, merger or 
other reorganisation under which the continuing or successor corporation has assumed all of 
the assets and business undertakings of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 16 and has expressly 
and effectively assumed the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent in Luxembourg in accordance with any applicable legal 
requirements and upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, exchanged for further coupons, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon 
or further coupons as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names 
of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of any 
relevant stock exchange (or other relevant authority); and 
(b) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agent shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof 
shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment

--- Page 270 ---
270 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
Notes in global form 
So long as any Tranche of Notes is represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, notices to Holders of Notes of that Tranche will, save where another means 
of effective communication has been specified herein or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be validly given if given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to the clearing system for communication by it to Noteholders in respect of the relevant Notes. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. If such delivery is not practicable, notices will be deemed to be validly 
given if published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
13.2 
Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
So long as any Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system, notices to Holders of Notes of such Notes will, save where another 
means of effective communication has been specified herein or in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed 
to be validly given if: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (so long as such Notes are admitted to listing on the official list and to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and any applicable laws, rules or regulations so require), 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu), and/or in such other manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules 
and regulations from time to time; and/or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if published in such manner as may be 
required by the applicable laws, rules and regulations of that competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotable system from time to time, including publication on the website of 
the relevant competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system, if required by such 
laws, rules or regulations. 
13.3 
In any other cases 
Where both Condition 13.1 and Condition 13.2 are inapplicable, notices will, save where another 
means of effective communication has been specified herein or in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed 
to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the United 
Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or, if such publication is not practicable, if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
13.4 
General 
For the avoidance of doubt, where both Condition 13.1 and Condition 13.2 apply, notices must be 
given in the manner specified in Condition 13.1 and Condition 13.2 in order to be deemed to be validly 
given.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
Notices to Holders of Notes of any Exempt Notes may, at the sole discretion of the Issuer and solely 
for informational purposes, also be published on the website of the Issuer and/or of any other entity 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose. 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the date and time of such notification (or, if 
required to be notified in more than one manner, on the first date on which notification shall have been 
made in all required manners). 
Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice validly 
given to Holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
13.5 
Notices by Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Definitive Note) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
Noteholders will belong to a masse (the "Masse") created, among other things, for the representation 
of their common interests pursuant to the provisions of the Luxembourg act of 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle 
qu'elle a été modifiée) (the "Luxembourg Company Act"). The following is a summary of the 
relevant provisions of the Luxembourg Company Act. A general meeting of the Noteholders (the 
"Masse Meeting") or a court order may appoint and determine the powers of one or more 
representatives (the "Representatives"). Where Representatives have been appointed, Noteholders 
may no longer individually exercise their rights against the Issuer. A Masse Meeting may be called at 
any time by the Representatives (if any), the Board of Directors of the Issuer, or the auditors of the 
Issuer. The Representatives or the auditors of the Issuer, provided an advance on expenses has been 
paid to them by the Issuer, or the Board of Directors of the Issuer must convene a Masse Meeting if 
called upon to do so by the Noteholders representing 5 per cent. or more of the Notes outstanding. 
Meetings of Noteholders will be convened by notices published at least fifteen days prior to the 
meeting in RESA, Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations and in one newspaper published 
in Luxembourg. All Masse Meetings shall be held at the place specified in the notice calling the 
meeting. All Noteholders have the right to attend and vote at a Masse Meeting either personally or by 
proxy. Each voter shall have, on a show of hands one vote, and on a poll, one vote in respect of each 
unit of currency relating to the nominal amount of Notes represented or held by him. A Masse Meeting 
may be called to approve certain changes in the rights of the Noteholders and may, generally, 
determine any measures designed to ensure the defence of interests or the exercise of the rights of the 
Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Luxembourg Company Act. A Masse Meeting 
may deliberate validly without a quorum and by a vote of a simple majority of Noteholders attending 
or represented at such Masse Meeting on the appointment and revocation of the Representatives, the 
revocation of special representatives appointed by the Issuer and the approval of any measures of a 
conservatory nature in the general interests of the Noteholders. On all other matters a Masse Meeting 
may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at least 50 
per cent. of the Notes then outstanding. The Board of Directors of the Issuer or Noteholders 
representing 10 per cent. of the Notes then outstanding may require the adjournment of the meeting 
for four weeks. A new meeting must be called for by convening notices to be published at least 15 
days before the second meeting in one newspaper published in Luxembourg and in the Mémorial. On 
the second convocation no quorum is required. Decisions at such meetings shall be taken by a majority 
of 66 2/3 per cent. of the votes cast by Noteholders attending such meetings or represented thereat.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interest of the 
Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may initiate proceedings 
against the Issuer based on article 470-21 of the Luxembourg Company Act. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the issue date, the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
SUBSTITUTION 
Subject to the provisions of this Condition, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, by subscribing to 
or purchasing any Notes or Coupons, expressly consent to the Issuer, or any previously substituted 
company, at any time, but where applicable, with the prior authorisation of the CSSF, substituting for 
itself as principal debtor under any Series of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons any 
subsidiary branch or affiliate of the Issuer or the successor company of the Issuer or jointly and 
severally one or more companies to whom the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business 
undertakings (in each case the "Substitute"), provided that no payment in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue, no steps have been taken to admit the Issuer 
to a regime of suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) and (except in the case of a solvent 
reorganisation or amalgamation) no judgment has been rendered or an effective voluntary resolution 
has been passed for the dissolution and liquidation of the Issuer. Such substitution effected in 
accordance with this Condition 16 will release the Issuer or any previous substituted company from 
any and all further obligations in respect of the Notes and the Noteholders and Couponholders 
expressly consent hereto. The substitution shall be made by a written undertaking (the "Undertaking") 
to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement and may take place only if: 
(a) 
the Substitute, by means of the Undertaking, agrees to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment, withholding, deduction or governmental 
charge which is imposed on it by (or by any taxing authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation 
(and, if applicable, the jurisdiction of any Guarantor (as set out under (b) below) with respect 
to any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or by the country in which any Noteholder or 
Couponholder resides and which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not 
been made, as well as against any tax, duty assessment or governmental charge, and any cost 
or expense, relating to the substitution;

--- Page 273 ---
273 
(b) 
unless the Substitute is the successor company of the Issuer or one or more companies to 
whom the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business undertakings each of whom are 
to be jointly and severally liable as principal debtor, the obligations of the Substitute under 
the Undertaking, the Notes and the Coupons are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by the Issuer or its successor or each of the companies to whom together the Issuer has 
transferred all of its assets and business undertakings (each a "Guarantor") by means of a 
guarantee substantially in the form contained in the Undertaking (the "Guarantee"); 
(c) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Undertaking, the Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute and, in the case of the Guarantee, of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect; 
(d) 
the Substitute has become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(e) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders have been delivered to them (care of the Agent) 
from a lawyer or a firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction 
referred to in (a) above and in Luxembourg that the Undertaking, the Notes (and, where 
applicable, the Receipts, Coupons and Talons) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Guarantee, of the Guarantor(s); 
(f) 
the substitution does not affect adversely any rating of the Notes by Moody's, S&P and Fitch 
(as applicable) or, if any such rating agency has ceased to exist at the relevant time, any two 
existing internationally recognised rating agencies; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
stating that copies of all documents (in final form) in relation to the substitution which are 
referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
References in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under 
the Undertaking and, where the Undertaking contains a Guarantee, the events listed in Condition 9 
shall be deemed to include such Guarantee not being (or being claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in 
full force and effect. In addition, the Guarantee shall contain events of default in respect of the Notes 
in the same or analogous terms as Condition 9 relating to the Guarantor (except that references in 
Condition 9(a) to failure to pay principal and interest on the Notes shall be a reference to failure to pay 
under the Guarantee). 
References to "outstanding" in relation to Notes of any Series shall, on a substitution of the Issuer 
where the Guarantor guarantees the Notes, not include Notes held by the Guarantor and its subsidiaries 
for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Noteholders and 
(ii) the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Condition 14. 
In the event of any such substitution, the Issuer shall notify the CSSF and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and prepare, or procure the preparation of, a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
17. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an

--- Page 274 ---
274 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made 
in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Agent, 
against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such 
purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase 
the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or 
in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
18. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) 
all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
The Luxembourg Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons relating to the Luxembourg Notes 
and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by 
Luxembourg law. 
19.2 
The Agency Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law. 
19.3 
(a) 
With regard to the Luxembourg Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to the 
Luxembourg Notes, subject to Condition 19.3(c) below, the courts of Luxembourg, the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Luxembourg Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons relating to 
the Luxembourg Notes (including any dispute as to their existence, validity interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity) (a "Dispute") and 
accordingly each of the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders, the Couponholders and 
the Talonholders in relation to any Dispute submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts 
of Luxemburg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.3, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of 
Luxemburg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law the Noteholders, Receiptholders, Couponholders and 
Talonholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes take (i) proceedings in any other 
court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20. 
RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION 
(a) 
Acknowledgement

--- Page 275 ---
275 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 20, 
includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as 
defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below); 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue 
to the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, 
in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the 
Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give 
effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are the amounts payable on redemption of a Note, 
and any accrued and unpaid interest on a Note that has not been previously cancelled or 
otherwise is no longer due. 
(b) 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
For these purposes, the "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is any power existing from time 
to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, whether 
relating to (i) the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, the "BRRD"), including 
without limitation pursuant to Luxembourg act of 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms (as amended from time to time, the "18 December 
2015 Act"), (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund (as amended from time to time, the "Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation"), or (iii) any other laws, regulations, rules or requirements arising 
under Luxembourg law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) (as defined below) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, 
suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated 
Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with 
the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or otherwise.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" in respect of any entity incorporated or established in 
Luxembourg, is to any institution or entity referred to in points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 
2(1) of the 18 December 2015 Act. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Luxembourg financial sector 
supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), acting in its 
capacity, as resolution authority (Conseil de résolution), the Single Resolution Board 
established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise against the Issuer of any Bail-in or 
Loss Absorption Power from time to time (including the European Central bank, the Council 
of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of 
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
(c) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after 
the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is 
scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by the 
Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in Luxembourg and the European Union 
applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
(d) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a 
result of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or 
otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to 
any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
(e) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Agent for information purposes, although the Agent shall not be required to send such notice 
to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in Condition 20(a) and 20(b) above. 
(f) 
Duties of the Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, the Issuer and each Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Agent shall not be required to take any directions from 
Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Agent 
whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if 
the exercise of the Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the

--- Page 277 ---
277 
Notes), then the Agent's duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with 
respect to the Notes following such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Agent shall 
agree pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Prorating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power with 
respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Agent is otherwise instructed by the 
Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made 
in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power will be made on a 
pro-rata basis. 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 20 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the 
exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and 
any holder of a Note.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
SCHEDULE 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
The following terms and conditions (the "Payout Conditions"), subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms, relate to the payouts in respect of the Notes.  In particular, certain sections of the Payout Conditions 
will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Note Conditions") or the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and/or the Payout Conditions 
and (b) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail.  The descriptions of the payouts, interest rates and/or 
related provisions included in italics below do not form part of the Payout Conditions, are included for 
information purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms of the relevant payout or interest rate, as 
applicable. 
1. 
FIXED INCOME INTEREST RATES AND PAYOUTS 
1.1 
Fixed Income Interest Rates 
The following Rate of Interest will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
FI Digital Coupon 
If FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Min (Global Cap A, Max (Global Floor A, (∑Gearing A(i)
n
i=1
× FI Rate A(i)) + Constant A)) ;  or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Min (Global Cap B, Max (Global Floor B, (∑Gearing B(i)
n
i=1
× FI Rate B(i)) + Constant B)) 
Description of the Payout 
A FI Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest at one of 2 specified rates depending 
upon whether or not the specified FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied. The specified rate 
can be (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a fixed percentage (which may be equal to zero) plus a 
floating rate, where the floating rate may be the sum of one or more floating interest rates or 
inflation rates with individual gearings applied. The payout may be subject to a minimum level 
(equal to the Global Floor) or a maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). The Gearing may 
be zero, a negative or a positive number and the fixed percentage may be equal to zero. 
The Digital Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (which 
may be one or more Inflation Index/Indices or one or more Underlying Interest Rates) 
comparative to a barrier level(s) which can be fixed or step up or down. 
(b) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 Min {Global Cap, Max (Global Floor, Min [Local Cap, Max (Local Floor, Global Margin + ∑Gearing(i)× FI Rate(i)
n
i=1
)]  × n N
⁄ )} 
Where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI DC 
Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) the Range Cut-
off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier 
Value on the Range Cut-off Date. 
Description of the Payout 
A Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest on the basis of a rate calculated 
by reference to the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Accrual Period 
where the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied. The interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date is equal to K * n/N, where n is the number of Range Accrual Days in the Range 
Accrual Period on which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied and N is the total 
number of Range Accrual Days in the Range Accrual Period. K can be a fixed percentage or 
a floating rate plus a margin (which may be zero) and is subject to a minimum level (equal to 
the Local Floor) or a maximum level (equal to the Local Cap). The floating rate may be the 
sum of one or more floating interest rates or inflation rates with individual gearings applied. 
The overall rate payable is also subject to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or a 
maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). 
The Range Accrual Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
(which may be one or more Inflation Index/Indices or one or more Underlying Interest Rates) 
comparative to a barrier level(s) which can be fixed or step up or down.  
(c) 
Combination Floater Coupon 
If Combination Floater Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {Global Cap, Max (Global Floor, Min (Local Cap, Max (Local Floor, Global Margin + ∑
Gearingix  FI Ratei
n
i=1
)))} 
Description of the Payout 
A Combination Floater Coupon may be any of the following (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a 
floating rate plus a margin (which can be equal to zero), where the floating rate may be the 
sum of one or more floating interest rates or inflation rates with individual gearings applied 
and where the sum of floating rate and Global Margin is subject to a Local Floor and a Local 
Cap.  The rate payable is subject to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or a maximum 
level (equal to the Global Cap). The Gearing may be zero, negative or positive. 
(d) 
PRDC Coupon 
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 280 ---
280 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) – Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) –  Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) – Coupon Percentage 2)); 
II. 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-
out Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
Where: 
"PRDC Performance" means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as numerator) and 
the Initial Settlement Price (as denominator). 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred. 
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the 
Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified 
time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as 
applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or 
within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will determine 
whether the interest rate will be zero or a percentage that is (subject to a specified minimum 
and/or maximum) equal to a specified percentage multiplied by the performance of the 
Underlying Reference over a specified period and reduced by a specified percentage. 
(e) 
FI Digital Floor Coupon 
If FI Digital Floor Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:

--- Page 281 ---
281 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
III. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
II. 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
III. 
in all other cases: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied.  If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event 
is specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Floor 
Condition is satisfied. 
The FI Digital Floor Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is less than or equal to 
the level specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If applicable, a 
Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period or 
Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the Underlying Reference (which 
will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified time(s) is greater than, greater 
than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as applicable) the level specified in or 
determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or within the Knock-in Range Level or 
Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) the 
FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied will determine whether interest is payable and, if so, 
which specified rate will be used to calculate the interest payable.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
(f) 
FI Digital Cap Coupon 
If FI Digital Cap Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
III. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
II. 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
III. 
in all other cases: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Cap Condition is met.  If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event is 
specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Cap Condition 
is satisfied. 
The FI Digital Cap Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is greater than or equal 
to the level specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If applicable, 
a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination Day or

--- Page 283 ---
283 
Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the Underlying 
Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified time(s) is greater 
than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as applicable) the level 
specified in or determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms or within the Knock-in 
Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) the 
FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied will determine whether interest is payable and, if so, 
which specified rate will be used to calculate the interest payable. 
(g) 
FI Target Coupon 
If FI Target Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event has not occurred, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Target Final 
Interest Period shall be the Final Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption applies and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
does not occur the rate of interest for the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date will be 
the Final Interest Rate. 
The Final Interest Rate may be 
1. 
Capped only – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the final interest period or, if less, the difference between the Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage and the interest already paid; 
2. 
Guaranteed only - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the final interest period or, if greater, the difference between the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid.  If no Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, this Rate of Interest provides a payment at maturity that means the overall sum 
of all interest paid will be at least equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
3. 
Capped and guaranteed - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage less previous interest paid which means that the overall interest paid 
will be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
4. 
Not capped and not guaranteed – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the interest 
calculated for the relevant Interest Period. 
(h) 
FI FX Vanilla Coupon 
If FI FX Vanilla Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Gearing × Option; 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 284 ---
284 
Gearing × Option; 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
Gearing × Option; 
II. 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-
out Event has occurred, 0 (zero). 
Where:  
"Option" means Min (Max (Performance Value, Floor), Cap). 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred. 
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the 
Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified 
time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as 
applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or 
within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will determine 
whether the interest rate will be zero or a percentage reflecting the product of the performance 
of the Underlying Reference over a specified period (which may be subject to a minimum 
and/or a maximum) and a gearing percentage.  
(i) 
FI Digital Plus Coupon 
If FI Digital Plus Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date: 
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing × FI Digital Value)); or 
III. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date: 
Digital Plus Percentage 2; 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 285 ---
285 
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing × FI Digital Value)); or 
II. 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Plus Percentage 2; 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Valuation Date: 
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing × FI Digital Value)); or 
III. 
in all other cases: 
Digital Plus Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied.  If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event 
is specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Plus Condition 
is satisfied. 
The FI Digital Plus Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is greater than the level 
specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If applicable, a Knock-in 
Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period or 
Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the Underlying Reference (which 
will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified time(s) is greater than, greater 
than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as applicable) the level specified in or 
determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or within the Knock-in Range Level or 
Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) the 
FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied will determine whether the interest rate will be zero or 
a specified percentage or the greater of a specified percentage and the product of the 
performance of the Underlying Reference over a specified period and a gearing percentage. 
1.2 
Definitions for Fixed Income Interest Rates 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 286 ---
286 
"Coupon Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date and an Underlying 
Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference; 
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Underlying Reference 1, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying 
Reference for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (A) (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) 
equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the FI Upper Barrier Level and (B) if a FI Lower Barrier Level is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level; and/or 
(b) 
if Underlying Reference 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of Underlying Reference 2, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying Reference for 
the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (A) (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or 
greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI 
Upper Barrier Level and (B) if a FI Lower Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level; 
"FI Interest Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Determination 
Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Interest Valuation Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or each Range Accrual Day; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 287 ---
287 
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means in respect of an Underlying Reference, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means in respect of an Underlying Reference, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(a) 
in respect of Underlying Reference 1, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying 
Reference for the relevant Range Accrual Day is (A)(i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal 
to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (B) if a Range Accrual Coupon 
Barrier Level Up is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) 
equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; and/or 
(b) 
if Underlying Reference 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of Underlying Reference 2, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying Reference for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day is (A)(i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater 
than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (B) if a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater 
than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; 
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date or calendar day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate 
calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date; and 
"YoY Inflation Rate" means [Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i-1)] – 1. 
1.3 
Fixed Income Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable CA (each a "Final Payout") will 
apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
FI FX Vanilla Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI FX Vanilla Notes:

--- Page 288 ---
288 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option); 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option); 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option); 
II. 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-
out Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1. 
Where:  
"Option" means Min (Max (Performance Value, Floor), Cap). 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable the 
final payout will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred. 
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the 
Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified 
time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as 
applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or 
within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will determine 
whether the final payout will be zero or a percentage reflecting the product of the performance 
of the Underlying Reference over a specified period (which may be subject to a minimum 
and/or a maximum) and a gearing percentage.  
(ii) 
FI Inflation Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Inflation Notes: 
Max [100%, Cumulative Inflation Rate] 
Description of the Payout 
The payout comprises an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount 
or, if greater, the total positive inflation accretion from the Strike Date to the FI Redemption 
Valuation Date multiplied by the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
1.4 
Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
(a) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
CA × (100% + Final Interest Rate); 
Description of the Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Notes redeem automatically if the 
cumulative coupon is greater than or equal to a target barrier (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage").  The cumulative coupon is equal to the sum of all previous interest 
paid plus the interest calculated (but not necessarily paid) for the Interest Period during which 
the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
The payout per Note, comprises the Calculation Amount multiplied by 100 per cent. plus the 
Final Interest Rate. 
The Final Interest Rate may be 
1. 
Capped only – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the relevant interest period or, if less, the difference between the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid; 
2. 
Guaranteed only - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the relevant interest period or, if greater, the difference between the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid.  If no Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, this Rate of Interest provides a payment at maturity that means the overall sum 
of all interest paid will be at least equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
3. 
Capped and guaranteed - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage less previous interest paid which means that the overall interest paid 
will be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
4. 
Not capped and not guaranteed – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the interest 
calculated for the relevant Interest Period. 
(b) 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
CA 
Description of the Payout 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Notes redeem automatically if the 
Underlying Reference observed is greater than or equal to the lower barrier (the "Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage Down") or less than or equal to the upper barrier (the 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up").  In this case, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the next Interest Payment Date.  The Underlying Reference (which may be one or more 
Inflation Index/Indices or one or more Underlying Interest Rates) can be observed on 
specified dates or continuously during a period.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
Each Note will redeem at an amount equal to the Calculation Amount and may pay either (i) 
the interest accrued up to the Interest Payment Date on which the Notes are redeemed, (ii) no 
interest or (iii) the interest accrued up to date on which the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurred. 
(c) 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
CA × (100% + (Min (Coupon Cap, Final Coupon Rate) × Final Day Count Fraction)) 
Description of the Payout 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Notes redeem automatically if the 
interest to be paid on an Interest Payment Date is greater than or equal to a target barrier, 
(the "Automatic Early Redemption Percentage").  
The amount payable per Note comprises the Calculation Amount multiplied by 100% plus the 
interest calculated for the relevant Interest Period (which may be capped which means that 
the maximum interest that an investor may receive following an FI Coupon Automatic Early 
Redemption is equal to the Coupon Cap. 
1.5 
Definitions for Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
"Coupon Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base); 
"Final Interest Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable less Paid Coupon; 
(b) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Not Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
product of the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction; 
(c) 
if Capped Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction, Automatic Early Redemption
Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable – Paid Coupon)
 
(d) 
if Guaranteed Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction, Automatic Early Redemption
Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable – Paid Coupon)
 
1.6 
General definitions for Fixed Income Interest Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the highest Performance Value for any Subject 
Currency in the basket in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 291 ---
291 
"Current Interest Period" means the Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or in the case of the calculation of the FI Target Coupon, the Target Final 
Interest Period; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is less 
than or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than the FI Digital Plus Level; 
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value, Worst Value, 
Best Value, Multi-Basket Value or Weighted Average FI Basket Value as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Redemption Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Redemption Valuation Date or an FI Interest Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Weighting" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number, amount or percentage specified 
as such for such Subject Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the Current Interest Period 
or Target Final Interest Period, as applicable (the "Final Interest Period"); 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest Period; 
"Final Settlement Price" means (i) if Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified as

--- Page 292 ---
292 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all 
Averaging Dates; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"G" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the percentage specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date; 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI Valuation Date (or, if none, 
the Strike Date); 
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative Inflation 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multi-Basket Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
∑ ∑Gj*(Wi*Performance Valuei)
n
i=1
m
j=1
 
; 
"Paid Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the 
Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case calculated for such Interest Period 
preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) 
or the Target Final Interest Period (in the case of a Target Determination Date); 
"Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price – Initial Settlement Price;

--- Page 293 ---
293 
(b) 
if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price – Final Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
(Final Settlement Price – Initial Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
 
; 
(d) 
if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(Initial Settlement Price – Final Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
 ; 
(e) 
if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
Initial Settlement Price) – (
1
Final Settlement Price) ; 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
Final Settlement Price)– (
1
Initial Settlement Price) ; 
(g) 
if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(Final Settlement Price – Initial Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
 
; 
(h) 
if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(Initial Settlement Price – Final Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
 ; 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price ; 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price  ; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts, each Inflation Index, 
Subject Currency, Underlying Interest Rate or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes 
relate; 
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date:

--- Page 294 ---
294 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in 
the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions); 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate, 
in each case in respect of such day; 
"W" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FI Weighting for such Subject Currency; 
"Weighted Average FI Basket Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Subject Currency in the basket as (a) the Performance Value for such Subject 
Currency for such FI Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FI Weighting; and 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the lowest Performance Value for any 
Subject Currency in the basket in respect of such FI Valuation Date. 
2. 
SPS INTEREST RATES AND PAYOUTS 
2.1 
SPS Interest Rates 
The following Interest Rate(s) will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
SPS Variable Amount Coupon 
If SPS Variable Amount Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i). 
Description of Interest Rate 
A SPS Variable Amount Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a specified rate for the 
relevant period. 
2.2 
SPS Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable Calculation Amount (each a 
"Final Payout") will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
SPS Vanilla Products 
(i) 
Vanilla Call Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Call Notes: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing(i) * Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage(i), Floor 
Percentage(i)) 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 or, if Gearing is 
negative, no fixed percentage; and 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
(b) 
Indexation Products 
(i) 
Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Down × Option Down 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put or Down Call as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call or Up Put as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); 
and 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject to a maximum 
level; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) through the Option 
Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum 
level above). 
(c) 
Other SPS Products 
(i) 
SPS Securizer Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Securizer Notes: 
(A) 
if the SPS Lock-in Condition has not been satisfied: 
(I) 
and no Knock-in Event has occurred, Constant Percentage 1; or 
(II) 
but a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Redemption Value; or

--- Page 296 ---
296 
(B) 
if the SPS Lock-in Condition has been satisfied, Constant Percentage 2. 
where: 
"SPS Lock-in Condition" means: 
(a) 
where Underlying Reference Closing Price Value is specified as the SPS Lock-in Value in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the SPS Lock-in Value for the Underlying Reference for any SPS 
Lock-in Valuation Date is; or 
(b) 
where Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value is specified as the SPS Lock-in Value in 
the applicable Final Terms, that the SPS Lock-in Value for the Underlying Reference at any 
time on any SPS Lock-in Valuation Date is, 
(A) (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS Lock-in Level and (B) if a SPS Lower Lock-in Level is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less 
than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS Lower Lock-in Level. 
"SPS Lock-in Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SPS Lock-in Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"SPS Lock-in Value" means, in respect of a SPS Lock-in Valuation Date, the value from Payout 
Condition 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SPS Lower Lock-in Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:  
 
if no SPS Lock-in Event has occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred, 100 per cent.; 
or 
 
if no SPS Lock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if a SPS Lock-in Event has occurred, 100 per cent.. 
(ii) 
SPS Capped Twin Win Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Capped Twin Win Notes: 
(A) 
if the SPS Twin Win Value is greater than or equal to the SPS Twin Win Upper Barrier 
Level, Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the SPS Twin Win Value is less than the SPS Twin Win Upper Barrier Level and 
greater than or equal to the SPS Twin Win Lower Barrier Level, the Final Redemption 
Value; or 
(C) 
if the SPS Twin Win Value is less than the SPS Twin Win Lower Barrier Level, and:

--- Page 297 ---
297 
(I) 
a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + [Strike Percentage(i) – Final Redemption Value] 
(II) 
a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Redemption Value 
where: 
"SPS Twin Win Lower Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, 
level or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SPS Twin Win Upper Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, 
level or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SPS Twin Win Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the value from 
Payout Conditions 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:  
 
if the SPS Twin Win Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is greater than or equal 
to the SPS Twin Win Upper Barrier Level, a specified percentage (equal to Constant 
Percentage 1); or 
 
if the SPS Twin Win Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is less than the SPS 
Twin Win Upper Barrier Level and greater than or equal to the SPS Twin Win Lower 
Barrier Level, indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if the Twin Win Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is less than the Twin Win 
Lower Barrier Level and a Knock-out Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage (equal 
to Constant Percentage 2) plus indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
below the Strike Percentage 
 
if the SPS Twin Win Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is less than the SPS 
Twin Win Lower Barrier Level and a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(iii) 
SPS Athena Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Athena Notes: 
(A) 
If SPS Athena Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the SPS Athena Barrier Level: 
100% + Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
If SPS Athena Barrier Value is less than the SPS Athena Barrier Level and no Knock-
in Event has occurred, Constant Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
If SPS Athena Barrier Value is less than the SPS Athena Barrier Level and a Knock-
in Event has occurred, the Final Redemption Value. 
where: 
"SPS Athena Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
"SPS Athena Barrier Value" means, in respect of an SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the value 
from Payout Condition 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:  
 
if the SPS Athena Barrier Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is greater than 
or equal to the SPS Athena Barrier Level, 100% plus a specified percentage (equal to 
Constant Percentage 1); or 
 
if the SPS Athena Barrier Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is less than the 
SPS Athena Barrier Level and no Knock-in Event has occurred, a specified percentage 
(equal to Constant Percentage 2); or 
 
if the SPS Athena Barrier Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is less than the 
SPS Athena Barrier Level and a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) 
2.3 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
(a) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, if SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
CA × (AER Redemption Percentage + AER Exit Rate), 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout, in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Definitions for SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
"AER Exit Rate" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the applicable AER Rate; 
"AER Rate" is as defined in Equity Index Linked Condition 6; 
"AER Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
2.4 
Definitions for SPS Interest Rates 
"Constant Percentage(i)" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date, the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Value(i)" means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate(i)" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date, the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call 
Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Coupon Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 299 ---
299 
"Spread(i)" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Vanilla Call Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) ∗ Max (Coupon Value(i) − Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i), Floor 
Percentage(i)); and 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) ∗ Min(Max (Coupon Value(i) − Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i), 
Floor Percentage(i)); Cap Percentage(i)). 
2.5 
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for SPS Interest Rates and Final Payouts 
(a) 
Basic Value Definitions 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, 
the Closing Level in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Date, the Intraday Level. 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the 
Strike Date. 
(b) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation Date, (a) 
the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such day minus 
(b) 100 per cent.; 
"Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference 
in respect of such SPS Valuation Date divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike 
Price, expressed as a percentage. 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a SPS Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant 
Underlying Reference Strike Price, expressed as a percentage.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
2.6 
Average Values for SPS Interest Rates and Payouts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definition 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
2.7 
Minimum/Maximum Values 
Any value specified in the applicable Final Terms and used in the calculation of any SPS Interest Rate 
and/or Payout or related provision may be subject to a cap of the Maximum Value and/or a floor of 
the Minimum Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.8 
General Definitions for SPS Interest Rates and Final Payouts 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount; 
"Cap Percentage(i)" means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Final Redemption Value" means the value from Payout Conditions 2.5 or 2.6 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value" means the value from Payout Conditions 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(i)" means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing(i)" means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period, the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the relevant SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period; 
"Redemption Payout" means the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Redemption Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date and/or Settlement Price Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 301 ---
301 
"SPS Valuation Date" means each SPS Coupon Valuation Date, SPS Redemption Valuation Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day, Lock-in Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Strike Day or Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Valuation Period" means each SPS Coupon Valuation Period, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period, SPS Redemption Valuation Period or Knock-in Determination Period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of the SPS Payouts and Interest Rates, the Index or 
other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate; 
"Up Final Redemption Value" means the value from Payout Conditions 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Up Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
FORMULAE CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a "Formula Constituent") of any formula (each a "Formula") used in the 
Payout Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be replaced in the 
applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, as applicable for 
such Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Notes, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by deleting 
such Formula Constituent. 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of these 
Payout Conditions may be a positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Unless otherwise specified, the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion 
required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised pursuant to these Payout Conditions will 
be calculated, determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent. 
Any calculation, determination, formation of any opinion or exercise of any discretion by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Notes shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
on the Issuer and the Noteholders.  Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, to the extent permitted by any applicable law, inter alia, decide issues of 
construction and legal interpretation.  In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation 
Agent shall, unless otherwise specified, act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of 
its obligations or its discretion under the Notes shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any 
later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability (to the 
extent permitted by any applicable law) in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or 
forbearance.

--- Page 302 ---
302 
SCHEDULE 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes or Inflation Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes (together, "Inflation Index-Linked Notes") shall comprise either (i) the terms and conditions of the 
Euro Notes (the "Euro Note Conditions") or (ii) the terms and conditions of the Luxembourg Notes (the 
"Luxembourg Note Conditions" and, together with the Euro Note Conditions, the "Note Conditions") and, 
in each case, the additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index-Linked Notes set out below (the 
"Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions") together with any other additional terms and conditions specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Payout Conditions and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  
In the event of any inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and (b) the Inflation Index-Linked Note 
Conditions, the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the Note Conditions and/or the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Delay in Publication 
1.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation Index 
has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to any 
Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer with respect to such Determination Date (the "Substitute Inflation 
Index Level") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation Index-Linked Note 
Condition 3.2 (Substitute Inflation Index Level) below, as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index 
level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
(c) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; and 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
1.2 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition Euro Note 
Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be, of any Substitute Inflation Index 
Level. 
1.3 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations.  The 
Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 
1 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
2. 
Successor Inflation Index 
2.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the 
Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Inflation 
Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" by reference to the corresponding successor 
index determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or 
announce the Inflation Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index 
specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
Inflation Index is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
(c) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (a) or (b) the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index 
should be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses, 
three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the "Successor Inflation Index"; if three responses are received, and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation 
Index"; if fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or if each of the 
responses received state different indices the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate 
alternative index for such affected payment date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor 
Inflation Index"; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Inflation Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have 
occurred. 
2.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Inflation Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Inflation Index-Linked 
Notes.  Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index, the effective date of the Successor 
Inflation Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to Noteholders of the Inflation 
Index-Linked Notes by the Issuer in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note 
Condition 13, as the case may be.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
3. 
Adjustments 
3.1 
Successor Inflation Index 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 
2 (Successor Inflation Index) above, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments 
(without limitation) to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
as the Calculation Agent deems necessary.  The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such 
adjustment in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case 
may be. 
3.2 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with Inflation 
Index-Linked Note Condition 1 (Delay in Publication) above, the Calculation Agent may make any 
adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (a) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined 
in accordance with Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 1 (Delay in Publication) above and/or (b) 
any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes, in each case, as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary.  The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such 
adjustment in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case 
may be. 
3.3 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by the Index 
Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation Index-Linked 
Note Condition 3.6 (Index Modification) below, later revisions to the level for such Reference Month 
will not be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer 
Price Index, the ESP National-Revised Consumer Price Index ("CPI") and the ESP-Harmonised-
Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published or 
announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Determination 
Date will be valid and the revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to 
be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month.  The Issuer shall give notice to 
the Noteholders of any valid revision in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note 
Condition 13, as the case may be. 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in respect of which a 
Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct 
a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a 
result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that 
correction.  The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in 
accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a 
Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the 
Calculation Agent may either (i) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any 
calculation or determination under the Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be 
deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (ii) make any 
adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as it 
deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication of the Relevant Level and/or 
determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of such publication or announcement.  The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any determination in respect of (i) or (ii), together with

--- Page 305 ---
305 
any adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or 
Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be. 
3.4 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency (whether 
relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent determines 
necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment or adjustments to such amount and/or any other relevant 
term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary.  The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note 
Condition 13, as the case may be. 
3.5 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, 
the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may 
make (a) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any adjustments as are 
made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased 
Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or 
(b) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index 
before it was rebased, and in each case the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment(s) to any 
relevant amount payable under the Notes and/or any other term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
may deem necessary.  If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (a) nor (b) above would produce 
a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem each Note on a date notified by the Issuer to 
Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the 
case may be, at its fair market value as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of 
redemption taking into account the rebasing, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any 
related underlying hedging arrangements.  Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the Notes or 
determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note 
Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be. 
3.6 
Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred, the Calculation Agent may (i) if Related Bond is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make any adjustments to the relevant Inflation 
Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
any amount payable under the Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as 
the Calculation Agent deems necessary, or (ii) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, make only those 
adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other term of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for the modified Index to continue as the relevant Inflation Index and to account for the 
economic effect of the Index Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after the Cut-
Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may determine either to ignore 
such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation 
Agent with respect to such Determination Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be 
deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Determination Date such that

--- Page 306 ---
306 
the provisions of paragraph (a) above will apply, or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has 
occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above. 
3.7 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem each Note on the date notified by such Issuer 
to Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the 
case may be, at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of 
redemption taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related 
underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any redemption of the Notes shall be given to Noteholders 
in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be. 
3.8 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may redeem 
each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 
14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be, at its fair market value (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the Index Cancellation, less 
the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice 
of any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance 
with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be. 
4. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial 
authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines in its sole 
and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in the Notes in issue or in holding, 
acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Notes; 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, three Business Days prior to such 
Determination Date, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish or announce the level of the Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of 
the country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which 
falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if

--- Page 307 ---
307 
there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the 
Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation 
Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will 
select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In 
each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds 
issued on or before the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and, if there is more than one 
inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the 
Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the currency 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would incur 
a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for 
two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the relevant Inflation Index and/or the Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and no 
Successor Index exists. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Inflation 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Inflation Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the relevant Inflation Index which as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes is the index 
sponsor in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Inflation Index" or "Inflation Indices" means the index or indices specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 3.5. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index was reported, 
regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant

--- Page 308 ---
308 
Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which 
the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Related Bond 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final 
Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: 
Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time prior to the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) 
the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the 
issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event. 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 2. 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index level 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 1.1.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
SCHEDULE 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes or Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Redemption Notes (together, "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes") shall comprise 
either (i) the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Euro Note Conditions") or (ii) the terms and conditions of 
the Luxembourg Notes (the "Luxembourg Note Conditions" and, together with the Euro Note Conditions, 
the "Note Conditions") and, in each case, the additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Conditions") together 
with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Payout Conditions 
and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between (a) the 
Note Conditions and (b) the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions 
and/or the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Disruption Events 
1.1 
Unless, in the case of Exempt Notes only, otherwise stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies, shall be a Disruption Event: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(d) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or (c); or 
(e) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, any other event specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
1.2 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Euro 
Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be, of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the Disrupted Day would have been an 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, as the case may be. 
2. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date 
(or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by 
the Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole and 
absolute discretion: 
(a) 
apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the consequences of the Disruption 
Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis 
for determining the Settlement Price in respect of a Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging

--- Page 310 ---
310 
Date or a Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source).  The Calculation 
Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either (i), (ii) or (iii) below. 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation 
Agent will determine that the relevant Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as 
the case may be, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day (in the case of any Settlement Price Date) or Valid Date (in the case of 
an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date that is not the Strike Date) unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled Averaging Date 
or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day in which case the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case 
may be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, of 
whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price 
by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a level for the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available 
information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the 
Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or 
Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payment shall be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or 
Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be,; or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the 
Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the 
Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, its nominal 
amount; and/or 
(b) 
notwithstanding any provisions in the Conditions to the contrary, postpone any payment date 
related to such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be provided or announced by the Price 
Source), as the case may be (including, if applicable, the Maturity Date) until the Business

--- Page 311 ---
311 
Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting and no interest or 
other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such postponement. 
3. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency and a Settlement Price Date or Averaging 
Date, and subject to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 2 above, an amount equal 
to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on such 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit 
of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates 
(expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging 
Date of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange 
market (as selected by the Calculation Agent). Provided That if the relevant rate of exchange is derived 
from two or more rates of exchange, the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as provided above acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the basis of each 
such rate of exchange. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
4.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then any payment under the relevant 
Notes which is expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
4.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then any payment under the relevant 
Notes which is expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
4.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event has occurred on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, then, unless Disruption Consequences are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as not applicable, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-
out Event. 
4.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which 
the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies trigger the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a 
Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless Disruption Consequences are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as not applicable, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
4.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.

--- Page 312 ---
312 
"Knock-in Event" means (a) in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is and (b) in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, that the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Subject Currency as the product of (i) 
the value of such Subject Currency as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, in each case (A)(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level, or (B) "within" the Knock-in 
Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 2. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means (a) in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day is or (b) in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Subject Currency as the 
product of (i) the value of such Subject Currency as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, in each case (A)(i) "greater than", 
(ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level, or 
(B) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) 
on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 2. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable

--- Page 313 ---
313 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
(ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Definitions 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the product of the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount 
shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means (a) in case of a single Subject Currency, that the value 
of the Subject Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (b) in the case of a Basket 
of Subject Currencies, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
for each Subject Currency as the product of (i) the value of such Subject Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, in each case (A) "greater than", (B) 
"greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the value, price, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if that is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Disruption Event occurs on that day.  If a Disruption 
Event occurs on that day then the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Settlement Price Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 314 ---
314 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
6. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be.  
If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note 
held by him, which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or the Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or 
Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be. 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial 
authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines in its sole 
and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in maintaining the Notes in issue or in 
holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Notes; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the equity price risk and any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would incur 
a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
7. 
Definitions 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) 
or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a Disruption Event has occurred. 
"FX Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) 
or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Digital Level" means: 
(a) 
if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date specified for 
such Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Knock-in Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or

--- Page 316 ---
316 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Digital Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Knock-out Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent 
to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Issuer to hedge its 
obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any 
Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Averaging Date or Settlement 
Price Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified

--- Page 317 ---
317 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-in Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting 
the rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which 
the Settlement Price is calculated; 
"Resettable Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-in Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal 
financial centres of the Base Currency and Subject Currency or Subject Currencies; 
"Settlement Price Date" means each Strike Date, Strike Day, FX Averaging Date, FX Digital 
Observation Date, Knock-in Averaging Date, Knock-out Averaging Date, Knock-in Observation Date, 
Knock-out Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days;

--- Page 318 ---
318 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging Date 
Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions contained in 
the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means any Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which 
the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated; and 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
SCHEDULE 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes or Underlying Interest Rate-
Linked Redemption Notes (together, "Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes") shall comprise either (i) the 
terms and conditions of Notes (the "Euro Note Conditions") or (ii) the terms and conditions of the 
Luxembourg Notes (the "Luxembourg Note Conditions" and, together with the Euro Note Conditions, the 
"Note Conditions") and, in each case, the additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate-
Linked Notes set out below (the "Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions") together with any 
other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Payout Conditions and 
subject to completion and/or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) amendment in the applicable Final Terms.  In 
the event of any inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and (b) the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Note Conditions, the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and/or the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions 
and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying 
Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions, "Floating Rate", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
3. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the manner in 
which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject 
as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 320 ---
320 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Underlying Reference Rate(s) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time (Underlying) 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate") on the Underlying Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Underlying Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a)(i) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (a)(ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information), in each case as at the Specified Time (Underlying) indicated above or in the applicable 
Final Terms, except as provided in paragraph (c) below, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Underlying Reference Rate at such time acting in good faith and using its reasonable judgment. 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
that the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate has been discontinued, the Calculation Agent will 
use, as a substitute for the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, the alternative reference rate 
selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any 
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate 
(each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided 
that, if two or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference 
rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Calculation 
Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the 
Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day 
prior to the applicable Underlying Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Underlying 
Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, 
which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, is available for the 
purpose of determining the Underlying Reference Rate on each Underlying Interest Determination 
Date falling on or after the date of such determination. If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and, if applicable the Calculation Agent, of such successor 
rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Underlying Interest Rate. 
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the 
"Replacement Underlying Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Underlying 
Reference Rate on each Underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(i) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will also determine the changes (if any) required to the Underlying Interest Determination 
Date and any method for obtaining the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, including 
any adjustment needed to make such Replacement Underlying Reference Rate comparable to 
the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate;

--- Page 321 ---
321 
(ii) 
references to the Underlying Reference Rate in these Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Conditions will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Underlying Reference 
Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, where relevant, 
will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, and the details described 
in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or 
Luxembourg Note Condition 13 and, where relevant, the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the details described in (i) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business 
Day prior to the applicable Underlying Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and 
the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate is no 
longer substantially comparable to the Underlying Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Underlying 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity 
as the original Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the 
purpose of confirming the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If 
the replacement Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate, then the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant rate as appointed by 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, (ii) the Issuer or (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, or (iv) such other entity that the Issuer in its sole discretion determines to be 
competent to carry out such role. 
4. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined (the "Underlying Interest Determination Date"), determine the 
Underlying Reference Rate (subject to any Minimum Underlying Reference Rate or Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms).  The Calculation Agent will 
notify the Agent of the Underlying Reference Rate as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
5. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
5.1 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying Reference Rate. 
5.2 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Underlying Reference Rate.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
6.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
6.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
6.3 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means (a) in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying 
Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day is; and (b) in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Interest Rate as the product of (i) the Underlying Reference Rate as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, in each case, 
(A)(I) "greater than", (II) "greater than or equal to", (III) "less than" or (IV) "less than or equal to" the 
Knock-in Level; or (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (i) on a Knock-in Determination Date or (ii) in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the level specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means (a) in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying 
Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any 
Knock-out Determination Day is; and (b) in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the

--- Page 323 ---
323 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying 
Interest Rate as the product of (i) the Underlying Reference Rate as of the Knock-out Valuation Time 
on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, in each case (A)(I) "greater 
than", (II) "greater than or equal to", (III) "less than", or (IV) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out 
Level; or (B) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (i) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (ii) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
(ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Definitions 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the product of the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount 
shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means (i) if Target Automatic Early Redemption, FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption or FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
or otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if such date is not a 
Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the Cumulative Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage; 
(b) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Underlying Reference Level is (i) equal to or greater than the Automatic Early

--- Page 324 ---
324 
Redemption Percentage Down and (ii) less than or equal to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up; 
(c) 
if FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case 
in respect of the Current Interest Period is equal to or greater than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage; or 
(d) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that (A) in the case of a single Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Level 
or (B) in the case of a Basket of Underlying References, the Basket Price is, (aa) "greater 
than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the amount, price, percentage or level specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Down" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level of such Underlying 
Reference on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting; 
"Cumulative Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (a) the 
sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period as the 
product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period 
plus (b) the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the 
Current Interest Period. 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date;

--- Page 325 ---
325 
8. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Accrual 
Notwithstanding Condition 5.4 (in the case of the Euro Notes) or Condition 4.4 (in the case of the 
Luxembourg Notes), if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption and Accrual to Automatic Early 
Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, interest will cease to 
accrue on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
9. 
Definitions 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
SCHEDULE 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY INDEX LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Equity Index-
Linked Interest Notes or Equity Index-Linked Redemption Notes (together, "Equity Index Linked Notes") 
shall comprise either (i) the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Euro Note Conditions") or (ii) the terms 
and conditions of the Luxembourg Notes (the "Luxembourg Note Conditions" and, together with the Euro 
Note Conditions, the "Note Conditions"), as specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and, in 
each case, the additional terms and conditions for Equity Index-Linked Notes set out below (the "Equity 
Index-Linked Conditions"), together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Payout Conditions and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and (b) the Equity Index-Linked Conditions, the 
Equity-Index Linked Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note 
Conditions and/or the Equity Index-Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means:- 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Equity Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such 
Equity Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) 
an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
Security to the level of such Equity Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of 
the level of the Equity Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level

--- Page 327 ---
327 
of such Equity Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the 
Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data"; and 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) 
a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the 
level of such Equity Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level 
or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Equity 
Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included 
in such Equity Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to 
the level of such Equity Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level 
of such Equity Index attributable to that security and (y) the overall level of the Equity Index, 
in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event.  The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be, of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Equity Index 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Equity Index 
If a relevant Equity Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that 
Equity Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Equity 
Index. 
2.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Equity Index 
If (i) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Valuation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the 
relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or 
the method of calculating a relevant Equity Index or in any other way materially modifies that Equity 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Equity Index 
in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Equity Index and no Successor Index exists (an 
"Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a 
Valuation Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, the Index Sponsor 
or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Equity Index 
(an "Index Disruption" and, together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an 
"Index Adjustment Event"), then, 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect 
on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in lieu of a 
published level for that Equity Index, the level for that Equity Index as at the Valuation Time 
on that Strike Date, that Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that 
Equity Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those

--- Page 328 ---
328 
securities that comprised that Equity Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; 
or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be, the 
Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment 
of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Index Adjustment 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market 
value of each Note taking into account the Index Adjustment Event less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if 
Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and if greater, at its nominal amount. 
2.3 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any determination 
made by it pursuant to paragraph 2.2 above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and 
such Agent shall make available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any such determinations. 
3. 
Correction of Equity Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the level of an Equity 
Index, if the level of the Equity Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor, (i) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Exchange Business Days following the 
date of the original publication or, (ii) in respect of an Equity Index which is not a Composite Index, 
within the number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level 
to be used shall be the level of the Equity Index as so corrected. Corrections published after the day 
which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by 
reference to the level of the Equity Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
4.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer 
in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (a), (b) or (if applicable) (c) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Equity 
Index-Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional

--- Page 329 ---
329 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be. If the 
Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account 
the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may 
be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg Note Condition 13, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account 
the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may 
be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, (the "Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's the funding 
cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, at its nominal amount. 
4.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions 
is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Euro Note Condition 14 or Luxembourg 
Note Condition 13, as the case may be, stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
5.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
5.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time the level of the 
Equity Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination

--- Page 330 ---
330 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period 
Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level 
of the Equity Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance 
with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date". 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if 
on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-
hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the level of the Equity Index triggers the Knock-
in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs 
or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination 
Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Equity Index as at the 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained 
in the definition of "Valuation Date". 
5.5 
Definitions 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-
in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Equity Index, that the level of the Equity Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Equity Indices, that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Equity Index as the product in respect of 
each Equity Index of (x) the level of such Equity Index as of the Knock-in Valuation 
Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A)(a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less 
than or equal to" the Knock-in Level; or (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Equity Index-Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Equity Index-Linked Condition 2 
(Adjustments to an Equity Index). 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 331 ---
331 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Equity Index-Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Equity Index-Linked Condition 2 
(Adjustments to an Equity Index). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" means the value from Payout Condition 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Equity Index, that the level of the Equity Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Equity Indices, that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Equity Index as the product in respect of 
each Equity Index of (x) the level of such Equity Index as of the Knock-out Valuation 
Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than 
or equal to" the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-
out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Equity 
Index-Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Equity Index-Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to 
an Equity Index) above. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day.

--- Page 332 ---
332 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means the value from Payout Condition 2.5 or 2.6 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be 
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date at an 
amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only occur 
on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Period and 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date or 
in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
Definitions 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount 
and (ii) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of the 
Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the Equity Index or each Equity Index comprising the Basket in 
each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the Equity Index or each Equity Index comprising the Basket in 
each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the applicable

--- Page 333 ---
333 
Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); or 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the 
relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 1 Underlying 
comprising the Basket as the product of (x) the level of such AER Event 1 Underlying 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the 
relevant Weighting is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 
1"); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the 
relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 2 Underlying 
comprising the Basket as the product of (x) the level of such AER Event 2 Underlying 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the 
relevant Weighting is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 
2"). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Equity Index-Linked Condition 2 (Adjustment to an 
Equity Index) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Equity Index-Linked Condition 2 (Adjustment to an 
Equity Index) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply

--- Page 334 ---
334 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, the value from Payout Condition 2.5 or 2.6 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, the value from Payout Condition 2.5 or 2.6 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant value, level 
or price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would 
occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed 
to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a single Equity Index, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date

--- Page 335 ---
335 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant amount, level, value or 
price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Equity Indices, 
the Averaging Date for each Equity Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled 
Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Equity Index affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to 
such Equity Index. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Equity Index 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading 
Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Equity Index, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Basket of Equity Indices" means a basket composed of each Equity Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial 
authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines in its sole 
and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
hedge positions relating to an Equity Index); or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in maintaining the Notes 
in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge position relating to an 
Equity Index. 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to clear 
the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
"Closing Level" means, in respect of an Equity Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official 
closing level of such Equity Index on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as 
provided in Equity Index-Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Equity Index).

--- Page 336 ---
336 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such 
Index. 
"Composite Index" means any Equity Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
specified, any Equity Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of the Equity Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Equity Index which is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which (i) the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during their regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange 
in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Equity Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Equity Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day 
and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Equity Index" and "Equity Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Equity 
Index-Linked Conditions, the index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Equity Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Equity 
Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Equity Index in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities comprising such Equity Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprising such Equity Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange).

--- Page 337 ---
337 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Equity Index, Exchange Business 
Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Equity Indices, (a) Exchange Business Day 
(All Indices Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in 
respect of any Equity Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Equity 
Indices, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and (ii) in respect of any Composite Indices, (a) the Index Sponsor publishes the level 
of such Composite Indices and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) is open for trading during its regular 
trading session in respect of such Composite Indices, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open 
for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(b) 
in any other case, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange in respect of such Equity Index are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in 
respect of an Equity Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is open for trading during their regular 
trading session in respect of such Composite Index, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (A) any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (B) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Equity Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Equity Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on any relevant 
Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Equity 
Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Equity Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency

--- Page 338 ---
338 
risk of the Issuer or issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to an Equity Index. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of securities comprised in an Equity Index that the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would incur 
a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
rate to borrow any security comprised in an Equity Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate. 
"Index Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Equity Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Equity Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of such Equity Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the 
Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Equity Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Equity Index, the initial 
stock loan rate specified in relation to such security in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Equity Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
level of such Equity Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Equity Index-Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Equity Index). 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any securities comprised in an Equity Index 
in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Equity Index, the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Equity Index, each exchange or quotation system on 
which option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Equity Index are traded, or each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Equity Index in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean 
each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Index. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Equity Index, Scheduled Trading 
Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Equity Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day 
(All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means (i) in respect of any Equity Index which is not 
a Composite Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of each 
such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and 
(ii) in respect of any Composite Equity Index, any day on which (a) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Composite Index and (b) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Equity Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open 
for trading for its regular trading session; and 
(b) 
in any other case, any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect 
of such Equity Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which (i) in respect of an Equity 
Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, 
are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in 
respect of a Composite Index (a) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such 
Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open for trading 
during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date.

--- Page 340 ---
340 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page or 
service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Equity Index, the period of Clearance System Days 
following a trade in the security comprising such Equity Index on the Exchange in which settlement 
will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject as 
referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case 
may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a single Equity Index, an amount equal 
to the official closing level of the Equity Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official 
closing level of such Equity Index as published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
of the Equity Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Equity Indices and in respect 
of each Equity Index comprising the Basket of Equity Indices, an amount equal to the official 
closing level of such Equity Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing 
level of such Equity Index as published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
of such Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at 
the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date as the 
case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a single Equity Index, the Strike Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price by determining the level of the Equity Index as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating the Equity Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Equity 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day); or

--- Page 341 ---
341 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Equity Indices, the Strike 
Date for each Equity Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Strike Date, and the Strike Date for each Equity Index, affected (each an "Affected 
Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Strike Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price using, in relation 
to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, using the level of that Equity Index as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating that Equity Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
comprised in that Equity Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging Date 
Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions contained in 
the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day". 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Equity Index on the Related 
Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Equity Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of such Equity Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Equity Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a single Equity Index, the Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price, value or amount by determining the level of the

--- Page 342 ---
342 
Equity Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Equity Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
comprised in the Equity Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Equity Indices, the Valuation 
Date for each Equity Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Equity Index, affected (each an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price, 
value or amount using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, 
determined using the level of that Equity Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Equity Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Equity Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if not specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
in the case of a Composite Index, means in respect of such Equity Index: (i) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (a) in 
respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or 
futures contracts on the Equity Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; 
and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the 
Equity Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(y) 
in the case of any Equity Index which is not a Composite Index, means the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Interest Valuation Time or Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Interest Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such 
actual closing time.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
DESCRIPTION OF BGL 
1. 
Information about the Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is BGL BNP Paribas. 
The Issuer was founded as a company under Belgian law on 29 September 1919 and was incorporated 
under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) on 21 June 1935 and operates under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The 
Issuer is registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg under the number 
B 6481. It is incorporated for a period of unlimited duration. The Articles of Association of the Issuer 
have been amended several times, most recently by notarial deed in Luxembourg on 5 April 2018. 
The Issuer's registered office is at 50, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2951 Luxembourg and its telephone 
number is +352 4242-1. 
The Issuer has a website at www.bgl.lu. The information on the Issuer's website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus unless such information is expressly incorporated by reference herein. 
BGL expects to finance its activities by issuing Notes under this Programme and/or by entering into 
hedging arrangements with BNPP and its affiliates. 
Business Overview 
Founded in 1919 under the name "Banque Générale du Luxembourg", BGL BNP Paribas is one of the 
largest banks in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and a member of the BNP Paribas Group (the 
"BNPP Group"). It offers its retail, professional, private banking and corporate clients a wide range 
of financial products and bancassurance solutions. 
The BNPP Group operates in 65 countries and has almost 190,000 employees, including nearly 
145,000 in Europe (see https://invest.bnpparibas.com/en/registration-documents-annual-financial-
reports). The BNPP Group has key positions in its three main fields of activity: Commercial, Personal 
Banking & Services, Investment & Protection Services and Corporate & Institutional Banking. 
As set out at Article 2 of the Issuer's Articles of Association, the object of the Issuer is to carry out any 
banking and financial operations of any kind, to render any services, to acquire participating interests, 
and to undertake any commercial, industrial or other operations, involving movable or immovable 
assets, on its own behalf and on that of third parties, directly or indirectly linked to its corporate object 
or that might facilitate the accomplishment thereof. The Issuer may accomplish its purpose in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and abroad. 
Activities 
BGL is active in the following areas: 
(a) 
Retail Banking Luxembourg (Banque de détail à Luxembourg) 
The Retail Banking business line provides to its retail clients, liberal professions, professionals 
and entrepreneurs a broad range of products and services, including real estate property 
financing, current accounts, savings products and bancassurance. 
Its commercial network comprises 9 regional business centres and 34 branches, 11 Real Estate 
Business Centres centralising financing requests from clients within its regional centres, 6 
business centres that provide services exclusively to professional clients and liberal 
professions, one Invest Competence Center which provides services to clients concerning

--- Page 345 ---
345 
investment and one business centre for non-residents outside Luxembourg and the Grande-
Region.  
(b) 
Corporate Banking Luxembourg (Banque des Entreprises à Luxembourg)  
Corporate Banking provides financial services to big corporates and small and mid-sized 
companies, the public sector entities and institutional clients, real estate professionals, social 
organisations and start-ups. 
(c) 
Private Banking Luxembourg  
Private Banking provides to resident clients and clients located in the Grande Region tailored 
financial and wealth management solutions through its business centres. 
(d) 
Wealth Management 
Wealth Management provides tailored asset and wealth management solutions, in addition to 
high-end specialist services, such as investment advice, discretionary wealth management 
mandates, wealth organisation and succession planning, financing as well as asset 
diversification expertise. 
2. 
Shareholders' Structure of BGL BNP Paribas 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following diagram summarises the structure of the 
ownership of the share capital of BGL BNP Paribas: 
 
3. 
Trend information 
Macroeconomic environment 
Macroeconomic and market conditions affect BGL's results. The nature of BGL's business makes it 
particularly sensitive to macroeconomic and market conditions in Europe. 
After falling more than 3.1% in 2020 (GDP was down 6.8% in the euro zone, 3.4% in the United States 
and 2% in emerging countries), global activity rebounded strongly in 2021. The recovery was 
particularly marked in mature countries, where GDP has grown more than 5.2% in the euro zone and 
5.6% in the United States. Emerging economies have also recovered, particularly in Asia and Europe.  
BNP PARIBAS 
FORTIS 
34% 
0.03% 
50.01% 
15.96% 
99.94% 
0.06% 
Other 
shareholders 
Other 
shareholders 
Situation as at 31 December 2021 
BNP 
BGL 
BNP PARIBAS 
GRAND-DUCHY 
OF LUXEMBOURG

--- Page 346 ---
346 
Despite the strong rebound in activity and the resulting spikes in inflation due to insufficient supply 
levels, monetary policy remains highly accommodative and yields on sovereign bonds are still 
extremely low in many mature economies. In light of recent developments, some central banks have 
begun to raise their key rates or are planning to do so in the coming quarters, while the U.S. Federal 
Reserve has begun to reduce its asset purchases. Over the next few years, most central banks are 
expected to either tighten their policies gradually (for example, the U.S. Federal Reserve and the Bank 
of England) or adjust it more marginally (for example, the European Central Bank and the Bank of 
Japan). The invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022 could lead central banks to review or 
postpone these movements given the reaction of the markets in the short term and the macroeconomic 
consequences that remain uncertain in the long term. At the same time, while long term bond yields 
have recovered significantly since August 2021, they remain very low over a longer term perspective. 
In this context, the following risk categories can be identified: 
Consequences of the current public health crisis 
The lasting effects of the public health crisis are expected to be limited due to the measures taken to 
support the economy. However, some sectors that have been particularly affected by public health 
measures (such as air transport) will take longer to recover than the rest of the economy. In addition, 
the reopening of economies has significantly boosted inflation. This phenomenon should be transitory, 
but it is uncertain how long it will last. Some shortages may be persistent or have spillover effects. 
The risk of an asset bubble has also intensified in certain areas in connection with the support measures 
put in place by governments and central banks (such as increased savings as a result of budgetary 
measures and central bank asset purchasing plans). In addition, public finances have deteriorated 
significantly due to the public health crisis and the exceptional budgetary policy measures 
implemented to limit its impact. The marked increase in private debt could cause difficulties in certain 
sectors. 
Risks of financial instability due to the conduct of monetary policies 
Commercial and personal bank revenues are strongly impacted by the flat yield curve, negative central 
bank deposit rates and the difficulty of passing on negative rates to customers. Life insurers and 
pension funds are also deeply impacted, as the low-yield environment increases liabilities and holds 
down on long-term investment returns (impacting in particular life insurers with guaranteed returns 
and defined-benefit pension schemes). Monetary policy's room to manoeuvre seems increasingly 
limited and central banks are more likely to be affected by fiscal issues in the coming years (due to 
the sharp increase in public debt). Such developments, which would have been considered temporary 
and exceptional a few years ago now seem to be a new normal. 
Some major financial players (such as insurance companies, pension funds, asset managers) have an 
increasingly systemic dimension and, in the event of market turbulence, could be brought to unwind 
large positions in a context of relatively weak market liquidity. In a number of asset markets, risk 
premiums are low compared with their historical average following a decade of accommodative 
monetary policies (such as lending to non-investment grade companies and countries, certain equity 
and bond market segments). 
Systemic risks related to increased debt 
In many countries, the public health crisis led to a massive increase in the public deficit and debt ratios, 
due to the fall in business activity and the exceptional support measures put in place by governments. 
In mature economies, public debt ratios are at unprecedented levels. At present, the very low level of 
interest rates is limiting the cost of debt service. Massive asset purchases by central banks in Europe 
should continue to moderate this risk in the near future, but the risk of rising interest rates will have to 
be monitored over the medium term in eurozone countries due to fragmented bond markets. In this

--- Page 347 ---
347 
context, new common issuances at a European level ("common bonds") were launched in 2020 and 
have continued in 2021. 
The BNPP Group's exposure in emerging countries is limited. However, the vulnerability of some of 
these economies could lead to a downgrade of these countries' ratings by the agencies, followed by an 
increase in risk premiums and debt service costs, leading to disruptions in the global financial system. 
In many advanced and emerging countries public policy support to avoid a wave of bankruptcies 
contributed to additional debt. In the medium term, this increase in debt could lead to a decline in 
repayment capacity, whilst the simultaneous increase in public debt reduces the ability of governments 
to support their economy if the recovery is affected by new disruptions. On the household side, job 
losses could also affect debt repayment capacity. 
It should be noted that debt-related risk could materialise, not only in the event of a sharp rise in 
interest rates, but also with any negative growth shocks. 
Risks of disruption to international trade from economic sanctions and/or protectionist measures 
In Eastern Europe, the Russian invasion of Ukraine has led to reactions from the international 
community, particularly in terms of economic sanctions against Russia, the scope of which is not yet 
fully known. Moreover, during the health crisis, specific trade measures were put in place to facilitate 
the trading of strategic groups. However, disagreements between the United States and China 
regarding intellectual property protection, technology transfers and industrial policies are not expected 
to disappear in the short term. In March 2021, the European Parliament voted to suspend the 
ratification of the Comprehensive Agreement on Investment ("CAI") with China, concluded in 
December 2020. Many governments are aiming for certain strategic areas to be more self-sufficient 
and less dependent on imports. Different outcomes are possible, ranging from moderate 
regionalisation (competing blocs) to more marked regionalisation (separate blocs).  
Tensions related to trade and globalisation are therefore likely to persist in the coming years, which is 
likely to hold back global growth by weighing on the volumes traded, disrupting production chains 
and adversely affecting the confidence of agents and financial markets. 
Laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions 
Recent and future changes in the laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions may have a 
significant impact on BGL. Measures that were recently adopted or which are (or whose application 
measures are) ongoing projects, that have or are likely to have an impact on BGL notably include: 
– 
prudential regulations: with the finalisation of Basel 3 published by the Basel Committee in 
December 2017, supplemented by the fundamental review of the trading book ("FRTB") in 
January 2019 and of credit value adjustment ("CVA") risk in July 2020, which introduces a 
revision of the credit risk, operational risk, market risk and CVA risk measurement in the 
calculation of risk-weighted assets. The new Basel framework also provides for the gradual 
introduction of an overall floor which will be based on standardised approaches. These 
measures are due to come into force once they are transposed into European law. To this end, 
on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a draft transposition of the Basel 
Accord in the form of amendments to the Capital Requirements Regulation and the Capital 
Requirements Directive; 
– 
the Directive of 16 April 2014 related to deposit guarantee systems and its delegated and 
implementing acts, the Directive of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD") and its revision on 20 May 2019 
("BRRD2") establishing a bank recovery and resolution framework and the anticipation of 
future MREL requirements, the Single Resolution Mechanism establishing the Single 
Resolution Council and the Single Resolution Fund;

--- Page 348 ---
348 
– 
the Final Rule by the U.S. Federal Reserve imposing tighter prudential rules on the U.S. 
transactions of large foreign banks, notably the obligation to create a separate intermediary 
holding company in the U.S. (capitalised and subject to regulation) to hold their U.S. 
subsidiaries; 
– 
the regulation of over-the-counter derivative activities pursuant to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation ("EMIR") in Europe, notably margin requirements for uncleared derivative 
products transparency and reporting requirements for derivatives transactions in securities, as 
well as the obligation to set off certain derivatives traded over the counter by clearing houses; 
– 
the new Markets in Financial Instruments Directive ("MiFID 2") and the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"); and 
– 
the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which came into force on 25 May 2018. 
This regulation aims to move the European data confidentiality environment forward and 
improve personal data protection within the European Union. Businesses run the risk of severe 
penalties if they do not comply with the standards set by the GDPR. This regulation applies 
to all banks and companies providing services to European citizens; 
Moreover, in this strengthened regulatory context, the risk of non-compliance with existing laws and 
regulations, in particular those relating to the protection of the interests of customers and personal 
data, is a significant risk for the banking industry, potentially resulting in significant losses and fines. 
In addition to its compliance system, which specifically covers this type of risk, the BNPP Group 
places the interest of its customers, and more broadly that of its stakeholders, at the heart of its values. 
Thus, the code of conduct adopted by the BNPP Group in 2016 sets out detailed values and rules of 
conduct in this area. 
Environmental risks 
Environmental risks and, more particularly, those associated with climate change are a financial risk 
for the BNPP Group.  
The BNPP Group is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own 
operations or for certain of its assets or indirectly through its financing and investment activities. The 
main risks related to climate change are as follows: 
– 
transition risks resulting from a change in the behaviour of economic and financial agents in 
response to the implementation of energy policies or technological changes; and  
– 
physical risks resulting from the direct impact of climate change on people and property via 
extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising sea levels or rising temperatures.  
– 
Consequences in terms of liability may arise from these two risks. They correspond to 
potential disputes, climates for compensation, legal proceedings brought against a company, 
a state or a financial institution that could be held liable by any stakeholder or citizen who has 
suffered from climate change. In line with international work and in particular that of the 
Network of Supervisors and Central Banks for the Greening of the Financial System 
("NGFS"), BGL considers the risks associated with the emergence of legal proceedings 
related to climate change for companies and investors, including liability risks, as a subset of 
physical and transition risks.  
BGL monitors the potential impact of these risk factors in the conduct of its business, in that of its 
counterparties or in its investments on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties. The BNPP Group 
thus integrates these risks into its risk management process and gradually strengthens their assessment,

--- Page 349 ---
349 
as the methodologies for measuring and analysing these factors and their impact on traditional risks, 
in particular, those relating to credit quality, are developed.  
Cyber security and technology risk 
BGL's ability to do business is intrinsically tied to the fluidity of electronic transactions as well as the 
protection and security of information and technology assets. 
The technological change is accelerating with the digital transformation and the resulting increase in 
the number of communications circuits, proliferation in data sources, growing process automation, 
and greater use of electronic banking transactions. 
The progress and acceleration of the technological changes needed to respond to customer 
requirements are giving cybercriminals new options for altering, stealing and disclosing data. Attacks 
are more frequent, with a bigger reach and sophistication across all sectors, including financial 
services. 
The outsourcing of a growing number of processes also exposes the BNPP Group to structural 
cybersecurity and technology risks leading to the appearance of potential attack vectors that 
cybercriminals can exploit. 
Accordingly, the BNPP Group has reinforced the second line of defence within the risk function 
dedicated to managing technological and cyber security risks. Thus, operational standards are 
regularly adapted to support BGL's digital evolution and innovation while managing existing and 
emerging threats (such as cyber-crime, espionage). 
The health crisis, which prevailed in 2020, increased the BNPP Group's dependence on digital 
technologies in order to have the capacity to work remotely and to continue operating safely despite 
the high risk of cyber-crime. The BNPP Group invested in IT upgrades to quintuple the bandwidth of 
the network and ensure the stability of the remote access infrastructure. At the same time, cyber 
security operations teams have strengthened their surveillance capabilities to improve detection and 
respond to threats more quickly. 
Emerging Risks 
An emerging risk is defined as a new or evolving risk which potential impact could be material in the 
future but is currently not fully known or is difficult to quantify. 
The BNPP Group identified emerging risks related to technological innovations, the evolving 
regulatory environment, as well as certain health, demographic and societal risks. 
Technological innovations 
Technological developments related to the growing use of data in all production, marketing and 
distribution processes, and to data sharing among economic players (including, producers, suppliers, 
and customers) will impact the economic models of BNPP Group's clients and counterparties in a 
lasting way. These impacts, which are sometimes hard to assess in a context where new standards, 
economic balances and regulatory entities are in the process of evolving and adapting, are being 
analysed internally by industry experts focused on the economic sectors most exposed to this 
evolution. 
In addition, the use of algorithms and artificial intelligence techniques, which are becoming 
increasingly sophisticated, considerably modifies decision-making and exposes people to risks of a 
new nature with standardised behaviour that can quickly affect certain markets. The emergence of

--- Page 350 ---
350 
decentralised finance and digital assets based on distributed ledger technologies (e.g. blockchain) are 
changes that may ultimately have a structural impact on the banking sector. 
Furthermore, the BNPP Group's competitive environment is undergoing profound change, with the 
presence of fintech, the emergence of new players of importance in the activities of the financial sector 
(such as Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft) and technological innovations which 
disrupt the traditional value chains of BNPP Group’s businesses, and place the quality of the customer 
experience, and the use of new technologies to reduce the cost of low added-value operations, as their 
key competitive success factors. Maintenance of BNPP Group's information systems must be done in 
this context of evolving value chains and increasing protection needs (of systems and data, for 
example) in particular against cyber threats. The BNPP Group is deploying a proactive strategy in this 
area to adapt its activities to these major technological developments and promote some industrial 
cooperation with fintech players. 
Evolving regulatory environments 
In addition to the regulatory measures recently adopted or pending adoption, and already cited as top 
risks, the trend towards growing complexity and regional differences in the regulatory environment 
for banks and related supervision is creating relative uncertainty over future developments, compliance 
costs, and proper performance risk concerning the various measures. The BNPP Group has established 
an active monitoring system for its regulatory environment, enabling it to minimise these risks. 
Possible future divergence by type of regulated entity, for example, depending on their degree of 
innovation, may also introduce risk of a competitive nature. 
Health risks 
A new viral or bacteriological infection that is potentially resistant to antibiotics, antiviral drugs or 
other treatments is an increasing possibility and could become more significant. 
Despite the experience gained with the health crisis, such an infection could lead to new failures in 
infrastructure and production chains, with significant consequences for all stakeholders. 
Demographic risk 
The ageing population is a major underlying trend in many countries. In the years and decades to 
come, this change could significantly impact economic growth (which is already visible), as well as 
healthcare and retirement budgets, or saving and consumption behaviours. 
Societal issues 
In addition to responses designed to meet its customers' changing needs, the BNPP Group is more 
generally adapting its responses to the expectations of the society in which it operates in terms of how 
it conducts its business, respects human rights and environmental protection. Thus, banks must deal 
with the growing sensitivity of their customers and partners to environmental, social and governance 
issues.  
The BNPP Group’s "Code of Conduct" defines standards of conduct in line with its values and 
missions.  
Areas of Special Interest in 2021 
Turkey

--- Page 351 ---
351 
Even more so in 2021 than in 2020, macroeconomic uncertainties and the geopolitical context 
penalised local foreign exchange markets. During the second half of the year, unexpected measures 
were taken in Turkey to ease monetary conditions while inflationary pressures continued. This, in a 
regional geopolitical context, continues to make the use of foreign currency borrowing costly.  
The BNPP Group’s presence in Turkey is primarily through its TEB subsidiary (ranking No. 10 in 
Retail Banking in Turkey with a market share of approximately 3%). At 31 December 2021, the BNPP 
Group generated 2.1% of its pre-tax operating income in this country. The TEB entity had a solvency 
ratio (Capital Adequacy Ratio ("CAR")) of 18.05% at 31 December 2021, in excess of the regulatory 
requirements.  
In 2021, the TEB Group's balance sheet liquidity remained solid, with a Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
("LCR") of 196% at 31 December 2021. With loans outstanding of TRY 106.6 billion and deposits of 
TRY 131.6 billion, the TEB Group's financing structure is largely self-financed. 
With respect to exposure to counterparties whose main business is in Turkey, commercial 
commitments as at 31 December 2021 represented 1.0% of BNPP Group's total gross commitments, 
on- and off-balance sheet. 
Exposure to Turkish sovereign risk is contained at 1.8% of the banking book's sovereign exposure and 
is essentially borne by the TEB Group. 
Others 
Geopolitical tensions are palpable in Asia on the Korean peninsula and in the China Sea and remain 
high in certain other areas, such as in the Middle East, with the potential involvement of Western 
powers to varying degrees. In the Mediterranean, tensions that arose as a result of disputed maritime 
areas have decreased but have not disappeared.  
Latin America has also been experiencing political tensions. Although the possible consequences of 
such risks are hard to assess, the regional economies in question, and the global economy, could be 
affected through different channels (such as confidence, trade ties and commodity prices). 
Save as set out above, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that 
are reasonably likely to have a material effect on BGL BNP Paribas' prospects for the current financial 
year. 
4. 
Profit forecasts or estimates 
The Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or profit estimate. 
5. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
(a) 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the management of BGL was comprised of the 
following persons (listed alongside their principal outside occupation): 
The Board of Directors 
Etienne Reuter 
Luxembourg 
Chairman

--- Page 352 ---
352 
Alain Papiasse 
Executive counsel of the General Management of BNP Paribas, Paris 
Vice-Chairman 
HRH the Prince Guillaume of Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg 
Director 
Béatrice Belorgey 
Chairman of the Executive Committee of BGL BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Director 
Dominique Aubernon  
Counsel of the Chief Operating Officer of BNP Paribas, Paris 
Director 
Didier Beauvois 
Member of the Management Committee and the Executive Committee of BNP Paribas Fortis, 
Brussels 
Director 
Francis Capitani 
Staff representative, Luxembourg 
Director 
Jean Clamon 
Engineer, Corporate Director, Paris 
Director 
Sylvie Daleiden  
Staff representative, Luxembourg 
Director 
Gabriel Di Letizia 
Staff representative, Luxembourg 
Director 
Guylaine Dyèvre 
Secretary to the Board of Directors of BNP Paribas, Paris 
Director 
Jean-Paul Friedrich 
Staff representative, Luxembourg 
Director 
Sonja Hirsch-Stocchi 
Staff representative, Luxembourg 
Director 
Maxime Jadot 
Chairman of the Management Committee and the Executive Committee of BNP Paribas 
Fortis, Brussels 
Director

--- Page 353 ---
353 
Josiane Kremer 
Staff representative, Luxembourg 
Director 
Vincent Lecomte 
CEO of BNP Paribas Wealth Management, Paris 
Director 
Eric Martin 
Corporate Director, Paris 
Director 
Denise Steinhäuser 
Staff representative, Luxembourg 
Director 
Carlo Thelen 
Economist, Luxembourg 
Director 
Tom Theves 
First Advisor to the Government, Luxembourg 
Director 
Carlo Thill 
Economist, Leudelange 
Director 
The Executive Committee 
Beatrice Belorgey 
Chairman 
Fabrice Cucchi 
Chief Transformation Officer 
Member 
François Dacquin 
Wealth Management 
Member 
Louis de Looz-Corswarem 
Human Resources 
Member 
Anne-Sophie Dufresne 
Corporate Banking and CIB (Corporate & Institutional Banking) 
Member 
Laurent Jansen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Member

--- Page 354 ---
354 
Bénédicte Monneron 
Chief Operating Officer 
Member 
Yves Nosbuch 
Communication, Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Strategy 
Member 
Thierry Schuman* 
Strategic Clients and Business Partners 
Member 
Mine Volle 
Chief Risk Officer 
Member 
Valérie Vouaux-Jacquemart 
Chief Compliance Offier 
Member 
* (Thierry Schuman does not form part of the "direction autorisée" within the meaning of the 
CSSF Circular 12/552) 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus the address of the Directors and the members of the 
Executive Committee is 50, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2951 Luxembourg. 
The members of the Executive Committee work for the Issuer. In addition to their 
Luxembourg-based duties, under the practices of the BNPP Group some members of the 
Executive Committee also have high-level responsibilities with business areas of BNP Paribas 
and its affiliates. Further responsibilities of the members of the Executive Committee and of 
the Board of Directors are disclosed in the curriculum vitae of the respective member on the 
website of the Issuer at https://www.bgl.lu/en/about-us/corporate-governance.html. 
(b) 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory bodies - conflicts of interests 
No conflicts of interest exist between any duties to BGL of the persons referred to in paragraph 
5(a) above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
6. 
Share Capital 
The share capital of BGL BNP Paribas amounts to EUR 713,062,636, represented by 27,976,574 
shares without nominal value. The shares are fully paid up and are in registered form. 
7. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the major shareholders of BGL consist of: 
(a) 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg holding 34 per cent. of the share capital of BGL BNP 
Paribas; and 
(b) 
BNP Paribas holding directly 15.96 per cent. and indirectly 50.01 per cent., via BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV (of which BNP Paribas owns 99.94 per cent. of the share capital), of the share 
capital of BGL.

--- Page 355 ---
355 
BGL is managed by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee. The Board of Directors is 
composed of mainly non-executive directors and a certain number of staff representatives. As a credit 
institution, BGL is regulated by the CSSF. 
8. 
Financial Information concerning BGL's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses 
(a) 
Financial statements 
BGL's financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are produced on 
a consolidated basis. 
The financial statements of BGL are consolidated into the financial statements of BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV. The consolidated financial statements of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV are 
available at its registered office: Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium and via the 
website of BNPP (https://rates-globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx). 
(b) 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The financial statements of BGL as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 
have been audited without qualification by Deloitte Audit S.à r.l., 560, rue de Neudorf, 
Luxembourg L-2220. Deloitte Audit S.à r.l. is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises (the "IRE"). 
BGL also publishes an abridged form of non-consolidated accounts which are included in its 
annual reports. 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited by the independent auditors. 
(c) 
Interim Financial Information 
The Issuer does not publish unaudited interim financial statements. 
(d) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in paragraph 7.j on page 130 of the French Annual Report 2021, there have 
been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which BGL is aware) during a period covering 12 months prior 
to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on BGL's financial position or profitability. 
9. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside the scope of its ordinary course of 
business, which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to 
the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to holders of notes. 
10. 
Recent Developments 
BGL BNP Paribas made public announcements (each a "Press Release") which included the 
following: 
 
Press Release dated 7 April 2022 in respect of BGL BNP Paribas financial results for the year 
to 31 December 2021.

--- Page 356 ---
356 
11. 
Dependence upon other BNPP Group entities 
BGL's business lines and functions share numerous IT platforms with BNPP, including those used for 
the front and back offices activities. 
See also the "General Information" section below.

--- Page 357 ---
357 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
This section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
1. 
Offers to the Public 
This sub-section applies to Non-exempt Notes only. 
In the event of an offer of any Notes which is an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
Prospectus Regulation but which is not made in circumstances contemplated in Article 1(4) and/or 
Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (an "Offer"), the general conditions in relation to such Offer 
are as set out below, as further specified for each Series of Notes in the applicable Final Terms and/or 
subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of this Base Prospectus is published 
at any time during an Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base prospectus as 
the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to 
the original publication of the applicable Final Terms.  Any investors who have indicated acceptances 
of the offer of the relevant Notes prior to the date of publication of such supplement or updated version 
of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be (the "Publication Date"), have the right within two working 
days of the Publication Date to withdraw their acceptances. 
1.1 
Offer size 
The anticipated size of the offer of the Notes to the public will be set out in the applicable Final Terms 
as a fixed amount, as a minimum amount subject to increase, or as a range. The actual nominal amount 
of Notes offered can be decreased or increased by the Issuer at any time before the relevant Issue Date. 
It will be determined by the Issuer, after consultation with the arranger(s) of such offer, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions (including those in the debt and equity markets) and other 
relevant criteria and factors, including (but not limited to) demand for the Notes during the subscription 
period, broader economic and financial conditions and prospects and conditions affecting the Issuer's 
ability to source or price hedging transactions with respect to its obligations under the Notes on terms 
satisfactory to it. 
Once the results of the Offer have been determined, the actual nominal amount of Notes that will be 
allotted to the subscribers and issued will be filed with the appropriate competent authority(ies) and 
communicated in the same manner in which the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have 
been published. 
The prospective investors will be directly notified by or on behalf of the placers as mentioned in item 
11(l) of Part B of the Final Terms (the "Placing Agents"), of the number of Notes that has been allotted 
to them as soon as possible after the relevant Issue Date. 
1.2 
Subscription, payment, delivery and allotment 
The subscription period of the Offer (the "Offer Period") will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
However, the Offer Period may be (a) subject to an early termination due to reasons including (but not 
limited to) oversubscription or a decrease in the offer size as set out under the heading "Offer size" 
above, or (b) subject to an extension as mentioned under the heading "Indicative timetable" below. 
"Subscription" (and "subscribe" and "subscriber") refers not only to the initial acquisition of the Notes 
from the Issuer by the first purchaser, but to any purchase during the Offer Period. 
The price of the Notes payable by subscribers to the Placing Agents, the Offer Price, will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 358 ---
358 
The minimum number of Notes which may be subscribed per subscriber is one Note of the lowest 
Specified Denomination and thereafter in multiples of one (1) such lowest Specified Denomination, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. There is no maximum number of Notes which 
may be subscribed per subscriber unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Final Terms do not include the Offer Price and/or other pricing data relating to the Notes such 
as the Rate of Interest, a pricing statement disclosing this information will be published before the 
relevant Issue Date and any such pricing statement will specify rights of withdrawal (if any) which 
arise under Article 17 of the Prospectus Regulation. Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, such pricing statement will be published in the same manner as the Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Payment for the Notes must be received by the relevant Placing Agent from subscribers on or before 
the relevant Issue Date by debit of a cash account. 
The delivery of the Notes will take place as described in the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms. On or about the relevant Issue Date, the relevant securities account of each Noteholder will be 
credited with the relevant amount of Notes purchased. 
By subscribing for Notes or subsequently otherwise acquiring Notes, Noteholders are bound by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and are deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the terms 
pursuant to which the Notes are being offered as set out in the Base Prospectus together with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in case of an early termination of the 
subscription period due to oversubscription or a decrease in the Offer size, allotment of the Notes will 
be made, to the extent possible, on the basis of objective allotment criteria. Valid subscription 
applications will be processed in the chronological order of their receipt by the Relevant Dealer and 
the Placing Agents. If necessary, the last subscription applications received will be reduced 
proportionately in order to match the actual aggregate nominal amount of Notes being offered. Any 
payment received in connection with the subscription of Notes which are not allotted will be returned 
within seven Business Days (Business Days in this section means days on which banks are open for 
general business in the relevant Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction as defined in the relevant Final Terms 
and in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (or where the Specified Currency is 
euro, the TARGET2 system is operating)) after the date of receipt of such payment. However, there 
will be no entitlement to interest in respect of such payments. 
1.3 
Indicative timetable 
An indicative timetable listing certain expected key dates for the Offer, such as (but not limited to) the 
publication of the prospectus, the latest time and date for subscriptions, the publication of the pricing 
statement (if relevant), and the announcement of the offer size will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. However, the timetable for the Offer is subject to acceleration or extension. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, any acceleration or extension of the timetable for the Offer 
will be communicated in the same manner in which the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms have been published. 
1.4 
Cancellation of the Offer 
The Issuer reserves the right to cancel the Offer and issue of the Notes, at any time on or before the 
relevant Issue Date and for any reason, it being understood that in such case no Notes will be issued. 
In the event of a cancellation and unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, such 
cancellation will be communicated in the same manner in which the Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms have been published.

--- Page 359 ---
359 
The Offer may be cancelled if any of the following events occur: 
 
the Notes are not or will not be admitted to trading and listing on the relevant stock exchange 
on the relevant Issue Date (or such later date as is determined by the Issuer as the latest date 
for such admission); 
 
there has been a change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions 
or currency exchange rates or exchange controls that would, in the view of the Issuer or the 
Relevant Dealer, be likely to prejudice materially the success of the offering and distribution 
of the Notes or dealings in the Notes in the secondary market; 
 
there has been, in the view of the Issuer or the Relevant Dealer, an adverse change, financial 
or otherwise in the condition or general affairs of the Issuer that would be likely to prejudice 
materially the success of the offering of the Notes; 
 
the Relevant Dealer determines, in its absolute discretion, that it is unable to source or price 
appropriate hedging transactions relating to the Issuer's obligations under the Notes on terms 
which are satisfactory to it; 
 
the Subscription Agreement (if any) is terminated by a Manager in accordance with its terms; 
or 
 
the Placing and Purchase Agreement (if any) is terminated in accordance with its terms. 
The Offer may also be cancelled in any other circumstances where the Issuer considers it necessary or 
desirable. 
1.5 
Subscription fees and taxes 
Fees and taxes payable by Noteholders may include the following: 
 
a fee payable by the Issuer to the Relevant Dealer and/or to any Placing Agent if it had been 
agreed between the relevant parties that such fee would be included in the Offer Price of the 
Notes to be paid by Noteholders on subscription; 
 
any costs arising from holding their Notes in a securities account with a financial intermediary; 
 
any further costs which may be charged by any financial intermediary; and 
 
taxes on stock market transactions other than taxes payable upon initial subscription. 
1.6 
Other fees and charges 
Except as stated above or in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will not impose any charges or fees 
in respect of the Notes. Prospective purchasers should note, however, that certain fees and charges for 
custodial, nominee, transfer and clearing services may be payable to the relevant clearing system(s) 
and/or any intermediaries for the holding, transfer or redemption of Notes. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should contact any relevant intermediaries for further details of these fees and charges. 
In the event that prospective Noteholders are required to be notified of any event and unless otherwise 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, such notice will be published in the same manner in which 
the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have been published.

--- Page 360 ---
360 
1.7 
Subscription and placing arrangements 
The Manager(s) mentioned in Item 9(b) of Part B of the applicable Final Terms may enter into a 
subscription agreement with the Issuer on or about the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
(the "Subscription Agreement"). Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement and the Programme 
Agreement and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Manager will agree to subscribe 
for the Notes. The Manager may terminate the Subscription Agreement in certain circumstances, prior 
to payment being made to the Issuer. Any such termination is likely to result in a cancellation of the 
Offer. 
The Issuer and the Manager may also enter into a placing and purchase agreement with the Placing 
Agents on or about the first day of the Offer Period (the "Placing and Purchase Agreement"). Under 
this Agreement, the Placing Agents will agree to use their best endeavours during the Offer Period to 
procure subscribers for an aggregate nominal amount of Notes equal to the anticipated Offer size of 
the Notes at the Offer Price. Each Placing Agent will agree to purchase from the Manager, on the 
relevant Issue Date, an aggregate nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount of Notes 
placed by such Placing Agent pursuant to the Offer. 
Each Placing Agent shall be entitled to deduct, before payment to the Manager, a commission 
representing a percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes placed by it. The commission will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Placing and Purchase Agreement may be terminated in 
certain circumstances by the Manager or the Placing Agents, prior to payment being made to the 
Manager. Any such termination is likely to result in the cancellation of the Offer. 
2. 
Subscription and Sale 
This sub-section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
Programme Agreement 
The Dealer has in an amended and restated programme agreement dated on or about 28 July 2022 (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time) (the "Programme Agreement") agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Euro Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes" above. In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealer for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
Subject as provided in the selling restrictions set out below, the Notes may be sold to any investor. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or the laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States. The 
Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S") and, until the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period (as defined below), may not be offered, 
sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person except in accordance with Regulation 
S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act.  Trading in the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any Tranche, (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche (the "Distribution Compliance Period") as determined, and certified to the Issuer, or the 
Agent, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in

--- Page 361 ---
361 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act, and it will have sent to each distributor, or person 
receiving a selling concession, fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes sold, to which it sells Notes 
during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the relevant Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by a Dealer (whether or not participating in the distribution) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
Notes in bearer form that are debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or 
to United States persons, except in certain circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  The 
applicable Final Terms will specify whether the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, 
successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA 
C"), the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States 
Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance 
with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA D"), or neither the provisions of 
TEFRA C nor TEFRA D ("TEFRA not applicable") will apply to the issuance of Notes.  Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as 
amended) and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" as: 
(i) 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA; or 
(ii) 
"Applicable", other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is made 
available", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key 
information document is required pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") is made available; or 
(iii) 
"Not applicable", Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms may be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to retail investors in the EEA, provided that, where a key information document is required 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has only 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will only offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto

--- Page 362 ---
362 
to retail investors in the EEA in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is 
made available. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
With respect to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus as the case may be) to the public in 
that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State 
and, where required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation, in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key 
information document is made available: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient

--- Page 363 ---
363 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" as: 
(i) 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK; or 
(ii) 
"Applicable", other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is made 
available, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK, other than where a key information document is 
required pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") is made available; or 
(iii) 
"Not applicable", Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms may be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to retail investors in the UK, provided that, where a key information document is required 
pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it 
has only offered, sold or otherwise made available and will only offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to retail investors in the UK where a key information document is made available. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
I. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
II. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
III. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 364 ---
364 
With respect to the UK, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK if a key information document is made 
available and: 
(iv) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(v) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(vi) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA. 
Provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 75 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Belgium 
With respect to Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months qualifying as money market instruments 
within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, no action will be taken by the Issuer or any Dealer 
in connection with the issue, sale, transfer, delivery, offering or distribution (or otherwise) of such 
Notes that would require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 
on the offering of investment instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments 
to trading on a regulated market. 
The Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Bearer Notes and Definitive Notes) shall not be 
physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005. 
The offering may not be advertised and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of 
Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended from time to time (a 
"Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to 
the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French 
laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 365 ---
365 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Acceptance of deposits: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland 
The Notes are not subject to the approval of, or supervision by, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and investors in the Notes will not benefit from supervision 
by FINMA. Notes issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective 
investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes of 23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as amended. Notes issued under the Programme are neither 
issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are exposed to the credit risk 
of the Issuer. 
Subject to specific provisions regarding exempt offers pursuant to Article 36 Swiss Financial Services 
Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") (as set out in the applicable Final Terms and further described below), 
the Notes may not be publicly distributed (such term including any advertising type of activity whose 
object is the purchase of Notes by an investor) or offered (such term including any invitation to acquire 
Notes that contains sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes itself) in, into or 
from Switzerland, except if such offer is strictly limited to investors that qualify as professional clients 
("Professional Clients") according to Article 4 para. 3 of FinSA and its implementing ordinance, i.e. 
the Swiss Federal Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 2019 ("FinSO"), or unless other 
exemptions, as described below, apply. Accordingly, the Notes may only be distributed or offered, 
and the Base Prospectus or any other marketing material relating to the Notes may only be made 
available to Professional Clients in Switzerland. 
Professional Clients in terms of the FinSA specifically include: 
 
regulated financial intermediaries such as banks, securities houses, fund management 
companies, asset managers of collective investments, or regular asset managers; 
 
regulated insurance companies;

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
foreign clients which are subject to a prudential supervision under the laws of their jurisdiction 
of incorporation equivalent to that applicable to persons listed under (a) and (b) above clients; 
 
central banks; 
 
public entities with professional treasury operations; 
 
occupational pension schemes and other institutions whose purpose is to serve occupational 
pensions with professional treasury operations; 
 
companies with professional treasury operations; 
 
large companies; and 
 
private investment structures with professional treasury operations created for high-net-worth 
private (retail) clients. 
In addition, high-net-worth private (retail) clients and private investment structures created for them 
may declare that they wish to be treated as Professional Clients in accordance with Article 5 FinSA 
(opting out). 
Furthermore, the Notes may be distributed or offered in, into or from Switzerland, if such exempt 
offers (a) are addressed to less than 500 investors, (b) are only addressed to investors that purchase 
financial instruments in an amount of at least CHF 100,000, (c) have a minimum denomination of 
CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies), or (d) do not exceed the value of CHF 8 million (or 
equivalent in other currencies) calculated over a period of 12 months. 
In addition, in the case of offerings of Notes that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative 
character" that will be made to private (retail) clients in, into or from Switzerland (as such expressions 
are understood under FinSA and FinSO), a key information document (KID) prepared either (i) in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
November 26, 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs) or (ii) in accordance with the requirements of the FinSA and the FinSO must be 
made available. 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will only distribute and offer the Notes to 
Professional Clients in, into or from Switzerland. 
The Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such 
prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. The 
offering of the Notes in, into or from Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and 
publish a prospectus under the FinSA because such offering is exclusively made to Professional 
Clients. 
The Issuer reserves the right, at its discretion, to file the Base Prospectus for automatic acceptance 
with the competent Swiss administrative body (Review Body as defined in Article 52 FinSA) pursuant 
to Article 54 para. 2 FinSA. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that:

--- Page 367 ---
367 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (i) to persons whose 
ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); or (ii) 
to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) 
in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken that it will not offer or sell any Notes directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the 
relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 368 ---
368 
TAXATION 
This section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE NOTES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON THE 
STATUS OF THE PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER AND 
REGISTRATION TAXES. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE 
TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES SHOULD 
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS. 
The following is a general description of certain Belgian, French, Luxembourg, Swiss and United States tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences 
under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Belgium, 
Luxembourg, France and/or United States of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in or interpretation thereof law that 
may take effect after such date, possibly with retroactive effect. The information contained within this section 
is limited to taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other 
areas, including but not limited to, the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Taxation in Belgium 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding and 
selling of the Notes obtained by an investor in Belgium. 
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Notes. In some 
cases, different rules may be applicable. Furthermore, the tax rules may be amended in the future, possibly 
implemented with retroactive effect, and the interpretation of the tax rules may change. 
This summary is based on the Belgian tax legislation, treaties, rules, and administrative interpretations and 
similar documentation, in force as of the date of the publication of this offer in Belgium, without prejudice to 
any amendments introduced at a later date, even if implemented with retroactive effect. 
Each prospective holder of Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences 
of an investment in the Notes, taking into account their own specific circumstances. 
Any payment of interest (as defined by Belgian tax law) on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium 
will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate 
of 30 per cent. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro on the date of payment 
or attribution. 
(A) 
Structured Notes 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of 
income from structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the 
variation of the coupons or the repayment terms at maturity, such as securities whose return is linked 
to the evolution of underlying products.  According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured

--- Page 369 ---
369 
securities to a third party (other than the issuer) results in taxation as interest income of the "pro rata 
interest", calculated on an unclear formulae.  In addition, any amount paid in excess of the initial issue 
price upon redemption or repayment of the structured securities is considered as interest for Belgian 
tax purposes.  It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax legislation.  
Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles set out 
in the circular letter to the structured Notes (the "Structured Notes" for the purpose of the following 
paragraphs). 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer will indeed be viewed 
as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for 
the purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in 
case of sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer) would not be possible, on the basis that it is 
currently impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest". 
(1) 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
("Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques"), who are holding the Structured Notes 
as a private investment are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Structured 
Notes in Belgium.  Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when 
Belgian resident individuals acquire the Structured Notes for professional purposes or when 
their transactions with respect to the Structured Notes fall outside the scope of the normal 
management of their own private estate. 
Payments of interest on the Structured Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in 
principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest 
received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes).  The Belgian withholding tax 
constitutes the final income tax for Belgian resident individuals.  This means that they do not 
have to declare the interest obtained on the Structured Notes in their personal income tax 
return, provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Structured 
Notes in their personal income tax return.  Also, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without 
the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, the interest received (after deduction of any non-
Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal income tax return.  Interest income 
which is declared this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the 
relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other 
declared income, whichever is more beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due.  The 
Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited against the income tax liability. 
 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Structured Notes in Belgium. Different rules apply to companies subject to a 
special tax regime, such as investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the 
Belgian Income Tax Code 1992. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Structured Notes will be subject to 
Belgian corporate income tax at the current ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. 
(with, subject to certain conditions, a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche 
of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies (as defined by Article 1:24, 
§1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code)).  If the income has been subject

--- Page 370 ---
370 
to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due.  For 
interest income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is 
equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, 
up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations).  
Capital losses are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments on the Structured Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium are in 
principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but can under certain circumstances be 
exempt from Belgian withholding tax, provided that certain formalities are complied with.  
For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption will only apply if the Belgian company and the 
Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of article 105, 6° of the Royal Decree of 
27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992.  The withholding tax 
that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the 
following tax treatment with respect to the Structured Notes in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Structured Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in 
principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no further tax on legal 
entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the Belgian non-profit legal entity 
itself is responsible for the deduction and payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax.  
(2) 
Sale to a third party 
No Belgian withholding tax should apply to the sale of Structured Notes to a third party. 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
("Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques"), are currently not liable to Belgian 
income tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes to a 
third party, provided that the Structured Notes have not been used for their professional 
activity and that the capital gain is realised within the framework of the normal management 
of their private estate.  Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, Belgian resident individuals may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax 
(plus local surcharges) if the capital gains on the Structured Notes are deemed to be 
speculative or outside the scope of the normal management of the individuals' private estate.  
Capital losses arising from such transactions are tax deductible under certain conditions. 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Structured Notes held for professional purposes are 
taxable at the ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for 
Structured Notes held for more than five years, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per 
cent. (plus local surcharges).  Capital losses on the Structured Notes incurred by Belgian 
resident individuals holding the Structured Notes for professional purposes are in principle 
tax deductible.

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on 
the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes to a third party, 
irrespective of whether such Structured Notes relate to shares or other assets or indices.  The 
current standard corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25 per cent. (with, subject to certain 
conditions, a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of 
taxable income of qualifying small companies (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code)). 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment 
companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992. 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales"), are currently not liable to 
Belgian income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes to 
a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes are in principle not tax 
deductible. 
(B) 
Other Notes 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian withholding tax considerations with respect 
to Notes other than Structured Notes. 
For Belgian tax purposes, periodic interest income and amounts paid by the Issuer in excess of the 
issue price (whether or not on the maturity date) are qualified and taxable as "interest".  In addition, if 
the Notes qualify as fixed income securities within the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian 
Income Tax Code of 1992, in case of a realisation of the Notes between two interest payment dates, 
an income equal to the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period is also taxable 
as interest. 
For the purposes of the following paragraphs, any such gains and accrued interest are therefore referred 
to as interest. 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
("Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques"), and who hold the Notes as a private 
investment, are in Belgium subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any 
non-Belgian withholding taxes).  The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax for 
Belgian resident individuals.  This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the 
Notes in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these 
interest payments.

--- Page 372 ---
372 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, 
the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the 
personal income tax return and will be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are 
realised outside the scope of the normal management of one's private estate or unless the capital gains 
qualify as interest (as defined above).  Capital losses are tax deductible under certain conditions. 
 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are in Belgium subject to the following tax treatment 
with respect to the Notes.  Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as 
investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992. 
Interest derived by Belgian resident companies on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes 
will be subject to Belgian Corporate Income Tax at the current ordinary corporate income tax rate of 
25 per cent. (with, subject to certain conditions, a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first 
tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies (as defined by Article 1:24, 
§1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code)).  If the income has been subject to a 
foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due.  For interest 
income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to the 
foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a maximum of 
15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations).  Capital losses are in principle 
tax deductible.  
Interest payments on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium are in principle subject to a 
30 per cent. withholding tax, but can under certain circumstances be exempt from Belgian withholding 
tax, provided that certain formalities are complied with.  For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption 
will only apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of 
article 105, 6° of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 
1992.  The withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions. 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian income tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the 
interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent 
and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is 
responsible for the declaration and payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain 
qualifies as interest (as defined above).  Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
(C) 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and acquisition of the Structured Notes and other Notes on the secondary market is subject 
to a tax on stock exchange transactions ("Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de

--- Page 373 ---
373 
bourse") if (i) executed in Belgium through a professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be executed 
in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary 
established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals with habitual residence in Belgium, or 
legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium. 
The tax is generally due at a rate of currently 0.12 per cent. on each sale and acquisition separately, 
with a maximum of EUR 1,300 per taxable transaction.  A separate tax is due by each party to the 
transaction, and both taxes are collected by the professional intermediary. However, if the 
intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax will in principle be due by the ordering private 
individual or legal entity, unless that individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax has already been 
paid. Professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium can, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities, appoint a Belgian representative for tax purposes, which will liable for the tax on stock 
exchange transactions in respect of the transactions executed through the professional intermediary. 
Exemptions apply for certain categories of institutional investors and non-residents acting for their 
own account, provided that certain formalities are met.  Transactions on the primary market are not 
subject to this tax. 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for an FTT. The 
proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall 
not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
therefore may be changed at any time. 
(D) 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
On 17 February 2021, a new law has been enacted introducing an annual tax on securities accounts. 
The law introduces an indirect tax on securities accounts (the "Tax on Securities Accounts") which 
applies to securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective 
of whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in 
Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium and to 
non-residents which hold one or more securities accounts through a Belgian establishment. 
Belgian resident and non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities will be taxed at a rate of 
0.15 per cent. on the average value of qualifying financial instruments held on one or more securities 
accounts during a reference period of 12 consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October and 
ending on 30 September of the subsequent year. No Tax on Securities Accounts will be due provided 
that the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts amounts to less than 
EUR 1 million during the specific reference period. If, however, the average value of the qualifying 
financial instruments on those accounts amounts to EUR 1 million or more, the Tax on Securities 
Accounts will be due on the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts 
during the specific reference period (and, hence, not only on the part which exceeds the EUR 1 million 
threshold). However, the amount of the Tax on the Securities Accounts is limited to 10 per cent. of 
the difference between the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts and 
EUR 1 million. 
The financial instruments envisaged include not only shares and bonds, but also derivatives. Each 
securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each holder 
shall be jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the tax return 
requirements for all holders.

--- Page 374 ---
374 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank 
and foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in 
Article 198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking 
firm as defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit 
institutions and investment companies and (vi) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 
of the Law of 25 October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status 
and supervision of portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to 
national law, admitted to hold financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian intermediary. 
Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a securities 
account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of the 
Minister of Finance (the "Tax on Securities Accounts Representative"). The Tax on Securities 
Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare and pay 
the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Tax on Securities Accounts, 
such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has withheld, 
declared and paid the Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account needs to declare 
and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already been withheld, declared and paid 
by either a Belgian intermediary or Tax on Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign 
intermediary. 
The law also provides for certain anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying as from 30 October 
2020: a rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. 
The latter covers the splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held with the 
same intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments held on a securities account, 
into registered financial instruments. 
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities 
for their own account. 
To the extent that the Notes will be held and traded through one or more securities accounts, the value 
of these Notes will in principle be taken into account in determining the amount of Tax on Securities 
Accounts (if any) due by the investor. 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to follow up and to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to this new annual Tax on Securities Accounts and the possible impact thereof on their own 
personal tax position. 
Taxation in France 
The following is a summary of certain French withholding tax consequences in relation to the holding of the 
Notes. It is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive effect.  
This summary is prepared on the assumption that the Issuer is not and will not be a French resident for French 
tax purposes and any transactions in connection with the Notes are not and will not be attributed or 
attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of business of the Issuer in 
France. 
Potential purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own appropriate independent and professionally 
qualified tax advisors as to the tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership of, the Notes. 
In respect of those Notes which are treated as debt for French tax purposes, all payments by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any

--- Page 375 ---
375 
income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein. 
However, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of 
the French Code Général des Impôts and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar revenues received 
by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which 
the payment has been made. Such interest and similar revenues are also subject to social contributions (CSG, 
CRDS and solidarity levy) which are withheld at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent., subject to certain 
exceptions. 
In respect of those Notes which are not treated as debt for French tax purposes, all payments by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein. 
Taxation in Luxembourg 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income 
tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income tax, municipal business tax, net wealth tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably 
apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax as well as to the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal 
business tax may apply as well. 
Withholding Tax 
(A) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(B) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the Luxembourg act of 23 
December 2005, as amended (the "Relibi Act"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Act, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be

--- Page 376 ---
376 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of their private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payment of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Act will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Income Taxation 
(A) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of Notes, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes. A gain realised 
by such non-resident holder of Notes on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes is 
further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes. 
(B) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax 
on repayment of principal. 
 
Luxembourg resident corporate holder of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium 
or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the Luxembourg act of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or by the Luxembourg act of 17 December 2010 on undertakings 
for collective investment, as amended, or by the Luxembourg act of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds, as amended, and which does not fall under the special tax regime set out 
in article 48 thereof or by the Luxembourg act of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, 
as amended, is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, 
any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Notes. 
 
Luxembourg resident individual holder of Notes 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such 
payments in accordance with the Relibi Act, or (ii) the individual holder of the Notes has opted for the 
application of a 20 per cent. tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Act, 
which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a 
EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
(other than a EU Member State). A gain realised by an individual holder of Notes, acting in the course 
of the management of their private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes 
is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six

--- Page 377 ---
377 
months after the Notes were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued 
but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such 
interest in accordance with the Relibi Act. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance 
with the Relibi Act will be credited against their final tax liability. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of Notes is 
 
an undertaking for collective investment governed by the Luxembourg act of 17 December 
2010, as amended, 
 
a special investment fund governed by the Luxembourg act of 13 February 2007, as amended, 
 
a family wealth management company governed by the Luxembourg act of 11 May 2007, as 
amended, 
 
a reserved alternative investment fund governed by the Luxembourg act of 23 July 2016, as 
amended, 
 
a securitisation company governed by the Luxembourg act of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended,  
 
a capital company governed by the law of 13 July 2005 on professional pension institutions, 
as amended, or 
 
a capital company governed by the Luxembourg act of 15 June 2004 on venture capital 
vehicles, as amended1. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether they are a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes. 
Inheritance and Gift Taxation 
(i) 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a Noteholder in 
cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes. 
(ii) 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in case the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed passed before a 
Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to any 
Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes. 
                                                     
1  
Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the Luxembourg act of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or capital companies governed by the Luxembourg act of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 13 July 2005, on professional pension 
institutions, as amended, or reserved investment funds governed by the Luxembourg act of 23 July 2016, as 
amended, and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, under certain 
conditions, be subject to a minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 378 ---
378 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes in Luxembourg 
in the case where the Notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other document subject to 
mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the Notes on a voluntary basis. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the 
Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of Notes. Luxembourg 
value-added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, 
if for Luxembourg value-added tax purposes such services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in 
Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value-added tax does not apply with respect to such 
services. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of such Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that Note. 
Exchange of information for tax purposes 
The Issuer may be required to report certain information about holders of the Notes and, as the case may be, 
about individual holders of the Notes that are entities, on an automatic and annual basis to the Luxembourg 
direct tax administration (Administration des contributions directes) in accordance with, and subject to, the 
Luxembourg law of 24 July 2015 concerning FATCA, and/or the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 
implementing Council Directive 2014/107/EU and the standard for automatic exchange of financial account 
information in tax matters developed by the OECD with the G20 countries (commonly referred to as the 
"Common Reporting Standard"), each as amended from time to time (each an AEOI Law and collectively 
the AEOI Laws). Such information, which may include personal data (including, without limitation, the name, 
address, country(ies) of tax residence, date and place of birth and tax identification number(s) of any reportable 
individual) and certain financial data about the relevant Notes (including, without limitation, their balance or 
value and gross payments made thereunder), will be transferred by the Luxembourg direct tax administration 
to the competent authorities of the relevant foreign jurisdictions in accordance with, and subject to, the relevant 
Luxembourg legislation and international agreements. 
Each holder of the Notes agrees to provide, upon request by the Issuer (or its delegates), any such information, 
documents and certificates as may be required for the purposes of the Issuer's identification and reporting 
obligations under any AEOI Law. The Issuer reserves the right to reject any application for Notes or to redeem 
Notes (i) if the prospective holder of the Notes does not provide the required information, documents or 
certificates or (ii) if the Issuer (or its delegates) has reason to believe that the information, documents or 
certificates provided to the Issuer (or its delegates) are incomplete or incorrect and the holder of the Note does 
not provide, to the satisfaction of the Issuer (or its delegates), sufficient information to cure the situation. 
Holders of the Notes should note that incomplete or inaccurate information may lead to multiple and/or 
incorrect reporting under the AEOI Laws. Neither the Issuer nor any other person accepts any liability for any 
consequences that may result from incomplete or inaccurate information provided to the Issuer (or its 
delegates). Any holder of the Notes failing to comply with the Issuer's information requests may be charged 
with any taxes and penalties imposed on the Issuer attributable to such holder of the Notes' failure to provide 
complete and accurate information. 
Each holder of the Notes acknowledges and agrees that the Issuer will be responsible to collect, store, process 
and transfer the relevant information, including the personal data, in accordance with the AEOI Laws. Each 
individual whose personal data has been processed for the purposes of any AEOI Law has a right of access to 
his/her personal data and may ask for a rectification thereof in cases where such data is inaccurate or 
incomplete.

--- Page 379 ---
379 
Taxation in Switzerland 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Swiss tax considerations 
that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and, in particular, does not 
consider specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is for general 
information only and does not discuss all tax consequences of an investment in Notes under the tax laws of 
Switzerland. This summary is based on the tax laws of Switzerland currently in force and as applied on the 
date of this Base Prospectus which are subject to changes (or changes in interpretation) which may have 
retroactive effect. Prospective purchasers are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes in the light of their particular 
circumstances. 
Swiss Income Tax 
Swiss Resident Noteholders 
Interest Payments or Redemption of Notes 
Swiss residents receiving periodic interest payments during the investment or at redemption as one-time-
interest generally must include these interest payments in their financial statements and/or in their income tax 
returns and owe individual income tax or corporate income tax on the relevant amounts. 
Notes which are not straight debt instruments but have components of debt instruments and derivatives 
intertwined generally qualify as combined instruments. The tax treatment of such Notes depends on whether 
the Notes are considered as transparent or not for Swiss income tax purposes. 
If the Note is considered as not transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, any amount received by the 
Noteholder (upon sale, lapse, exercise or redemption) in excess of the amount invested (at issue or upon 
purchase) is treated as taxable income in the hands of the Noteholder if the Note qualifies as a note with 
predominant one-time interest payment. If the Note does not qualify as a note with predominant one-time 
interest payment, the Noteholder is subject to tax on the periodic interest payments and (at redemption) on the 
difference between initial issuance price and the redemption price. For the purpose of determining whether the 
Note is a note with predominant one-time interest payment the difference between initial issuance price and 
the redemption price is treated as one-time interest. 
If the Note is considered as transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, it will be split notionally in a debt 
instrument and a derivative instrument component. Gains or losses on the derivative instrument component 
are treated as capital gains or losses (see below). Interest payments received during the investment, at lapse or 
exercise or at redemption as one-time interest related to the debt instrument component are treated as taxable 
income in the hands of the Noteholder. Such a treatment is also applicable for the purpose of determining 
whether the Note is a note with predominant one-time interest payment. 
The Note is generally considered as transparent if the debt and the derivative components are traded separately 
or if the different elements of the Note (such as the guaranteed redemption amount, the issuance price of the 
debt component, the interest rates determining the issuance price of the debt component) are separately stated 
in the sales documentation as well as in the offering prospectus and if each one of such components is 
separately evaluated. Such evaluation has to be performed through calculations of financial mathematics 
determining the intrinsic value of the debt instrument and the derivative instrument components contained in 
the Note. In particular, the calculations have to determine the notional issuance price of the debt instrument, 
based on the interest rate taken into account by the issuer which has to be at market value. The Swiss Federal 
Tax Administration has to approve such calculations. Such calculations have to be reviewed on a quarterly 
basis in order take into account the evolution of the interest rates. If the tax authorities are not provided with 
sufficient information the Notes can be treated as not transparent. Products with prevalent structures but for 
which the issuer does not provide the information allowing to distinguish the different elements of a product 
as described above are made transparent in retrospect by the tax authorities, banks or other channels of

--- Page 380 ---
380 
distribution if the following requirements are fulfilled: (a) the issuer of the product must have at least a single-
A-rating; and (b) the product at hand has to be admitted to official quotation at the commercial exchange 
market or, at least, a market maker has to insure liquid trading of the product at hand. Liquid trading by a 
market maker is a condition that the key data of the product can be used as credible basis of calculation. 
Capital Gains 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders 
Swiss resident Noteholders who do not qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for income tax 
purposes ("gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler") and who hold the Notes as part of their private (as 
opposed to business) assets are hereby defined as Swiss Resident Private Noteholders. 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders realise a tax-free capital gain upon the disposal of Notes which do not 
qualify as notes with predominant one-time interest payment and realise taxable income if the Notes qualify 
as notes with predominant one-time interest payment. 
The tax treatment of capital gains on Notes which qualify as combined instruments (see above) depends on 
whether the Note qualifies as tax transparent or not. Notes which are not transparent for Swiss income tax 
purposes (see above) generally qualify as notes with predominant one-time interest payment and are treated as 
such. Notes which qualify as tax transparent are notionally split into a debt instrument and a derivative 
instrument component. The debt instrument component follows the usual tax treatment either as note with 
predominant one-time interest payment or as note with no predominant one-time interest payment as 
applicable. Capital gains arising from the derivative instrument component of transparent Notes are generally 
not subject to income tax in the hands of Swiss Resident Private Noteholders. 
Swiss Resident Business Noteholders 
Gains realised on the sale of Notes, by Swiss resident individual Noteholders holding the Notes as part of their 
business assets as well as by Swiss resident legal entity Noteholders, are part of their business profit subject to 
individual income tax or corporate income taxes, respectively. The same applies to Swiss Resident Private 
Noteholders 
who 
qualify 
as 
so-called 
professional 
securities 
dealer 
("gewerbsmässiger 
Wertschriftenhändler"). 
Non-Swiss Resident Noteholders 
Under present Swiss tax law, a Noteholder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the taxable 
year has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business within 
Switzerland and who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, will not be subject to any 
Swiss federal, cantonal or municipal income tax on interest or gains realised on sale or redemption of the 
Notes. 
Swiss Stamp Duties 
The sale or transfer of the Notes with a duration of more than one year may be subject to Swiss transfer stamp 
duty at the current rate of 0.3 per cent. If such sale or transfer is made by or through the intermediary of a 
Swiss bank or other securities dealer as defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies. Notes 
qualified as units in a foreign investment fund may be subject to the Swiss transfer stamp duty of up to 0.3 per 
cent. at issue. 
On 17 December 2021, the Swiss Parliament adopted an amendment of the Swiss Stamp Tax Act which 
abolishes the Swiss transfer stamp duty on bonds of Swiss issuers. Should this amendment come into force as 
envisaged, the Swiss transfer stamp duty on domestic bonds would be abolished in the future. Accordingly, 
secondary market transactions in Notes issued by a resident and qualifying as bonds would be exempt from 
Swiss transfer stamp duty in the future. On the other hand, secondary market transactions in Notes issued by

--- Page 381 ---
381 
a non-resident and qualifying as foreign bonds would remain subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty at a rate of 
up to 0.3%. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
According to current Swiss tax law and the present practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, all 
payments in respect of the Notes by a non-Swiss resident issuer are currently not subject to the Swiss 
withholding tax ("Verrechnungssteuer"), provided that the issuer of the Notes is at all times domiciled and 
effectively managed outside of Switzerland. 
On 17 December 2021, the Swiss Parliament adopted a bill to amend the Swiss federal withholding tax act 
(strengthening the debt capital market). The new law provides for the complete abolition of Swiss withholding 
tax on domestic interest payments (with the exception of interest payments on bank deposits to domestic 
individuals). However, interest payments on bonds issued before 1 January 2023 by an issuer formally 
domiciled in Switzerland will continue to be subject to Swiss withholding tax after the new law comes into 
force. In the case of an issuer formally domiciled abroad, on the other hand, interest payments on bonds issued 
before 1 January 2023 will no longer be subject to Swiss withholding tax when the new law comes into force. 
As long as the Issuer is formally domiciled abroad, with the entry into force of the new law, payments of 
interest would thus no longer be subject to Swiss withholding tax, provided that the Notes do not qualify as 
bank deposits. If there was a deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any interest payments in 
respect of the Notes, the holders of Notes would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result 
of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Notes.  
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation of 
FATCA (the "IGA"). Under the U.S.-Switzerland IGA, financial institutions acting out of Switzerland 
generally are directed to become participating foreign financial institutions ("FFIs"). The agreement ensures 
that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities 
either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative 
assistance. Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be 
exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement 
between the U.S. and Switzerland (the "DTA"). On 20 September 2019, Switzerland and the U.S. ratified the 
2009 protocol (the "Protocol") amending the DTA. With the subsequent exchange of the ratification 
instruments, the amended DTA entered into force, and provide for a mechanism for the exchange of 
information upon request in tax matters between Switzerland and the United States, which is in line with 
international standards, and allows the United States to make group requests under FATCA concerning non-
consenting U.S. accounts and non-consenting non-participating foreign financial institutions for periods from 
30 June 2014. Furthermore, on 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations 
with the U.S. on changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant 
information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. 
tax authorities. It is not yet known when any new regime would come into force. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the "MCAA"). 
The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and is 
intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information (the "AEOI"). The 
Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the "AEOI Act") entered 
into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard in 
Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. The 
agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the principle 
of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax

--- Page 382 ---
382 
proceedings)) and adequate data protection. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect 
or signed and becoming effective, including the dates of commencement of data collection and data exchange, 
can be found on the website of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters SIF 
<www.sif.admin.ch>. 
Based on such bilateral or multilateral agreements, as the case may be, and the implementation of Swiss law, 
Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including the Notes, held in, and income 
derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of 
individuals resident in a European Union member state or in a treaty state. 
EU Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
"Commission's proposal"), for a financial transaction tax ("FTT") to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia) although Estonia has stated it will not participate. If the Commission's proposal was adopted, 
the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the Issuer) in relation to 
"financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of derivative contracts and the 
purchase and sale of financial instruments). 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating member state. A financial institution may be, 
or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating member state or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating member state. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted based 
on the Commission's proposal.  Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract in 
the context of the Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged assets). 
The Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Notes and 
therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected in respect of the Notes. It should also be 
noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is 
adopted based on the Commission's proposal. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of 
Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is however some uncertainty in relation to the 
intended scope of this exemption for certain money market instruments and structured issues. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states. It may therefore be 
altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate and/or participating member states may decide to withdraw. Prospective holders of the 
Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") treats a "dividend equivalent" 
payment as a dividend from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. 
withholding tax which may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax 
liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made 
pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, 
or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a payment 
made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or 
determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any 
other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S.

--- Page 383 ---
383 
Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance ("Section 871(m) Regulations"), 
require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend 
equivalent payments. Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return 
sufficiently similar to that of the underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Note a "Specified Note"). 
Certain exceptions to this withholding requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-
based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made upon 
the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of the Specified Note.  If the underlying U.S. security or 
securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Note, withholding generally will still 
be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for cash payments explicitly linked to dividends. The 
Issuer intends to withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Notes in respect of any dividend 
equivalent arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. 
holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). The Issuer is 
unable to apply such an exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding because many central securities 
depositories do not provide identifying information regarding the beneficial owners of any Specified Note and 
the Issuer does not expect that the relevant clearing system(s) clearing such Specified Notes will provide such 
information. If the beneficial owner of a payment is entitled to a reduced rate of withholding under a tax treaty, 
this may result in over-withholding and the beneficial owner may not be able to obtain a refund. Furthermore, 
the Issuer will not be able to assist in any refund claims. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that 
withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Holders entitled to a reduced rate of withholding should consult 
their tax advisers regarding an investment in any Specified Notes. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Notes issued on or after 1 January 2017.  If the 
terms of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Note generally 
would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, based 
on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is a Specified Note. Similarly, if additional 
Notes of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out 
of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing 
Notes are Specified Notes as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of 
scope Note might be treated as a Specified Note following such modification or further issuance. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes 
are Specified Notes and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to such Notes. The applicable Final Terms will also indicate if payments on a 
series of Specified Notes are calculated by reference to "Net Dividends" (i.e., the dividends paid by an issuer 
of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S. federal withholding tax) or "Net Total Returns" (i.e., the net total return 
of the U.S. source dividend paying components, as calculated by the relevant Index Sponsor, of an index that 
reinvests U.S. source dividends paid by an issuer of a security that is a component of the index net of 30 per 
cent. U.S. withholding tax on U.S. source dividends). A non-U.S. holder of such Specified Notes should expect 
to be subject to withholding in respect of any underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities. The Issuer's 
determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) 
Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their 
application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Notes. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, withholding may be required on, 
among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign financial institutions" ("foreign passthru 
payments") and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described above in "–U.S. Dividend Equivalent 
Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.

--- Page 384 ---
384 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including 
Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the 
relevant grandfathering date would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). The grandfathering date for (A) 
Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which 
final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, 
and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are 
first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional notes (as described under  "Terms and 
Conditions of the Euro Notes – Further Issues" and "Terms and Conditions of the Luxembourg Notes – Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from such previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. 
Certain considerations for ERISA and other employee benefit plans 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
restrictions on employee benefit plans that are subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of 
ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying assets 
include the assets of any such plan (collectively, "ERISA Plans"), and on persons who are fiduciaries with 
respect to these ERISA Plans.  In accordance with ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, a fiduciary with 
respect to an ERISA Plan who is considering the purchase of Notes on behalf of the ERISA Plan should 
determine whether the purchase is permitted under the governing ERISA Plan documents and is prudent and 
appropriate for the ERISA Plan in view of its overall investment policy and the composition and diversification 
of its portfolio.  Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"), prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan (as well as those 
plans that are not subject to Title I of ERISA but which are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts ("IRAs") or Keogh plans (together with any entities whose underlying assets 
include the assets of any such plans or accounts and with ERISA Plans, "Plans")) and persons who have certain 
specified relationships to the Plan ("parties in interest" within the meaning of ERISA or "disqualified persons" 
within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code).  A party in interest or disqualified person who engages in a 
prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and/or 
the Code.  A fiduciary of a Plan (including the owner of an IRA) that engages in a prohibited transaction may 
also be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. 
BGL, directly or through its Affiliates, may be considered a "party in interest" or a "disqualified person" with 
respect to many Plans.  The purchase of Notes by a Plan with respect to which BGL is a party in interest or a 
disqualified person may constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA 
and Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary 
making the decision to acquire such Notes and the circumstances under which such decision is made.  Included 
among these exemptions are Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 84-14 (an exemption for

--- Page 385 ---
385 
certain transactions determined by an independent qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 91-38 (an 
exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds), PTCE 90-1 (an exemption for 
certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 95-60 (an exemption 
for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), and PTCE 96-23 (an exemption for 
certain transactions determined by an in-house asset manager).  In addition, the exemption under Section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code may be available, provided (i) none of BGL or the 
Dealers or affiliates or employees thereof is a Plan fiduciary that has or exercises any discretionary authority 
or control with respect to the Plan's assets used to purchase the Notes or renders investment advice with respect 
to those assets and (ii) the Plan is paying no more than adequate consideration for the Notes.  There can be no 
assurance that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular 
transaction involving the Notes.  Any Plan fiduciary (including the owner of an IRA) considering the purchase 
of Notes should consider carefully the possibility of prohibited transactions and the availability of exemptions.  
U.S. governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 
3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as descried in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to local, state, federal or non-U.S. laws or regulations 
that are substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 
4975 of the Code ("Similar Law").  ANY PENSION OR OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, 
INCLUDING ANY SUCH GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN AND ANY INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, PROPOSING TO ACQUIRE ANY NOTES SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS 
COUNSEL BEFORE PURCHASING ANY NOTES. 
Accordingly, by its purchase of any Notes (or any interest therein), the purchaser or transferee thereof (and the 
person, if any, directing the acquisition of the Notes by the purchaser or transferee) will be deemed to represent, 
on each day from the date on which the purchaser or transferee acquires the Notes (or any interest therein) 
through and including the date on which the purchaser or transferee disposes of such Notes (or its interests 
therein), either that (a) such purchaser or transferee is not, and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of, 
(i) an "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
"plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity 
whose underlying assets include the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of Department 
of Labor Regulation Section 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) (each of 
the foregoing, a "Benefit Plan Investor"), or (iv) a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to 
any Similar Law, or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Notes (or any interest therein) 
(including, if applicable, the receipt of any Guarantee or Entitlement) will not constitute or result in a 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any Similar Law) unless an exemption is available with 
respect to such transactions and all the conditions of such exemption have been satisfied. 
Additionally, if the purchaser or transferee of any Notes (or any interest therein) is, or is acting on behalf of or 
using the assets of, a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be further deemed to represent, warrant and agree that (i) 
none of the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agent, the Registrar or 
other persons that provide marketing services, or any of their respective affiliates, has provided any investment 
recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the 
Benefit Plan Investor ("Plan Fiduciary"), has relied as a primary basis in connection with its decision to invest 
in the Notes, and they are not otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA 
or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan Investor or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the 
Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of the Notes, and (ii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent 
judgment in evaluating the investment in the Notes. 
Nothing herein shall be construed as a representation that any investment in Notes would meet any or all of 
the relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by, or is appropriate for, Plans generally or any 
particular Plan.  Notes sold by BGL or its Affiliates may be subject to additional restrictions.

--- Page 386 ---
386 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Executive 
Committee of the Issuer dated 13 June 2022 and the Board of Directors dated 23 September 2021 respectively. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a Base Prospectus in respect of the Non-
exempt Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  Application may be made to (i) the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of this 
Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market 
or on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Regulated Market, and/or (ii) Euronext Brussels for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Brussels, which is the regulated market of Euronext Brussels.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this document as a base prospectus 
in respect of Exempt Notes in accordance with Part IV of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on 
prospectuses for securities, and for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of 
approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF Market).  
The Luxembourg Regulated Market, and the Belgian Regulated Market are both regulated markets for the 
purpose of the MiFID II. The Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is not a regulated market 
for the purpose of the MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection from 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents.html: 
 
the constitutional documents (in French) of the Issuer (being the memorandum and the articles of 
association); 
 
a copy of the Base Prospectus; and 
 
any future base prospectus, supplements and Final Terms and Pricing Supplements (save that Pricing 
Supplements relating to Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange or quotation system will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to the identity of such holder) to this Base Prospectus and 
any other documents incorporated therein by reference. 
Copies of the following documents, when published, (i) will be available for inspection only at the specified 
office of the Agent and (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to 
the Agent or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Agent or 
the Issuer, as the case may be): the Programme Agreement and the Agency Agreement (which includes the 
forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons and the Global Certificates and Individual Certificates and the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 387 ---
387 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes are to 
be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Clearnet is Palais de la Bourse, Place de la Bourse, B-1000 Brussels. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the relevant Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant and material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021 (being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial statements have been 
published).  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer since 31 December 
2021 (being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial statements have been published). 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information in relation to any underlying in relation to any 
issue of Notes constituting derivative securities, except as otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or if 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
Passporting 
The Issuer may make applications for one or more certificates of approval under Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation to be issued by the CSSF to the competent authority in any other Member State. 
Supplements 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (in the case 
of Non-exempt Notes) or Rule 206 of Part 2, Chapter 2 of the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 388 ---
388 
Exchange (in the case of Exempt Notes). Any such supplement will be published on the official website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.bgl.lu/en/official-documents/produits-derives.html.

--- Page 389 ---
389 
THE ISSUER 
BGL BNP Paribas 
50, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2951 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
AGENT 
(prior to the Merger Date (as defined in the relevant Conditions)) 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
AGENT 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
(prior to the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
REGISTRAR 
(prior to the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
REGISTRAR 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
TRANSFER AGENT 
(prior to the Merger Date) 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 390 ---
390 
TRANSFER AGENT 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 391 ---
391 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER 
As to Luxembourg law: 
As to English law: 
Allen & Overy  
Allen & Overy LLP 
Société en commandite simple 
One Bishops Square 
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
London, E1 6AD 
5 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
United Kingdom 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
PO Box 5017, L-1050 Luxembourg 
 
Luxembourg 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 
 
Deloitte Audit S.à r.l. 
560, rue de Neudorf 
L-2220 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
BGL BNP Paribas 
50, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2951 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
DEALER 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
0082401-0000076 UKO2: 2004771015.19