--- Page 1 ---
This base prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 1 March 2024 and is valid 
for twelve months after the date of the approval. The obligation to supplement this base prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BLUESTEP BANK AB (publ) 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
SEK 5,000,000,000 MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Dealers 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
This base prospectus (this “Base Prospectus”) relates to the programme for continuous issuance by Bluestep Bank AB (publ), Reg. No. 556717-
5129, (the “Company”, “Bluestep” or the “Issuer”) (and any reference to the “Group” shall be a reference to the Company and its 
subsidiaries) of senior medium term notes and subordinated medium term notes in Swedish kronor (“SEK”), euro (“EUR”) or Norwegian 
kroner (“NOK”) with a tenor of minimum one (1) year and a nominal amount which may not be lower than EUR 100,000 (or the corresponding 
amount in SEK or NOK) (the “MTN-Programme” and the “Medium Term Notes”, respectively).  
This Base Prospectus and any offers in accordance herewith are governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions have the same meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly 
stated otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration 
or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to 
comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, the Medium Term 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. No Medium Term 
Note has been, and no Medium Term Note will be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved 
by the Company and the Company assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Base 
Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Medium Term Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct and 
current as at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Company’s or the Group’s 
business since the date of this Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such 
material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/ 1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
MiFID II Product Governance and PRIIPs 
In respect of each issue of Medium Term Notes, each Issuing Dealer will undertake a target market assessment in respect of such Medium 
Term Notes and determine the appropriate channels for distribution for such Medium Term Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending such Medium Term Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a 
distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of such Medium Term Notes (either by adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate 
distribution channels. For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue as to whether any Issuing Dealer participating in the issue of 
Medium Term Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Medium Term Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Should certain Medium Term Notes constitute ‘packaged retail investment products’ under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”), such Medium Term Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). This limitation is a result of the fact that no key information document required under the PRIIPs Regulation 
has been, or will be, prepared for any Medium Term Notes under the programme, which is required when the Medium Term Notes subject 
to the PRIIPs Regulation are offered to retail investors. Consequently, the offering or selling of the Medium Term Notes, or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA, may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. A retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
(as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s current views or expectations with respect to 
future events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar 
expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, 
constitute forward-looking information. Although the Company believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and 
expectations, the Company cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement. 
Factors that could cause the Company’s and the Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, those described in “Risk factors”. The forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus 
apply only to the date of the Base Prospectus. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-
looking information that can be ascribed to the Company and the Group or persons acting on the Company behalf is subject to the 
reservations in or referred to in this section.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Table of contents 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN-PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 10 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS .................................................................................................................... 39 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 67 
DESCRIPTION OF BLUESTEP .................................................................................................................. 73 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS ......................................................... 80 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ........................................................................................... 83 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ......................................................... 83 
ADDRESSES .......................................................................................................................................... 89

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN-PROGRAMME 
 
General information 
Bluestep has established the MTN-Programme for the purpose of issuing Medium Term Notes up to a 
total amount of SEK 5,000,000,000 (five billion) (or corresponding amount in EUR or NOK) or such other 
amount that the Dealers and the Company may agree. The Medium Term Notes may be issued with a 
tenor of not less than one (1) year. The Medium Term Notes may be issued in SEK, EUR or NOK with fixed 
interest rate, floating interest rate or as zero-coupon bonds. The Medium Term Notes may not be issued 
with a Nominal Amount of less than EUR 100,000 (or corresponding amount in SEK or NOK). Each Medium 
Term Loan is given a specific loan identification number (ISIN). 
Bluestep has appointed Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as arranger and Nordea Bank Abp, 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as dealers. Further 
dealers may be appointed. The Dealers have not verified and are not responsible for the contents of the 
Base Prospectus. 
A holder of the Medium Term Notes represents itself in its capacity as Noteholder in all matters relating 
to the Medium Term Notes and this MTN-Programme. Under the Terms and Conditions, the 
Administrative Agent has the right to (and shall if requested by the Company, a Dealer or Noteholders 
holding a certain percentage of a Medium Term Loan) convene a Noteholders’ Meeting (please refer to 
Clause 16 of the Terms and Conditions). 
Investing in the Medium Term Notes entails certain risks for the investor (please refer to the section “Risk 
Factors”). An investor resolving to invest in the Medium Term Notes must rely on its own independent 
assessment of the Company and the relevant Medium Term Notes, including the relevant existing factual 
circumstances and risks. A potential investor should hire its own professional advisors and carefully 
examine and assess its investment decision. Investors may only rely on information explicitly set out in 
this Base Prospectus (including any supplements hereto). The Medium Term Notes are not a suitable 
investment for all investors. Each potential investor should consider whether the Medium Term Notes is 
an appropriate investment given the particular circumstances of that investor. In particular, every investor 
should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to be able to adequately evaluate (i) the Medium Term 
Notes and (ii) the information set out in this Base Prospectus and any supplements hereto; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools in order to, in the context of its own 
financial situation, be able to evaluate an investment in the Medium Term Notes and the effect of 
such investment on the portfolio of such investor; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial means and liquidity to carry the risks associated with an investment in the 
Medium Term Notes, including where the nominal amount and/or interest payments may be made 
in different currencies or where the currency of the principal amount or interest deviates from the 
currency of the investor; 
(d) 
fully understand the terms and conditions of a Medium Term Loan and be familiar with relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be capable of evaluating (itself or with the assistance of financial advisors) possible scenarios for 
economical, interest rate related or other factors that may affect the investment and the ability of 
the investor to carry the relevant risks. 
Form of the Medium Term Notes 
The Medium Term Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities 
Account on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. The Medium Term 
Notes are registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lagen

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) or the Norwegian CSD 
Act (as applicable) and registration requests relating to the Medium Term Notes shall be directed to an 
Account Operator. The Medium Term Notes may be freely transferred. 
The Company has appointed Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo Branch as issuing and paying 
agent to establish and manage the Company’s account in the VPS in accordance with Norwegian law, to 
register the Company’s issues of the Medium Term Notes in the VPS and perform payments of interest 
and principal in respect of such Medium Term Notes. 
Status of the Medium Term Notes 
The status of the Medium Term Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, by using either of the 
headings ‘Notes’ or ‘Subordinated Notes’. 
The Notes constitute senior unsecured obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company, except those obligations 
which are mandatorily preferred by law. 
The rights of the Noteholders under the Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the liquidation 
(Sw. likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the Company, be subordinated in right of payment to the 
claims of depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Company but shall rank at least pari passu 
with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Company (excluding creditors whose rights are expressed 
to rank in priority to the holders of the Subordinated Notes). 
Sales 
Sales will take place through the Dealers receiving issue and sale instructions from the Company. Purchase 
and sale of the Medium Term Notes will be made over the counter or on the marketplace where the 
Medium Term Notes are admitted to trading. Payments for and delivery of the Medium Term Notes takes 
place through the relevant CSD’s book-entry system. 
Pricing of the Medium Term Notes 
The price of the Medium Term Notes cannot be established in advance but is set in connection with the 
relevant issue on the basis of prevailing market conditions. The Medium Term Notes may be issued at a 
price corresponding to, below or exceeding the relevant Nominal Amount. The interest (if any) applicable 
to the Medium Term Notes depends on several factors, one of which is the interest rate applicable to 
other investments with a corresponding term. 
Admission to trading on a regulated market 
If stated in the applicable Final Terms for a Medium Term Loan, an application for admission to trading on 
a regulated market will be made. In relation to a Medium Term Loan which according to its Final Terms 
will be subject to trading on a regulated market, the Company will apply for admission to trading at 
Nasdaq Stockholm, Oslo Børs or another regulated market and take such measures as may be required to 
maintain such listing during the term of that Medium Term Loan. The marketplace to which the 
application is made will carry out its own assessment of the application and will approve or reject the 
registration. 
The Company is responsible for all costs associated with admission to trading of Medium Term Loans 
under this MTN-Programme such as the costs of producing a prospectus, admission to trading, 
documentation and fees to Euroclear Sweden and VPS.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Credit rating 
When investing in the Medium Term Notes, the investor takes a credit risk on the Company. The 
applicable Final Terms for a Medium Term Loan will stipulate whether the Medium Term Loan shall be 
assigned a credit rating. Such credit rating reflects the assessment by an independent rating agency of the 
creditworthiness of the Company with respect to the relevant Medium Term Loan, i.e. its ability to fulfil 
payment obligations in a timely manner, and may assess the applicable Loan Terms. On 7 November 2023, 
the credit rating agency Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (“Moody’s”) assigned a local and foreign 
currency long term deposit rating of A3, Stable Outlook to the Company. Moody’s is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (as amended). 
Statute of Limitation 
Claims for principal amounts under a Medium Term Loan will be subject to time bar ten years after the 
relevant Maturity Date. Claims on interest will be subject to time bar three years after each relevant 
interest payment date. If a claim becomes void due to the time barring of claims, amounts set aside for 
payment of such claim will fall to the Company. Where a period of limitation is duly interrupted, a new 
period of ten years (or three years, respectively) will start to run in accordance with the Limitations Act 
(Sw. preskriptionslagen (1981:130)). 
Governing law 
The Terms and Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection therewith are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. The 
Company submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms 
tingsrätt). Norwegian law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regards to the registration of Medium 
Term Notes in VPS. 
Processing of personal data 
In order to comply with the Loan Terms, the Company and the Administrative Agent, may, acting as data 
controllers, collect and process personal data. The processing is based on the Company’s or the 
Administrative Agent’s legitimate interest to fulfil its respective obligations under the Loan Terms. Unless 
otherwise required or permitted by law, the personal data will not be kept longer than necessary given 
the purpose of the processing. To the extent permitted under the Loan Terms, personal data may be 
shared with third parties, such as Euroclear, which will process the personal data further as a separate 
data controller. Data subjects generally have right to know what personal data the Company and the 
Administrative Agent processes about them and may request the same in writing at the Issuer’s or the 
Administrative Agent’s registered address. In addition, data subjects have the right to request that 
personal data is rectified and have the right to receive personal data provided by themselves in machine-
readable format. Information about the Company’s and the Administrative Agent’s respective personal 
data processing can be obtained by requesting the same in writing at the Company’s or the Administrative 
Agent’s registered address. 
Sustainability Linked MTN 
The Company may issue Sustainability Linked MTN under this MTN Programme. In such case, the 
Company shall publish or have published a Sustainability Linked MTN framework on its website 
(www.bluestepbank.com) (the “Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework”). In order for a Note Loan to be 
a Sustainability Linked MTN, the Final Terms of such Note Loan shall specify that it is a Sustainability Linked 
MTN. The terms and conditions applicable to Sustainability Linked MTN are to be in line with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and will be is set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms for the relevant Sustainability Linked MTN. The proceeds of any issued Sustainability Linked MTN 
will be used as stated in the final terms of the relevant note. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Company has not published a Sustainability Linked MTN framework.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
The Company will make any second opinion, if provided by a third-party advisor, relating to Sustainability 
Linked MTN available to the Noteholders by way of publication on the website of the Company, following 
an issue of Sustainability Linked MTN and for as long as any Sustainability Linked MTN are outstanding. 
For Sustainability Linked MTN, the interest rate may, in accordance with what is stated in the Final Terms, 
increase or decrease depending on the Company’s sustainability performance. An interest rate increase 
may occur unless the External Reviewer confirms that the Sustainability Performance Target has been 
reached within certain time. On the other hand, if the Company meets the Sustainability Performance 
Target and the External Reviewer confirms that the Sustainability Performance Target has been reached 
with the relevant time, the interest rate may be reduced. The Sustainability Performance Target, Target 
Date and interest rate adjustment that is to be applied in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN is stated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Further, for a Sustainability Linked MTN where Additional Repayment Amount is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the amount for which the Loan is to be repaid at the Maturity Date may in some cases 
as specified in the Terms and Conditions be increased with the Additional Repayment Amount stated in 
the Final Terms.  
Failure by the Issuer to comply with the Sustainability Terms in relation to a specific Note Loan, or if a 
specific Sustainability Linked MTN due to the Taxonomy Regulation (as defined below) ceases to be 
classified as a Sustainability Linked MTN, does not constitute an event of default or termination event 
under the Note Loan. 
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION 
Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Medium Term Notes issued under the MTN-Programme are governed by the Terms and Conditions 
together with the applicable Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions apply to all Medium Term Loans 
issued under the MTN-Programme. Applicable Final Terms are specified in relation to each Medium Term 
Loan on the basis of the form of final terms set out on page 67 of this Base Prospectus. The applicable 
Final Terms must be read together with the Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms specify, among other 
things, Loan Date, the basis for interest calculation, possible rights of early redemption for the Company 
and Maturity Date. The Final Terms in relation to an offer to invest in the Medium Term Notes or in 
relation to Medium Term Notes that are admitted to trading on a regulated market will be submitted for 
registration by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the “Swedish FSA”) 
as soon as possible and in any event prior to an application is made for admission to trading of the relevant 
Medium Term Notes on a regulated market. Final Terms in relation to each Medium Term Loan issued 
under 
the 
MTN-Programme 
will 
also 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
www.bluestepbank.com. 
Repayment and redemption 
The Nominal Amount of a Medium Term Loan (together with accrued interest, if any) falls due for 
repayment on the Maturity Date as specified in the Final Terms. Should the Maturity Date fall on a date 
which is not a Business Day, the Medium Term Loan will however be repaid on the following Business Day. 
The Final Terms for a Medium Term Loan may contain a right or obligation for the Company to repay a 
Medium Term Loan (together with accrued interest, if any) in whole or in part prior to its stated Maturity 
Date. In addition to what is described in this paragraph, certain additional provisions regarding repayment 
in relation to Sustainability Linked MTN may apply (as described above under “Sustainability Linked MTN” 
and in the Terms and Conditions). 
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Noteholder will have the right to demand repayment 
of its Note Loan in accordance with Clause 10 of the Terms and Conditions. A Change of Control Event has 
occurred if there is a Change of Control and either (a) if a particular issue of Notes or the Issuer are rated 
by any Rating Agency (i) a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs and (ii) following

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
such Rating Downgrade neither that particular issue of Notes nor the Issuer carry a public Investment 
Grade Rating from any other Rating Agency, or (b) (i) on the occurrence of the Change of Control, neither 
the Notes nor the Issuer are rated by any Rating Agency and (ii) neither the Notes nor the Issuer are within 
the Change of Control Period assigned a public Investment Grade Rating by a Rating Agency. See further 
in Clause 10 of the Terms and Conditions. 
If a right to an early redemption option for the Company is specified in the Final Terms for a Medium Term 
Loan, the Company may in accordance with and subject to such terms repay the Medium Term Loan prior 
to its Maturity Date. 
Basis for the calculation of interest on the Medium Term Loans 
Fixed Interest Rate 
For Medium Term Loans denominated in SEK or EUR with a fixed interest rate, interest accrues in 
accordance with the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms from, but excluding, the Loan Date, up 
to, and including, the Maturity Date. For Medium Term Loans denominated in NOK with a fixed interest 
rate, interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms from, and 
including, the Loan Date, up to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. Accrued interest for Medium Term Loans 
in SEK, EUR or NOK shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day 
Count Convention 30/360. In addition to what is described in this paragraph, certain additional provisions 
applies to Sustainability Linked MTN with Fixed Interest Rate (as described above under “Sustainability 
Linked MTN” and in the Terms and Conditions). 
Floating Interest Rate (FRN)  
For Medium Term Loans denominated in SEK or EUR with a floating interest rate, interest accrues at the 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms from, but excluding, the Loan Date, up to, and including, the 
Maturity Date. For Medium Term Loans denominated in NOK with a floating interest rate, interest accrues 
at the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms from, and including, the Loan Date, up to, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date. The interest rate for Medium Term Loans in SEK, EUR or NOK is calculated by the 
relevant Administrative Agent on each Interest Determination Date and is comprised by the applicable 
Base Rate plus the applicable Margin. Accrued interest for Medium Term Loans denominated in SEK, EUR 
or NOK shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention Actual/360. In addition to what is described in this paragraph, certain additional provisions 
applies to Sustainability Linked MTN with Floating Rate (as described above under “Sustainability Linked 
MTN” and in the Terms and Conditions). 
European Benchmark Regulation 
Interest payable for Medium Term Notes issued under the MTN-Programme may be calculated by 
reference to certain benchmarks, being EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR, as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions. The benchmarks are provided by the European Money Market Institute (EURIBOR), the 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (STIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NIBOR), which are 
all authorised as administrators pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”).  
Zero Coupon 
Zero Coupon Loans do not bear interest. 
Day count conventions 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, one of the following day count conventions will be 
used for the calculation of interest under the MTN-Programme. 
30/360: The calculation is based on a year of 360 days divided into 12 months of 30 days each and in case 
of a fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have passed.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Actual/360: The calculation is based on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant Interest Period, 
divided by 360. 
Interpolation: Means that interest is calculated based on two known data points in accordance with the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the Company’s economic and 
market risks, risks relating to the Company’s business, legal and regulatory risks, risks relating to all Notes, 
as well as specific risks relating to the Subordinated Notes. The Company’s assessment of the materiality 
of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates 
made on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factor in a category is presented 
first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of 
materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, 
such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COMPANY 
ECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to macroeconomic, geopolitical and market risks 
The Company operates a Nordic specialised mortgage bank with operations in Sweden, Norway and 
Finland. The Company´s business is subject to inherent risks arising from general and sector-specific 
economic conditions, predominantly in Sweden, Norway and Finland, as well as geopolitical factors. A 
deterioration in macroeconomic conditions globally or a reduction in GDP in Sweden, Norway or Finland, 
which may be affected by factors such as consumer confidence, unemployment levels, household 
disposable income and level of debt, the state of the housing market, a general banking crisis, inflation or 
deflation, the cost of electricity, the availability and cost of credit, the liquidity of global financial markets 
or market interest rates, would reduce the level of demand for the products and services of the Company. 
Due to the high level of consumer indebtedness, primarily related to mortgage loans in the Swedish, 
Norwegian and Finnish markets, the Company would be affected by fluctuations on the housing market 
as well as in interest rates in Sweden, Norway and Finland. If any of the above would materialise, there is 
a risk that the Company’s earnings would be adversely affected, volumes of credit issued are reduced, 
revenues are reduced, and write-offs are increased. In addition, during a period of economic slowdown 
or recession, there is a risk that the Company experiences an increase in defaults, an increase in credit 
extension requests, reduced values of collateral or a higher frequency or severity of credit losses. The 
degree to which this risk may affect the Company is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the 
Company. Conversely, if the economic and market conditions improve, leading to improved financial 
circumstances of individuals to whom the Company provides loans, there is a risk that borrowers repay 
or refinance their loans sooner than expected, causing the Company’s loan book to become smaller than 
anticipated, which in turn has an adverse effect on the results of operations. 
Since the Company is subject to risks related to the global economy, the Company may be affected by 
public health epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that negatively affect the global economy such as the 
global COVID-19 pandemic. 
As one of the Company’s core target groups of customers are persons who do not have a permanent 
employment, such as persons that are self-employed, temporary workers, substitutes or project 
employees, a negative economic development, poses a significant risk that the Company’s customers are 
unable to fulfil their obligations under the mortgage loans, having a negative effect on the business of the 
Company. Unemployment in Sweden is expected to increase during 2024, to around 8.4 per cent of the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
labour force on average.1 In Norway and Finland, unemployment is also expected to rise somewhat in 
2024, to 3.8 per cent and 7.4 per cent respectively.2 
The Company is also subject to events and adverse changes affecting the geopolitical landscape, and, in 
particular, events affecting Sweden, Norway and Finland. Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine, which 
commenced in February 2022, serves as a recent example. As a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine and 
related escalating geopolitical tensions, the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and 
other jurisdictions have imposed sanctions on certain Russian and Belarusian persons and entities, 
including, but not limited to, certain banks, energy companies and defence companies, and have imposed 
restrictions on exports of various items to Russia, and may impose increasingly stringent sanctions going 
forward. Continuing or escalating military action and geopolitical tensions in the region could have a 
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and the Company’s results of 
operations to the extent these have an impact on the global economy and in particular the Nordic 
economy, and the macro-economic context in which the Company operates. Furthermore, Sweden and 
Finland applied for membership in the NATO defence alliance on 18 May 2022 against the backdrop of 
the changed security policy situation following Russia’s war against Ukraine. Finland officially became a 
member of NATO on 4 April 2023, but Sweden is yet to formally become a member. As of 26 February 
2024, Sweden’s application to NATO has been ratified by all NATO members. Sweden and Finland applying 
for membership in NATO has been deemed by authorities to involve a risk of Russian counter-reactions, 
including an increased risk of provocations and cyberattacks on Swedish and Finnish interests (see also 
“The Company is exposed to risks relating to IT failures”). Any such cyberattacks could, for example, affect 
Swedish as well as Finnish energy supply, payment and communication systems, and could then impact 
the Company’s ability to conduct its operations. 
The exact nature of the risks faced by the Company in relation to the macroeconomic and geopolitical 
environments is difficult to predict and guard against, because of (i) difficulties in predicting whether the 
recovery from a financial crisis will be sustained and at what rate, and (ii) the fact that many of the related 
risks to the business are completely, or in part, outside the control of the Company. This presents a highly 
significant risk to the size of the Company’s total loan book and the Company’s ability to attract and 
maintain customers, in order to generate revenue and profit. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to property value fluctuations 
The mortgages granted by the Company consist of loans which are secured by pledges of shares of housing 
companies in Finland, mortgage certificates (Sw. pantbrev) in properties located in Sweden, Norway and 
Finland or pledges of tenant-owners’ rights (Sw. bostadsrätt) in Sweden and Norway and rights of 
occupancy (Sw. bostadsrätt, Fi. asumisoikeus)3 in Finland. Any deterioration in the economic condition of 
the areas in which the borrowers are located, or any deterioration in the economic condition of other 
areas that causes an adverse effect on the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgages, would increase 
the risk of losses on the mortgages. If the residential real estate market in Sweden, Norway or Finland in 
general, or in any particular region in the Company’s portfolio, should experience a substantial overall 
decline in property values resulting in the outstanding balances of the mortgages becoming greater than 
the value of the relevant collateral granted in relation thereto, such a decline could result in the relevant 
collateral not being sufficient to avoid credit losses. Furthermore, there is a risk that declining property 
values reduce the general activity level in the housing market, affecting transaction volumes and, 
therefore, the demand for the Company’s mortgage products in general which will affect the Company’s 
ability to meet its financial targets.  
Certain 
mortgages 
granted 
by 
the 
Company 
in 
Sweden 
are 
equity 
release 
loans 
(Sw. kapitalfrigöringskrediter). When obtaining an equity release loan, the borrower is granted a no-
 
1 The National Institute of Economic Research (Sw. Konjunkturinstitutet), Swedish Economy Report December 2023 
(20 December 2023). 
2 International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook, October 2023. 
3 Note that the concept of tenant-owner’s rights is not recognised in Finland as such, although the Swedish translation 
of the Finnish concept is the same as the Swedish concept of tenant-owner’s rights.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
negative equity guarantee which means that, as long as the borrower is not in breach of the terms and 
conditions of the equity release loan, neither the borrower nor his or her estate is liable for any debt that 
exceeds the sale proceeds from the property pledged for the equity release loan. A significant fall in 
property values would therefore materially impact customers’ ability to make full repayment which would 
result in higher credit losses. 
The Company is exposed to concentration risks 
In Sweden, Norway and Finland, an increasing population, urbanisation, historically low real interest rates 
and a shortage of residential properties in growth regions, have led to rising house prices, and strong 
increases in disposable household income in certain demographic groups have led to continued strong 
growth in demand for household- and other loans, especially in the residential mortgage market for many 
years. More recently, high inflation and interest rate increases have markedly subdued the development.  
Specific geographic regions will also from time-to-time experience weaker regional economic conditions 
and housing markets than other regions. 
A deterioration in the development of the housing and residential mortgage markets in Sweden, Norway 
and Finland in general, and in the Stockholm, Oslo and Helsinki regions in particular, would result in the 
Company experiencing higher rates of loss and delinquency on mortgages generally. The degree to which 
this risk may affect the Company is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Company’s 
operations and profits. 
Further, the Swedish, Norwegian and Finnish residential mortgage markets are dominated by a few 
institutions, consisting of high-street banks and bank-owned mortgage companies with a relatively wide 
product offering to a large group of customers. The Company’s core target group of customers, however, 
is the relatively small group of people who cannot obtain a mortgage from these institutions, to whom 
the Company offers specialised mortgages. This concentration in terms of both size of the customer group 
and number of products offered, makes the Company especially susceptible to any adverse effect on its 
target consumers or offered products. 
There is a risk that the Company’s efforts to manage the concentration risks prove unsuccessful, causing 
a reduced demand for the Company’s offered products, which would in turn have an adverse effect on its 
business, the growth of the Company’s loan portfolio and interest income. 
The Company is exposed to interest rate risks 
The Company is affected by interest rate fluctuations and is exposed to changes in the difference between 
the interest rates payable by the Company on its funding, and the interest rates that the Company charges 
on loans to its customers, as well as the interest rates that are applicable to its other assets; this difference 
is also known as the interest margin. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads could affect 
the interest margin. A part of both the interest rates payable by the Company on deposits and other 
funding and the interest rates charged by the Company on its loans to customers is variable. There is a 
risk that the Company’s use of hedging instruments for the mismatch in the different terms in funding 
and investing interest rates does not perfectly offset the impact of interest rate changes. There is also a 
risk that the Company will not be able to re-price its variable rate assets and liabilities at the same time, 
resulting in a reduction of the interest margin in the short and/or medium term. Such delays in re-pricing 
loans extended to its customer may, inter alia, occur due to the Company having an obligation to notify 
customers in advance of increases in interest rates. For example, the notice period in Norway in 
connection with interest rate changes on loans is eight weeks, and notice periods apply for reductions in 
deposit rates in Sweden and Norway. In Finland, it is required that the interest payable by the consumer 
can only be unilaterally changed during the term of the loan due to a corresponding change in the 
reference rate, and the notice shall as the main rule be given to the consumer before the change enters 
into force. Further, pursuant to the Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts, banks are not able to unilaterally 
amend interest rates, and customers may in principle object to changes to the interest rate, which will 
affect the bank's ability to manage its interest rate risk (see more on this issue in the section "the Company

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
is exposed to risks relating to non-compliance with consumer protection and marketing laws"). Changes in 
the competitive environment could also affect spreads on the Company’s lending and deposits. If the 
Company’s funding costs were to significantly increase due to material increases in market interest rates 
or other reasons and the Company was unable to sufficiently increase the interest rates on its loan 
products in a timely manner, or at all, the Company’s interest margin will be adversely affected, causing 
an adverse effect on the Company’s net earnings. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are outside of the Company’s control, including fiscal 
and monetary policies of governments and central banks, inflation as well as domestic and international 
political conditions. The interest rate levels in Sweden, Norway and Finland have been at historically low 
levels for many years. In response to increasing inflation during 2022 and 2023, central banks across the 
world have increased interest rates rapidly. In Sweden, the interest rate has reached the highest level 
since October 2008. A high interest rate environment could reduce demand for the Company’s loan 
products, as individuals may be less likely or less able to borrow when interest rates are higher. Higher 
interest rates would also lead to higher interest costs for existing borrowers, which could affect their 
ability to repay their borrowings and lead to an increased rate of defaults. 
A material increase in the interest rate levels in Sweden could also, due to the no-negative equity 
guarantee given to borrowers granted an equity release loan, result in a higher severity of credit losses. 
This is because the interest rate that accrues on the loan could increase more than anticipated when the 
loan was granted, resulting in the total debt, at the time of sale of the property, exceeding the market 
value of the property pledged for the loan. 
In 2023, the Company’s interest payments received totalled SEK 1.81 billion and interest expenses paid 
totalled SEK 849 million, respectively. Accordingly, the Company is to a significant extent exposed to 
variation in interest rates affecting its interest payments received and interest expenses paid, respectively 
and interest rate risks thus present a significant risk to the Company’s cost levels, financial position and 
results of operations. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to decline in the credit quality of the customers 
The Company’s credit policy, credit instructions and credit underwriting processes may not be sufficient 
to prevent the Company from incurring higher credit losses due to, for example, internal failure of risk 
management procedures, insufficient adjustments thereof or external changes beyond its control, 
including declines in general macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions. Even though the Company’s 
credit underwriting process may deem an applicant to be creditworthy at the time of application, the 
applicant’s creditworthiness may deteriorate due to changes in his or her personal circumstances or other 
factors, where unemployment poses one of the most severe risks, as well as increased consumer interest 
rates and increased inflation. This could be exacerbated during periods of economic slowdown or 
recession, and the Company could experience higher frequency of defaults and an increase in the severity 
of credit losses in its existing loan portfolio as its borrowers’ ability to repay their loans could be adversely 
affected. In addition, should the Company not accurately assess the creditworthiness of loan applications, 
the Company could experience increased credit losses. If the Company’s credit policies and underwriting 
models prove ineffective or otherwise inadequate, or should information provided by applying customers 
be incorrectly processed or inaccurate, the Company could be subject to regulatory sanctions and incur 
significant credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s cost of risk, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, high unemployment levels and interest rates in the markets where the Company operates 
would reduce the number of customers who qualify for the Company’s loan and credit products and result 
in increased credit losses, which would in turn adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain the size 
of its loan portfolio. Accordingly, a severe deterioration in global or regional economic conditions would

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
adversely affect demand for the products and services offered by the Company. Adverse changes to the 
credit quality of the Company’s customers would cause an increase in the level of credit losses, and 
therefore presents a highly significant risk to and could adversely affect the Company’s cost of risk, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company is exposed to liquidity and financing risks 
The Company is subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet 
its payment obligations at maturity without significant cost increases or at all. The Company’s funding 
policy is to maintain a diverse funding base for its lending operations through a combination of retail 
deposits in Sweden, Norway and Germany, credit facilities and the issuance of unsecured bonds and 
covered bonds. Funding risks can be exacerbated by enterprise-specific factors, such as over-reliance on 
a particular source of funding, or by market-wide phenomena, such as market dislocation or a major 
disaster. The Company’s ability to access funding sources on satisfactory economic terms is subject to a 
variety of factors, a number of them which are outside of the Company’s control. If access to funding were 
to be constrained for a prolonged period of time, competition for retail deposits and the cost of accessing 
the capital markets could similarly increase. There is a risk that this will increase the Company’s cost of 
funding or result in the Company not getting access to sufficient funding and, therefore, poses a highly 
significant risk to the Company’s net interest margin and financial position. 
Retail deposits are the most significant source of funding for the Company. As of 31 December 2023, the 
Company’s total liabilities amounted to SEK 28.8 billion out of which retail deposits comprised the largest 
part, totalling SEK 20.5 billion. Should the Company experience an unusually high and/or unforeseen level 
of withdrawals, this would adversely affect the Company’s liquidity since it will be required to repay a 
significant amount on demand. Further, it will require increased funding from other sources in the future, 
which might not be available on acceptable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company’s financial position and results. 
The availability of funding through credit facilities depends on a variety of factors, including the credit 
quality of the Company’s assets, market conditions, the general availability of credit and the Company’s 
ability to raise funding through other sources. There is a risk that these and other factors limit the 
Company’s ability to obtain funding through credit facilities, which, in turn, adversely affect the 
Company’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio as well as its net interest margin. 
The Company’s ability to issue bonds (senior unsecured, subordinated and covered bonds), depends on a 
variety of factors, including the credit quality of the Company and its assets, market conditions, the 
general availability of credit and rating agencies’ assessment of the Company. There is a risk that these 
and other factors limit the Company’s ability to issue bonds, which, adversely affect the Company’s ability 
to maintain or grow its loan portfolio as well as its net interest margin. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to IT failures 
The Company’s operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of customer 
information and other confidential information in its IT systems and networks as well as those of 
subcontractors and other partners. The Company´s, as well as external integrated partners’, IT systems, 
software, networks and payment systems such as SWIFT could be vulnerable to, among other things, 
internal errors, breaches, unauthorised access, misuse, sabotage, DDoS attacks, cyber-related fraud, 
computer viruses or other malicious code that could result in disruption to its business or the loss or theft 
of confidential information, including customer information subject to bank secrecy laws (see also “the 
Company is exposed to risks relating to non-compliance with data protection laws and regulations” 
below). The cyber security risk is constantly increasing and as a bank, the Company is likely to be a direct 
and indirect target of cyber-attacks. Outages and disruptions may also result from, for example, 
configuration errors during upgrades or maintenance as well as human errors. There is a risk that any 
failure, interruption or breach in the Company’s IT security, including any failure of its back-up systems or 
failure to maintain adequate security surrounding customer information, results in reputational harm,

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
disruption in the management of the Company’s customer relationships, the inability to originate, process 
and service loans or depositors not being able to access their funds. In relation to deposits in particular, 
the risk of IT related problems or failures constitutes one of the most severe operational risks, which may 
result in the Company being unable to service its depositors for a short or long period of time. If any IT 
security or IT operational risks would materialise, it could result in a loss of customer business, loss of 
income, damaged reputation and possibly a large number of customers making withdrawals of deposits 
rapidly, thereby adversely affecting the Company’s funding and liquidity situation. Regulators may also 
impose penalties or require remedial action if they identify weaknesses in the Company’s security systems 
and the Company could be required to incur significant costs to increase its IT security to address any 
vulnerabilities that may be discovered or to remediate the harm caused by any security breaches. 
Consequently, IT failures presents a highly significant risk to the Company’s operations and financial 
situation. 
As part of its business, and pursuant to applicable law, the Company will share confidential customer 
information and proprietary information on an aggregated basis with referral partners, brokers, service 
and business process partners and other outsourcing parties. The information systems of these third 
parties may be vulnerable to security breaches, and there is a risk that the Company’s methods and 
procedures for overseeing how outsourcing partners and other third parties operate their businesses may 
be inadequate or that the Company may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate 
security controls in place to protect the information that the Company shares with them. Furthermore, 
such third parties may misuse data provided by the Company. If the Company’s proprietary or confidential 
customer information is intercepted, stolen, misused or mishandled while in the possession of a third 
party, there is a risk that it will result in reputational harm to the Company, loss of customer business, loss 
of income, and possibly a large number of customers making withdrawals of deposits rapidly, thereby 
adversely affecting the Company’s funding situation, and additional regulatory scrutiny, adversely 
affecting the Company’s operations and financial situation. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to ineffective marketing and public relations activities 
The Company’s primary source of revenue is interest income from its mortgage loan portfolio. In order to 
maintain and grow the size of its mortgage loan portfolio, the Company must attract new customers or 
sell further products to existing customers. To do so, the Company is to a large extent dependent on the 
effectiveness of its marketing and public relations activities, especially to increase brand perception and 
to attract customer leads. The Company has developed a multi-channel origination platform, consisting 
of a number of channels both directly and indirectly targeting customers. Direct channels include direct 
origination through advertisement via TV, radio, digital channels and direct mail, through customer 
relations-based additional sales to existing customers, public relations activities and through referral 
partners such as real estate agents and debt collectors, whilst indirect channels include loan and mortgage 
brokers. For further information on the particular risks associated with the Company’s external origination 
channels such as referrals partners and brokers, see “the Company is exposed to risks relating to external 
parties such as referral partners and brokers” below. 
The Company’s new lending is partly originated from brokers and partly from direct channels. Therefore, 
the Company’s future development of its loan portfolio is dependent on the Company’s ability to maintain 
and strengthen brand recognition and its good perception amongst customers and the general public. 
There is a risk that the Company’s marketing and public relations activities prove to be less effective in 
the future, resulting for example in lower brand awareness and perception amongst the general public, 
which in turn risks resulting in reduced origination of new customers. Further, even if the Company would 
increase its marketing expenses in order to maintain or increase its marketing effectiveness as compared 
to today, there is a risk that such increased marketing costs do not generate new lending. Both reduced 
marketing effectiveness and increased marketing expenses not resulting in new lending presents a risk to 
the growth of the Company’s loan portfolio and the Company’s ability to attract and maintain customers 
in order to generate revenue and profit.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Moreover, if the Company’s ability to market its products would be restricted, for example, due to 
changes in data protection laws, marketing laws or other regulations (see “Legal and regulatory risks” 
below), the Company could be required to focus on other, less effective or more costly marketing 
channels, and as a result risking a decline in the Company’s new loan volumes. As the cost and 
effectiveness of marketing channels and communication differ, any significant changes in the Company’s 
multi-channel origination platform also presents a significant risk to, and could adversely affect, the 
growth of the Company’s loan portfolio and the Company’s ability to attract and maintain customers in 
order to generate interest revenue and profit. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to competition 
The mortgage market in the Nordic region is in general dominated by a small group of mainly high-street 
banks with limited risk appetite and which are focused on individuals with standard credit profiles. The 
specialist mortgage segment, which is the Company’s primary market, is relatively small and undeveloped 
but is growing continuously, largely due to the Company’s achievements to date. The Company faces the 
risk that competitors, for example high-street banks, which offer a broad range of products and services 
through widespread retail office networks and online, may start to focus on the specialist mortgage 
segment. Almost all of the Company’s customers have a relationship with at least one of the high-street 
banks through current accounts or other banking products and services. Accordingly, if the high-street 
banks expand to the Company’s markets they could have competitive advantages over the Company, such 
as a lower cost of funds and a larger existing customer base. Correspondingly, there is a risk that new 
players, for example financial technology start-up companies, successfully enter the market with new or 
improved technical solutions for the delivery of financial services. If there are more competitors in the 
specialist mortgage markets, there is a risk that the Company loses market shares and that demand for 
the Company’s products decreases, or that the Company is required to reduce the interest rates that it 
charges on its loan products in order to maintain demand, which would have a material adverse effect on 
the Company’s net interest margin. 
Furthermore, the Company uses brokers to source a portion of new loans and is hence exposed to broker-
related risks. For a description of risks associated with the Company’s current relationships with brokers, 
see “the Company is exposed to risks relating to external parties such as referral partners and brokers”. 
Brokers benchmark competing loan products against each other. Therefore, the Company could 
experience an increase in competition by other lenders should an increased percentage of potential 
borrowers use brokers to seek out loans. Also, if the brokers with which the Company cooperates are 
unable to successfully compete with other brokers, it would have an adverse effect on the number of 
potential borrowers referred to the Company by brokers. This will in turn have an adverse effect on the 
Company’s total loan book and the Company’s ability to attract customers in order to generate interest 
revenue. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to foreign exchange rates 
Changes in foreign exchange rates between SEK (the Company’s reporting currency and the currency in 
which its capital base is denominated), NOK and EUR affect the Company’s results of operations. The 
Company’s loan portfolio is denominated in SEK, NOK and EUR. The Company’s funding, which consists of 
retail deposits, covered bonds, medium term notes and, at times, credit facilities is denominated in SEK, 
NOK and EUR. The most significant effect of changes in foreign exchange rates arises in the translation of 
assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency into SEK. There is a risk that the Company is not 
able to fully match assets and liabilities in the same currency and the derivative instruments that the 
Company uses not fully mitigate the exposure or otherwise do not have the intended effect. As of 
31 December 2023, the Company’s exchange rate exposure amounted to SEK 868 million. Further, a 
10 per cent fluctuation between SEK and the currencies listed below, respectively, would have the 
following effect on the net income of the year before tax (SEK million): 
• NOK: 103.8

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
• EUR: 17.0 
Fluctuations in currencies, particularly the NOK/SEK exchange rate, thus have a significant impact on the 
Company’s operating profits and cash flows. 
The Company is also exposed to the risk that the book values of the Company’s portfolios translated into 
SEK will change due to changes in foreign exchange rates. Even if the book values of portfolios in local 
currencies remain unchanged, there is a risk that an increase in book value when translated into SEK 
impacts the Company’s capital adequacy position in a negative way. The Company strives to keep the 
CET1-ratio well insulated from exchange rate-movements, nonetheless from a capital adequacy 
perspective, there is risk that a sustained and/or significant weakening of the SEK, while other relevant 
currencies remain unchanged, negatively impacts the Company’s capital adequacy position and leads to 
a requirement for a capital increase. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to the implementation of its long-term growth strategy 
The Company sees substantial opportunities in continuing to strengthen and expand its position in the 
Swedish, Norwegian and Finnish markets for specialised mortgages, complemented by its equity release 
mortgage offerings. A key factor to ensure the Company’s long-term growth strategy will be to grow the 
Company’s reach in relevant customer segments through building stronger brand awareness and 
perception, personalised communication and product acceptance. The Company also aims to continue to 
invest in scalable IT infrastructure to be able to further optimise its operations. Furthermore, the Company 
sees strategic value in diversifying its funding sources to support and enhance growth. Finally, the 
continued development of the Company’s staff, culture and leadership also provides a key aspect of the 
Company’s strategy going forward. 
Reaching the growth targets may require significant time and involve significant costs. There is a risk that 
the Company is not successful in executing its growth strategy or certain elements thereof due to lack of 
market acceptance, higher than forecasted costs or a variety of other factors, many of which are outside 
of the Company’s control, which results in the Company not receiving a return on its investments. Further, 
in order to pursue its long-term growth objectives, the Company must remain flexible and be adaptive to 
changes in its current and prospective markets, and continuously be prepared to adjust its strategic plans. 
Risks associated to the Company not being sufficiently adaptive to meet such changing conditions and a 
growth strategy proven to be insufficient could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
forecasted net income. 
Furthermore, the Company’s ability to accurately assess the creditworthiness of loan applicants is partly 
dependent on the availability of historical credit performance data. Credit performance information can 
vary by market and in respect of marketing channel, product and product feature. Therefore, for example, 
a potential targeting of additional unserved customer groups and an introduction of new markets, 
marketing channels, products and product features could entail a higher risk of credit losses until sufficient 
credit performance data is available to tailor the credit assessment. If the Company’s potential 
investments in developing new customer groups, new markets, new products or new product features 
are not profitable, or if the credit quality of the Company’s loan portfolio decreases, the Company would 
experience increased costs and higher credit losses due to such strategic initiatives, which would in turn 
have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to outsourcing 
The Company outsources some of its business-related activities, and therefore relies on certain service 
and business process partners and other third parties. For example, the Company has outsourcing 
agreements with third parties regarding certain IT operations. There is a risk that it will be difficult for the 
Company to replace or extend these relationships on commercially reasonable or similar terms, or at all. 
Seeking alternate relationships also risks being time consuming and result in interruptions to the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Company’s business. The Company’s use of business outsourcing partners also exposes the Company to 
reputational risks, see “The Company is exposed to reputational risks”.  
Further, the Company is exposed to the risk that its outsourcing or other partners commit fraud with 
respect to the services that the Company has outsourced to them, that they fail to comply with applicable 
laws and regulations, such as data protection requirements, or fail to otherwise provide their agreed 
services to the Company. If these third parties, to a significant extent, violate laws, other regulatory 
requirements or important contractual obligations to the Company, or otherwise act inappropriately in 
the conduct of their business, the Company’s business and reputation would be negatively affected. In 
such cases, the Company also faces the risk of penalties being imposed by regulators and other 
authorities. Further, some of the Company’s agreements with third parties contain provisions that limit 
the liability of such third parties, and the Company may in such cases not be able to recover the full 
amount of a loss even if it is the result of the third party breaching the agreement. There is also a risk that 
the Company’s methods and procedures for overseeing how outsourcing and other partners operate their 
businesses do not detect the occurrence of any violations for a substantial period of time, exacerbating 
the effect of such violations. The degree to which any negative consequences related to third-party 
providers may affect the Company is uncertain and present a significant risk to the Company’s reputation 
and business. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to external parties such as referral partners and brokers 
Mortgage loan intermediaries, such as online brokers, are less common in the mortgage market than in 
the unsecured loan market, however, the Company works with several mortgage brokers in Sweden, 
Norway and Finland respectively. Brokers for mortgage distribution is more common in Norway than in 
Sweden and Finland, the reason being that there are local, physical brokers in Norway in addition to online 
brokers. The physical brokers in Norway are able to handle the manual steps that are required for 
specialist mortgages, which is not the case for unsecured consumer loans. External parties such as referral 
partners and brokers are important marketing and origination channels for a loan provider such as the 
Company. As a consequence, the Company is exposed to certain specific risks associated with its 
relationship with referral partners and brokers. Overall, there is a risk that the Company’s methods and 
procedures for overseeing how its different referral partners (such as real estate agents and debt 
collectors) and brokers interact with prospective customers are inadequate. The Company does, to some 
extent, use external referral partners as intermediaries who refer loan applicants to the Company. There 
is a risk that the incentives of the Company’s referral partners do not always align with those of the 
Company, adversely affecting the volume and type of loan applicants that are referred to the Company 
from these partners. The Company’s agreements with referral partners and brokers do not require them 
to offer the Company’s loan products or refer loan applicants to the Company, and the referral partners 
and brokers could promote or offer the loan products of the Company’s competitors. 
On the Swedish, Norwegian and Finnish market, the Company’s mortgage brokers must comply with 
applicable Swedish FSA regulations and regulations from the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority 
(No. Finanstilsynet) (the “Norwegian FSA”) and the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the “Finnish FSA”) respectively, including obtaining and maintaining an 
authorisation. Swedish mortgage brokers must be authorised as mortgage institutions under the Swedish 
Mortgage Business Act (Sw. lagen (2016:1024) om verksamhet med bostadskrediter) (the “Swedish 
Mortgage Act”) unless they are authorised in accordance with the Swedish Banking and Financing 
Business Act (Sw. lagen (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse). Norwegian mortgage brokers has 
historically, but not going forward, typically qualified for an exemption as registered brokers, however a 
new act regarding loan broking was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament on 6 December 2022 and 
entered into force on 1 July 2023 (the “Norwegian Loan Broking Act”) which will introduce authorisation 
requirements and stricter conduct of business requirements for loan brokers from 1 July 2024. If one or 
more of the Company’s brokers were to reduce or suspend its relationship with the Company, or if the 
Company was obligated to suspend its relationship with one or more brokers as a result of such brokers 
not being granted, or unable to maintain, authorisation by the applicable authority to mediate mortgage 
loans, there is a risk that the Company would be required to seek a replacement for such broker, which in

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
turn would affect the Company’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio. Finnish mortgage brokers 
shall register as intermediaries of consumer credits relating to residential property in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on Intermediaries of Consumer Credits Relating to Residential Property (852/2016 as 
amended) (Sw. lag om förmedlare av konsumentkrediter som har samband med bostadsegendom). In 
addition, the Government Decree on the Professional Requirements regarding Creditors and Credit 
Brokers of Consumer Credits relating to Residential Property (1031/2016) (Sw. statsrådets förordning om 
krav på yrkesmässiga kvalifikationer för kreditgivare och kreditförmedlare i fråga om konsumentkrediter 
som har samband med bostadsegendom) sets out professional requirements for Finnish mortgage 
brokers. (Sw. Lag om förmedlare av konsumentkrediter som har samband med bostadsegendom). In 
addition, the Company’s ability to cooperate with brokers may be adversely affected by changes in the 
regulatory framework relating to credit mediation, including the Swedish Mortgage Act, the Norwegian 
Loan Broking Act the Finnish Act on Intermediaries of Consumer Credits Relating to Residential Property 
and as well as the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act (No. Lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak 
og finanskonsern), as well as other related regulations, which set forth the requirements for operating as 
a credit intermediary in Sweden, Finland and Norway, respectively. Further, the Norwegian Loan Broking 
Act includes a provision that employees who provide advice on loans shall not receive remuneration that 
is dependent on sales volume or volume of intermediated loans, which may reduce the incentives of the 
relevant employees and thus impact the volume of new intermediated loans. 
Should any of the above risks materialise, there is a risk that it will have an adverse effect on the 
Company’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio, which will in turn have an adverse effect on the 
Company’s interest revenue. 
The Company is exposed to reputational risks 
The Company’s reputation is important for maintaining and developing relationships with its existing and 
potential customers, owners, employees, authorities and other third parties with whom it does business. 
The Company’s employees or service and business process outsourcing partners could engage in 
misconduct that adversely affects the Company’s business. Even allegations of misconduct by the 
Company’s employees, or actual or alleged misconduct by other financial services companies, could 
adversely affect the Company’s reputation. There is a risk that employee or third-party misconduct 
prompt regulators to allege or to determine, based upon such misconduct, that the Company has not 
established adequate supervisory systems and procedures to inform employees of applicable rules or to 
detect and deter violations of such rules, resulting in monetary fines and other sanctions. There is also a 
risk that precautions taken by the Company to detect and prevent misconduct prove to be inadequate. 
Furthermore, threatened or actual legal proceedings, regulatory sanctions, actual or alleged misconduct, 
operational failures, negative publicity and press speculation, whether valid or not, risk harming the 
Company’s reputation and create disproportionate negative media coverage of the Company or some or 
all of its employees, directors or external cooperation partners. There is also a risk that the Company’s 
reputation will be adversely affected by the conduct of third parties over whom it has no control, including 
customers, referral partners and brokers. Negative publicity could also result from failure in the 
Company’s or third-party partners’ information technology systems, loss or theft of customer data or 
confidential information, failure in its risk management or internal control procedures, legal proceedings, 
failure or alleged failure in the Company’s obligations, or fraud or misconduct committed by customers 
or one or more of the Company’s employees, directors or external cooperation partners. 
Reputational risk can be substantially damaging to the Company’s operations since the Company is a well-
established brand, and if such risk materialises to such an extent that existing and potential customers 
choose competitors of the Company, it would materially adversely affect the Company’s ability to 
generate new sales and growth, which in turn would adversely affect its results of operations and financial 
condition of the Company. There is further a risk that damage to the Company’s reputation will impair its 
ability to attract and retain relevant competence and skills, maintain relationships with third parties, 
maintain trust from regulators and other authorities and obtain funding and, therefore, will have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The degree to

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
which reputational risks may affect the Company is uncertain and present a significant risk to the 
Company’s business and results of operations. 
The Company is subject to risks relating to its financial services counterparties and the financial services 
industry generally 
The Company has, and may in the future, enter into transactions with various counterparties in the 
financial services industry. For example, the Company regularly enters into derivative transactions with 
other financial institutions for the purpose of reducing interest rate- and/or foreign exchange risks. 
Furthermore, the Company regularly places liquidity holdings with other financial institutions. The 
Company also uses the same financial institutions for transactions related to borrowers and depositors. 
Given the high degree of interdependence in the financial institutions industry, the Company is subject to 
the risk of deterioration, or perceived deterioration, of the commercial and financial soundness of other 
financial services institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution 
could lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a potential default of, one institution could 
therefore cause significant liquidity constraints in the industry and lead to other institutions suffering 
losses or defaulting as a result of many institutions being closely interconnected by means of credit, 
trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of a financial 
institution could lead to market-wide liquidity issues, including a so-called “bank run”, which could involve 
significant withdrawals from deposit accounts, increased costs of funding and losses or defaults of several 
financial institutions, including the Company. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse 
effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company is dependent on the ability to retain and recruit qualified employees 
The Company operates in a rapidly changing technological environment and therefore its success is 
dependent on its ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled Board members, 
management and employees. The Company relies on certain members of its management in order to 
sustain, develop and grow its business, and there is a risk that these persons will not remain with the 
Company. The Company has no deputy CEO nor any deputy to the other members of the Senior 
Management Team. Should one of these persons leave the Company, there is a risk that it would take 
time to find and recruit a replacement. Furthermore, a number of the Company’s functions are staffed by 
employees who have significant industry experience and could prove difficult and costly to replace. For 
example, the competition for employees within the financial sectors is tough and specially with respect 
to specialists such as Compliance Officers and Risk Officers. The same applies for the competition within 
tech, where it is difficult to recruit experienced system developers. The loss of key members of 
management, or of a substantial number of key employees, as well as the inability to attract, retain and 
motivate employees with desired qualities and skills required for the continuation of, and the expansion 
of, the Company’s activities, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Company is exposed to possible disputes and claims 
The Company is from time to time involved in disputes and is exposed to risks associated with the 
potential for customers, suppliers, partners or other parties to take legal actions against the Company. 
The vast majority of such disputes and actions are related to the ordinary course of business, primarily 
the enforcement of defaulted loans. Disputes regarding the registration of a trademark similar to the 
Company have also occurred. Major and complicated disputes can be costly, time- and resource-
consuming and may disrupt normal business operations. There is further a risk that the results of any 
investigation, proceeding, litigation or arbitration brought by private parties, regulatory authorities or 
governments are difficult for the Company to predict. In addition, the degree to which an unfavourable 
decision against the Company, significant fines, damages and/or negative publicity may affect the 
Company is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Company. The outcomes of any future potential 
proceedings, claims and disputes may vary and are uncertain, and presents a significant risk to the 
Company’s costs and reputation.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to incurrence of losses not covered by insurance 
The Company’s insurance coverage is designed to protect it from material losses associated with certain 
events such as, for example, data processing system failures, internal or external fraud, and losses 
resulting from any associated business interruption. However, there is a risk that the actual losses suffered 
by the Company would exceed the Company’s insurance coverage and could be material. Specifically, the 
mortgage loan portfolios in Sweden and Finland are reliant upon the borrowers having comprehensive 
household insurances (Sw. heltäckande hemförsäkring) in place in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the loan, and the Company has no block policy to cover any loss as a result of breaches of 
this obligation. There is a risk that realisation of one or more damaging events for which the Company has 
no, or insufficient, insurance coverage will have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition. 
The Company is subject to risks relating to acquisitions and the integration thereof 
As part of its growth strategy, the Company may evaluate opportunities for acquiring complementary 
assets and businesses that may supplement the Company’s organic growth. Such acquisitions are always 
exposed to a number of risks and considerable uncertainty with respect to ownership, other rights, assets, 
liabilities, licenses and permits, claims, legal proceedings, restrictions imposed by competition law, 
financial resources, environmental considerations and other aspects. In addition, integration of acquired 
businesses involves risks, including, for example, managing geographically separated organisations, 
systems, and facilities, management of risk, client onboarding processes, integrating personnel with 
diverse business backgrounds and organisational cultures, complying with foreign regulatory 
requirements, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, enforcement of intellectual property rights in 
some foreign countries, difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer 
acceptance and business knowledge of those new markets, and general economic and political conditions. 
In connection with potential future acquisitions, the Company may incur considerable transaction, 
restructuring and administrative costs, as well as other integration-related costs and losses. Furthermore, 
even if the Company is in a position to integrate an acquired business, it may be unable to do so 
successfully. If the Company fails to integrate any acquisition successfully and efficiently, it could be 
subject to increased financial costs, additional burdens on management’s time or degradation in the 
quality of the Company’s products and services, particularly with respect to the products and services 
offered by the acquired entity. Moreover, there is a risk that in the future the Company will be restricted 
from making acquisitions due to capital adequacy requirements. Any difficulties integrating future 
acquisitions, including unexpected or additional costs, or inability to make preferred acquisitions may 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to the banking license issued by the Swedish FSA 
The Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lagen (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) 
requires all Swedish banking companies to operate under a license granted by the Swedish FSA. Swedish 
banks are subject to supervision by the Swedish FSA and a banking license granted by the Swedish FSA 
may, following a notification procedure, be passported for operations conducted within other EEA states, 
by way of secondary establishment or of cross-border operations.  
On 7 October 2016, the Company was granted a banking license by the Swedish FSA. The Company also 
conducts operations in Norway and Finland through branches and thus passports its banking license to 
Norway and Finland. The Company has also passported its banking license to Germany, following which 
the Company has a permit to operate a cross-border activity in Germany in relation to deposits in EUR 
through a collaboration with Raisin DS GmbH (“Raisin”), which provides a savings platform for German 
customers. The banking license has indefinite duration but could be revoked by the Swedish FSA. Further, 
the authorities could intervene by, for example, issuing an injunction, a remark (Sw. anmärkning), a 
warning (each of the two latter can be combined with a fine), or an order to limit or reduce the risks of 
the operations, restrict or prohibit payment of dividends or interest, restrict the Company’s right to

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
dispose of its assets or altogether prohibit it from disposing of its assets, or appoint a special 
representative to run all or parts of the Company’s business. 
Moreover, the Company is subject to the supervision of several regulators and the Company could 
experience difficulties if there are conflicts between laws and regulations or the different regulators’ 
interpretations of a law or regulation. If the Company was subject to material remarks or warnings and/or 
fines, it would cause significant, and potentially irreparable, damage to the Company’s reputation and, as 
a result, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially 
adversely affected. The Company’s operations are also contingent upon the Company’s banking license. 
The loss or suspension of the banking license will require the Company to cease its banking operations 
which will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations 
The Company is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a 
comprehensive and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among financial 
institutions. Regulations which have impacted the Company and are expected to continue to impact the 
Company include, among others, the Basel III framework, the EU Capital Requirements Directive 
2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”), and the EU Capital 
Requirements Regulation 11(99) (EU) No. 575/2013 (“CRR”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 
(“CRR II”) and, as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, by Regulation (EU) 2020/873. CRR II and CRD V 
are supported by a set of binding technical standards developed by the European Banking Authority 
(“EBA”). The CRR II is directly applicable and binding in Sweden and the CRD V is implemented through 
national laws and regulations. The Company is also subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a 
credit institution supervised by the Swedish FSA, including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient 
liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as they fall due. The Swedish FSA has issued regulations 
on liquidity, such as FFFS 2010:7 (as amended by FFFS 2014:21, 2021:16 and FFFS 2023:3), which the 
Company needs to comply with. 
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components 
in the capital base with the highest quality, common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, additional tier 1 capital 
and tier 2 capital. CRR II also introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement 
independent from the risk of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all 
institutions subject to CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides for further 
capital buffer requirements that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers may be 
applicable to the Company as determined by the Swedish FSA. A breach of the combined buffer 
requirements is likely to result in restrictions on certain discretionary capital distributions by the Company 
for example, dividend and coupon payments on CET1 and tier 1 capital instruments. However, the 
Company is currently not considered a systemically important institution and is thus not subject to the 
buffer requirement for systemically important institutions, nor subject to the systemic risk buffer 
requirements. There can, however, be no assurance that the Company will not be designated a 
systemically important institution or subject to systemic risk buffer requirements in the future. By way of 
example, on 8 December 2020 the Norwegian government adopted an increase in the Norwegian 
systemic risk buffer requirement from 3 per cent to 4.5 per cent applicable to Norwegian banks (not 
directly applicable to the Company) from year-end 2020. Smaller Norwegian banks (those using the 
Standardised Approach or the Foundation IRB Approach) are still subject to a three-year transitional rule, 
where the current systemic risk buffer requirement at 3 per cent for all exposures will continue to apply.  
On 2 February 2021, the Norwegian government requested the European Systemic Risk Board ("ESRB") 
to issue a recommendation to other EEA states to reciprocate the Norwegian systemic risk buffer 
requirement with respect to exposures in Norway for institutions above certain materiality thresholds. 
The request also included reciprocity of certain average risk weight floors for credit institutions authorised 
to use an internal ratings-based approach (which will not impact the Company as it is not using such 
approach). For the systemic risk buffer rate, the materiality threshold is set at a risk-weighted exposure

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
amount of NOK 32 billion. The ESRB issued its recommendation on 30 April 2021. The Swedish FSA passed 
a decision to reciprocate the average risk weight floors 21 June 2021 and passed a decision on 28 October 
2022 to reciprocate the Norwegian systemic risk buffer as of 30 October 2022 with respect to Swedish 
credit institutions with risk exposure amounts in excess of NOK 32 billion. In December 2022 the 
Norwegian Government issued a new request to the ESRB, requesting that the ESRB issued a 
recommendation to lower the  materiality  threshold to a risk-weighted exposure amount  of NOK 5 billion. 
The ESRB issued its recommendation 6 March 2023. The Swedish FSA passed a decision to reciprocate the 
systemic risk buffer with the new materiality threshold of NOK 5 billion in risk-weighted exposure amount 
on 5 June 2023. As of 31 December 2023, such decision applies for those banks using the Standardised 
Approach, such as the Company. 
The Company is subject to countercyclical capital buffers. In Sweden, the countercyclical buffer rate is 
currently 2 per cent. With respect to exposures in Norway, the countercyclical capital buffer is currently 
2,5%. 
The conditions of the Company’s business as well as external conditions are constantly changing and the 
full set of capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve. For the 
foregoing reasons, the Company and/or its consolidated situation can be required to raise regulatory 
capital in the future. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional 
equity, is not always available on attractive terms, or at all. 
Serious or systematic deviations by the Company from the above regulations would most likely lead to 
the Swedish FSA determining that the Company’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness 
requirement for credit institutions and thus result in the Swedish FSA imposing sanctions on the Company. 
Further, any increase in the capital and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on the 
Company’s liquidity (should its liquidity buffers and revenue streams not cover liquidity requirements, in 
addition to the fact that stricter requirements to hold liquidity reserves decrease the possibility to dispose 
the Company’s funds freely on a short-term basis), funding (should it not be able to raise funding on 
attractive terms, or at all), financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) and 
results of operations (should its costs increase). The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements risks may affect the Company is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the 
Company’s capital, funding and liquidity position (see also “the Company is exposed to liquidity and 
financing risks” above). 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to non-compliance with regulations 
The Company’s operations are subject to legislation, regulations, codes of conduct and general 
recommendations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and in relation to the products it markets and 
sells. As a Swedish bank, the Company is subject to supervision by the Swedish FSA with regard to, among 
other things, capital adequacy and liquidity as well as rules on internal governance and control. Further, 
the Norwegian FSA and the Finnish FSA supervise conduct and certain operations of the branches in 
Norway and Finland, respectively. In addition, the Swedish Consumer Agency (Sw. Konsumentverket) 
safeguards the interests of consumers in Sweden and monitors consumer interests within the EU, with 
the Norwegian Consumer Council (No. Forbrukerrådet) and the Norwegian Consumer Authority (No. 
Forbrukertilsynet) as well as the Finnish Consumer Ombudsman (Sw. Konsumentombudsman) and Finnish 
Competition and Consumer Authority (Sw. Konkurrens- och konsumentverket) safeguarding the interests 
of customers in Norway and Finland, respectively, and the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (Sw. 
Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) works to protect individuals’ privacy. As a result of the Company 
conducting operations through its branches in Norway and Finland, Norwegian and Finnish regulators, 
data protection agencies, consumer agencies and councils have or will have jurisdiction over certain 
aspects of the Company’s business, including marketing and selling practices, advertising, transfer pricing 
aspects, general terms of business and legal debt collection operations. Further, in relation to equity 
release mortgages, the Company is a tied insurance intermediator for a supplementary insurance in 
addition to the high-street homeowner’s insurance required for all borrowers. Such insurance mediation

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
subjects the Company to insurance-related laws and regulations, such as the Swedish Insurance 
Distribution Act (Sw. lagen (2018:1219) om försäkringsdistribution). 
There is a risk that failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations would subject the Company to 
monetary fines and other penalties, which will have an adverse effect on the Company’s reputation and 
results of operations. 
Many initiatives for regulatory changes have been taken in the past and the Company is unable to predict 
with certainty what regulatory changes will be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in 
the EU, by the Swedish FSA, the Norwegian FSA, the Finnish FSA or by other authorities and agencies. Such 
changes risk having a material adverse effect on, among other things, the Company’s product range and 
activities, the sales and pricing of the Company’s products, and the Company’s profitability, solvency and 
capital adequacy, and give rise to increased costs of compliance. 
There is a risk that the measures that the Company takes to ensure compliance with new laws and 
regulations are not adequate. In addition, the Company could misunderstand or misapply new or 
amended laws, especially due to the increasing quantity and complexity of the legislation, which could 
lead to adverse consequences for the Company. Furthermore, since the Company is a niche specialist 
mortgage loan provider, there is a risk that adverse changes in the regulatory environment would have a 
greater impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations as compared to, 
for example, high-street banks, which have a more diversified product offering. The Company incurs, and 
expects to continue to incur, significant costs and expenditures to comply with the increasingly complex 
regulatory environment. Such costs can have a negative impact on the Company’s earnings and profit. 
As a result of the Company conducting operations on a cross-border basis also in Germany, the German 
agencies, councils and authorities will have jurisdiction over certain aspects of the Company’s business, 
including customer protection, marketing and selling, advertising and general terms of business. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to the implementation of the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 
As a bank, the Company is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (“BRRD”) 
(which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) on 27 June 2019 where most of the new 
rules in BRRD II started to apply mid-2021). The BRRD legislative package establishes a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and, inter alia, requires EU credit institutions (such as the 
Company) to produce and maintain recovery plans setting out the arrangements that are to be taken to 
restore the long-term viability of the institution in the event of a material deterioration of its financial 
condition. The BRRD and subsequent amendments, including BRRD II, are implemented in Sweden 
through the Act on Resolution (Sw. lagen (2015:1016) om resolution) (the “Resolutions Act”). 
The BRRD and the Resolutions Act contain a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied 
by resolution authorities (in Sweden, the Swedish National Debt Office (Sw. Riksgäldskontoret) is the 
resolution authority) upon certain conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers (used 
alone or in combination) include, inter alia, a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities, whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of the 
institution in resolution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims including senior notes and 
subordinated notes into other securities, which securities could also be subject to any further application 
of the general bail-in tool. This means that most of such failing institution’s debt could be subject to bail-
in, except for certain classes of debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities. In addition to the 
general bail-in tool, the BRRD and the Resolutions Act provide for relevant authorities to have the power, 
before any other resolution action is taken, to permanently write-down or convert into equity relevant 
capital instruments at the point of non-viability. Ultimately, the authority has the power to take control 
of a failing institution and, for example, transfer the institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly 
controlled entity pending a private sector arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any prior 
shareholder (or other) approval.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
It is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the Swedish National Debt Office 
described in the BRRD and the Resolutions Act will affect the Company. The powers and tools given to the 
Swedish National Debt Office are numerous and may, if they are used, have a material adverse effect on 
the Company. Accordingly, the degree to which amendments to BRRD or application of BRRD may affect 
the Company is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Company’s funding and compliance costs. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to non-compliance with data protection laws and regulations 
As a bank aimed primarily at individuals, the Company processes large quantities of personal data on its 
customers. The Company’s processing of personal data is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny, 
including, for example, that personal data may only be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate 
purposes, and may only be processed in a manner consistent with these purposes. Further, the collected 
personal data must be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which it is 
collected and/or processed, and it must not be kept for a longer period of time than necessary for the 
purposes of the collection. The Company’s security controls over personal data and other data protection 
practices may not prevent the improper disclosure or processing of personal data in breach of applicable 
laws and contracts. Insufficient routines for data retention may for example lead to excessive processing 
of personal data and lacking separation routines for personal data may cause the Company to process 
personal data, in its capacity of data processor, in violation of data processor agreements. 
The Company’s compliance with applicable data protection laws and regulations is primarily subject to 
supervision by the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection, the Norwegian Data Protection Authority 
(No. Datatilsynet) and the Finnish Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman (Sw. Dataombudsmannens 
byrå). These authorities may, from time to time, review or audit the Company’s data protection practices 
and require the Company to change its prevailing practices, which may result in additional costs and 
administration for the Company. There is a risk that any material failure to protect or process customer 
data, or other personal data, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations result in monetary fines, 
e.g. if the Company’s policies or procedures are deemed not to be in compliance or are deemed not to 
have previously been in compliance, with applicable data protection laws and regulations, criminal 
charges and breach of contractual arrangements, and/or reputational damages which, in turn, will have 
an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition. 
In 2018, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of 
personal data and on the free movement of such data (“GDPR”) entered into force in the EU and in 
Norway after a two-year transition, replacing the national laws and regulations based on the 1995 EU 
Data Protection Directive. The regulation sets strict requirements for companies and organisations that 
collect, process and store personal data. The regulation includes principles with uncertain consequences, 
such as a stricter concept of consent, a requirement for data portability and a “right to erase”. Also, the 
regulation puts great emphasis on the obligation for personal data controllers to demonstrate compliance 
with the regulation, which may result in demands for increased documentation. It is also possible for the 
supervisory authority, in certain cases, to impose an administrative penalty of up to EUR 20 million or 4 
per cent of an enterprise’s worldwide turnover, whichever is greater, when an enterprise neglects the 
appropriate treatment of personal data. Although the Company has made efforts in transitioning to GDPR 
compliance, projects of such size, importance and technical complexity, including continuous changes and 
any court decisions which can affect the interpretation of the GDPR, entail risks of adverse implications 
and there is a risk that the Company is not fully compliant with the GDPR. There is also a risk that the 
impact of GDPR, as well as any other changes in data protection legislation in any of the markets in which 
the Company operates, especially if resulting in restrictions on use of personal data, will have an adverse 
effect on the Company’s business. Any administrative and monetary sanctions (including administrative 
fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million or 4 per cent of the Company’s total global annual turnover) 
or reputational damage due to incorrect implementation or breach of the GDPR would also adversely 
impact the Company’s financial condition. The degree to which non-compliance with applicable 
requirements could affect the Company is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the 
Company’s operations and reputation.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to changes in the national deposit guarantee schemes 
The Company is able to offer retail deposits to the general public in Sweden, Norway and Germany that 
are covered by the Swedish and (in respect of deposits in Norway only) Norwegian deposit guarantee 
schemes, which generally guarantee amounts of SEK 1,050,000 and NOK 2,000,000 respectively, for each 
depositor. As such, the Company is required to establish internal processes to handle operational risk 
related to the deposits, including managing and securing the data systems utilised to host the deposits. 
Any failure by the Company to comply with these requirements could result in intervention by regulators 
or the imposition of sanctions, including a decision that the Company’s deposits shall no longer be covered 
by the deposit guarantee scheme. There is a risk that the loss of coverage by the deposit guarantee 
scheme could result in the Company discontinuing its offering of deposit savings accounts to the general 
public, which would adversely affect the Company’s liquidity position and impair the Company’s ability to 
fund its business and potentially also impair or terminate the Company’s ability to continue its business 
as currently conducted. 
Furthermore, with respect to deposits in Norway, the implementation of directive 2014/49/EC into the 
EEA Agreement, may result in a total harmonisation of the maximum coverage under deposit guarantee 
schemes within the EEA. There is therefore a risk that the current Norwegian guarantee amount of 
NOK 2,000,000 is reduced to a sum in NOK equivalent to EUR 100,000. 
In recent years, the relevant regulatory authorities in Sweden and Europe have proposed (and in some 
cases have commenced implementation of) changes to many aspects of the banking sector, including, 
among others, deposit guarantee schemes. While the impact of these regulatory developments remains 
uncertain, there is a risk that the evolution of these and future initiatives will impact the Company’s 
business, including by imposing greater administrative and financial burdens on the Company. Increased 
costs could result from, for example, increases in fee contributions to the schemes by covered financial 
institutions, which would have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations or 
financial condition. There is a risk that regulatory changes which decrease the maximum compensation 
amount or change the deposit guarantee schemes are implemented, which would have a negative effect 
on the amount of customer deposit savings currently held with the Company. This is likely to have a 
negative effect on the Company’s business and liquidity, funding and financial condition and results of 
operations. The degree to which changes to the deposit guarantee schemes may affect the Company is 
uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Company’s business and liquidity. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to changes in laws regarding debt collection, debt 
restructuring and personal bankruptcy 
According to the Company’s collection strategy, delinquent loans are handled by applying to the national 
enforcement agencies (or courts) in Sweden, Norway and Finland for collection. The national enforcement 
agencies (or courts) issue verdicts (Sw. utslag), demand payment and enforces recovery of the loan. In 
Finland, verdicts are issued by the court and not by the national enforcement agency 
(Sw. utsökningsverket). As a last resort, the national enforcement agencies will enforce the loan by a 
foreclosure of assets, income and, for mortgages, by selling the property. In Sweden, the Company has 
chosen to sell any remaining shortfall, i.e. outstanding amount after proceeds from foreclosure have been 
received, to third party debt collection agencies. In Norway, the debt remains on the books of the 
Company. In Finland, the recovering of any outstanding debt (including any shortfall) is either handled by 
the national enforcement agency or third-party debt collection agencies, meaning that the debt remains 
on the books of the Company. 
The Company’s recoveries on overdue and written-down loans depend primarily on the effectiveness of 
legal debt collection systems, including laws regarding debt collection, debt restructuring and personal 
bankruptcy, in Sweden, Norway and Finland. There is a risk that the Company’s ability to collect on 
overdue loans will be adversely affected by changes in debt collection laws or bankruptcy laws if, for 
example, the enforcement process gets more complicated or other creditors are granted priority over the 
Company in restructurings or bankruptcies. The degree to which the aforementioned legislation changes

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
may affect the Company is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Company’s cost levels 
and results of operations. For example, in Norway and Finland, debt collection fees were significantly 
reduced in 2020 which has affected debt collectors and may in turn impact the value of and the 
profitability of collecting the Company’s defaulted debt. Further, an expert group proposed a new 
Norwegian debt collection act in 2020. The Norwegian government is still considering the proposal and is 
preparing a draft bill.  
Finland recently adopted multiple significant legislative amendments which aim to reduce Finnish 
households’ over-indebtedness and related problems. The Act on Positive Credit Register (739/2022, as 
amended) (Sw. lag om ett positivt kreditupplysningsregister) entered into force in August 2022 together 
with certain other related legislation concerning the establishment of a positive credit register which 
contains information on debts and income of Finnish individuals. The positive credit register will come 
into operation during spring 2024. In addition, following the adoption of the provisions shortening of the 
retention period of payment default entries, as of December 2022, a payment default entry must be 
deleted within one month after the credit information registrar has received information on the payment 
of the claim, due to the neglect of which the payment default entry has arisen. Furthermore, amendments 
to the legislation concerning adjustment of the debts of a private individual and restructuring of 
enterprises concerning, among other things, facilitating the access of debtors (including debtors placed 
into bankruptcy) to debt adjustment, relieving the conditions for a debt adjustment and shortening the 
duration of payment schedule in certain cases as well as introducing an early restructuring procedure for 
enterprises in case of imminent insolvency, entered into force in July 2022. Furthermore, as regards debt 
enforcement concerning private individuals, recent amendments to the Finnish Debt Enforcement Code 
(705/2007, as amended) (Sw. utsökningsbalk), which entered into force on 1 May 2023, increased the 
amount of private individual debtor’s payment-free months and require distraining lower amounts from 
the debtor in case of a substantial deterioration of the ability to pay due to expenses of the production of 
income becoming greater than normally. In addition, a temporary amendment to the Finnish Debt 
Enforcement Code increased consumer’s protected income in debt enforcement proceedings at least to 
the level of the guaranteed pension for the year 2023, and the Finnish government has recently proposed 
to continue the increased income level with effect from 1 January 2024. As regards restructuring of 
enterprises, a legislative amendment concerning simplifying the enterprise restructuring procedure and 
facilitating the possibility for a rapid approval of a restructuring programme entered into force on 1 June 
2023. 
The Company’s business could also be adversely affected by changes in laws regarding statutes of 
limitations on debt collection. In Sweden, the statute of limitation for debt collection is ten years and it 
can be renewed through acknowledgement of the debt by the customer (usually through payment), the 
creditor making a claim in writing or otherwise notifying the debtor in writing, or through legal action. In 
Norway, the statute of limitation for debt collection of promissory notes is ten years and it can be renewed 
through acknowledgement of the debt by the customer (usually through payment) or through legal action. 
In Finland, the statute of limitation for debt collection is three years or, if the creditor seeks judgment on 
enforcement, five years, with a possibility for renewal. There is a risk that the statute of limitations on 
debt collection can be shortened, or the ability to extend the statute of limitations can be restricted or 
abolished, in Sweden, Norway or Finland, which would adversely affect the Company’s ability to collect 
from defaulting customers. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to non-compliance with consumer protection and marketing 
laws 
The Company is subject to a number of consumer protection and marketing laws and regulations in 
Sweden, Norway and Finland, concerning, for example, sound credit assessments, advertising and other 
marketing practices, fair contract terms and information requirements. Consumer protection and 
marketing laws and regulations include, for example, requirements to provide specific information, 
requirements regarding marketing materials, specific rights for consumers, such as rights of withdrawal 
(Sw. ångerrätt), and various restrictions on how consumer lending activities may be conducted. Violations

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
of consumer protection laws could lead to fines or other sanctions by regulatory agencies as well as 
damage the Company’s reputation. 
In recent years, the Swedish FSA as well as the Swedish Consumer Agency, the Norwegian government 
together with the Norwegian FSA and the Norwegian Consumer Authority and the Finnish government 
together with the Finnish FSA and the Finnish Consumer Ombudsman, have shown increased focus on the 
monitoring and enforcement of consumer laws and regulation for the benefit of consumers and new 
stricter regulations are under discussion in Sweden, Norway and Finland. 
In Norway, a regulation on marketing of consumer credit entered into force on 1 July 2017. The regulation 
prohibits, for example, door-to-door marketing of credit and emphasizing how fast the credit amount will 
be available to the consumer. In 2016, the Norwegian government adopted an administrative regulation 
relating to loans secured in immovable residential property. The administrative regulation included, inter 
alia, requirements relating to a loan-to-income ratio, a loan-to-asset ratio as well as requirements relating 
to debt servicing capacity. Further, an administrative regulation on prudent consumer lending practices 
with regards to unsecured loans was adopted in February 2019 and financial institutions were required 
to comply with the administrative regulation by 15 May 2019. The administrative regulation on prudent 
consumer lending practices included, inter alia, new rules relating to a loan-to-income ratio, a 
requirement to have monthly instalment payments in an amount which entails that the loan is repaid 
within 5 years and requirements relating to debt servicing capacity. The two administrative regulations 
relating to lending practices in immovable residential property and unsecured consumer loans were 
consolidated into one single regulation on lending practices with effect from 1 January 2021. The 
consolidated lending regulation for the most part continued existing rules, and entailed only minor 
adjustments. The Norwegian Ministry of Finance adopted certain amendments to the regulation on 
lending practices on 9 December 2022, which entered into force on 1 January 2023. The amendment 
includes a somewhat less stringent requirement regarding the debt servicing capacity as it requires the 
credit provider to assess whether the consumer can handle a 3 percentage points increase in the interest 
rate of loans (stress test), and not 5 percentage points as previously (with 7% interest rate as a floor for 
the stress test), as well as certain other amendments. Further, the act on debt information of 2017 has 
facilitated the establishment of private debt registries. Several debt registries have been established, and 
financial institutions are required to report information on consumer loans to debt registries. Further, a 
proposal to prohibit offering credit together with add-on benefits (No. tilleggsfordeler) has been on public 
consultation in 2022, and is currently being considered by the Norwegian government. As the Company 
do not offer any add-on benefits with credits, this is not expected to directly impact the Company. 
Furthermore, financial institutions such as the Company are subject to mandatory pre-contractual 
disclosures and content requirements for credit contracts pursuant to the Norwegian Act on Credit 
Contracts when furnishing credit to Norwegian consumers and to the Finnish Consumer Protection Act as 
well as the general provisions contained the Finnish Contracts Act (228/1929, as amended) (Sw. lag om 
rättshandlingar på förmögenhetsrättens område) when furnishing credits to Finnish consumers. On 18 
December 2020, the Norwegian parliament adopted the Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts, which  
entered into force on 1 January 2023 (with certain transitional rules). The Norwegian government has also 
adopted detailed regulations to accompany the Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts. The purpose of the 
Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts is partly to transpose the EU Payment Services Directive II ((EU) 
2015/2366), the EU Payment Account Directive (2014/92/EU) and the EU Consumer Mortgage Directive 
(2014/17/EU), but it also strengthens consumers’ rights generally. While the key elements of the previous 
Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts are continued, the new Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts is a 
completely revised act which includes several new provisions intended to increase consumer protection, 
such as statutory liability for losses incurred by the consumer as a result of a financial institution’s non-
compliance with the standard of good business practice, liability for losses incurred by the consumer in 
case of misuse of the consumer's electronic signature, a duty to reject  customers whom after a 
responsible credit assessment are considered as not being sufficiently creditworthy (No. tilstrekkelig 
kredittevne) to repay the credit amount, a prohibition on usury rates as well as new rules regarding co-
debtors. The Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts also includes other changes compared to the legislation

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
prior to 1 January 2023, such as changing the notice period for amending the terms of the agreement to 
the consumer's detriment (the notice period has been prolonged from six weeks to two months). 
One key issue to note with respect to the Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts is that amendments to 
existing contracts (whether the terms and conditions or interest rates) must in principle be agreed 
between the financial institution and its customer (tacit consent is permitted provided this is agreed). This 
means that the consumer in principle may object to any proposed amendment, including proposed 
changes to interest rates. If the consumer objects to proposed changes to interest rates, the starting point 
of the Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts is that the interest rate will not be changed. However, the 
Norwegian Ministry of Justice and Public Security issued 12 September 2022 an interpretative statement 
indicating that the bank and the consumer may stipulate in the agreement that in case the consumer 
objects to an interest rate change which is reasonably justified (No. saklig begrunnet), the bank may 
terminate the contract. As such, in a situation where the bank proposes to increase the interest rate, and 
consumers object, the bank may be required to either maintain the customer at the original interest rate 
or terminate the loan agreement with the customer. The matter is not clear-cut and the issue has not yet 
been tested in courts of law. This may impact the bank's ability to manage its interest rate risk and/or 
maintain its customers in Norway.  
In Finland, chapter 7a to the Consumer Protection Act (38/1978) (Sw. konsumentskyddslag), the 
implementation of Directive 2014/17/EU, provides rules on loans relating to housing property. The 
chapter includes, inter alia, requirements relating to debt servicing capacity, creditworthiness assessment 
and assessment of the property to be accepted as security. In addition to chapter 7a, loans relating to 
residential property are also subject to certain provisions of chapter 7 of the Consumer Protection Act 
regarding consumer credits and implementing Directive 2008/48/EC concerning, among other things, 
good lending practice, changes to credit interest and fees, and certain other conduct provisions, as well 
as certain general provisions set out in chapters 2 to 4 of the Consumer Protection Act concerning, for 
example, marketing and conduct in customer relationship, contract terms, and adjustment and 
interpretation of a contract (implementing Directive 93/13/EEC on unfair terms in consumer contracts).  
Amendments with the aim to reduce Finnish households’ over-indebtedness entered into force on 1 
October 2023 with provisions on, among other things, lowering the interest rate cap for other consumer 
credits than mortgage loans secured by real collateral and specifying the types of marketing of consumer 
credits (including mortgage loans) which are considered contrary to good lending practice, including, for 
instance, directing marketing towards consumers who have payment default entries or who can 
otherwise be assumed to have difficulties in properly fulfilling their obligations under the credit 
agreement. Also, the EU regulatory bodies are currently in the process of revising Directive 2008/48/EC 
and reviewing Directive 2014/17/EU which may eventually result in changes to the Finnish legislative 
framework concerning consumer credits and loans secured by residential property.  
In Finland, a credit institution may grant a residential housing loan which is subject to an LTV ratio cap of 
90 per cent pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit Institution Activity (610/2014; Sw. kreditinstitutslag), 
calculated between the loan amount and the current value of the security for the loan at the time of 
granting of the loan. If a first home is involved, a housing loan granted may be no more than 95 per cent 
of the current value of the security provided for the loan. The Finnish FSA is authorised under the Act on 
Credit Institution Activity to decide to reduce the cap by a maximum of 10 percentage units in order to 
limit an exceptional increase of risks to financial stability. As at the date hereof, the cap is 90 per cent on 
residential housing loans and 95 per cent if a first home is involved. Finnish mortgage loans may have a 
fixed or variable rate of interest, although loans with variable rates of interest are the most commonly 
originated at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Moreover, the Finnish Act on Credit Information (527/2007, as amended) (Sw. kreditupplysningslag) has 
facilitated the establishment of credit information registries. Several credit information registers have 
been established, and financial institutions and other credit providers are required to report information 
on consumer loans to credit information registries. From 1 February 2024, financial institutions and other 
credit providers will also be required to report information on consumer loans to the positive credit

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
register and use the positive credit register data for creditworthiness assessment (see also “The Company 
is exposed to risks relating to changes in laws regarding debt collection, debt restructuring and personal 
bankruptcy” above). 
Credit agreement terms differing from the provisions of the Finnish Consumer Protection Act to the 
detriment of the consumer are null and void. A company (including a bank) that violates the provisions of 
the Finnish Consumer Protection Act may, if this is necessary for consumer protection, be prevented from 
continuing such measures or repeating these or comparable measures or in certain cases become subject 
to administrative sanctions such as penalty payment. 
Failure to comply with consumer protection legislation and marketing laws risk to harm the Company’s 
reputation and result in fines and other sanctions which will have an adverse effect on the Company’s 
reputation and results of operation. Furthermore, changes in such laws and regulations could require the 
Company to change its business practices. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to changes in laws and regulations regarding interest tax 
deduction and mortgage amortisation 
In Sweden and Norway, individuals are entitled to deduct a portion of their net capital expenses, such as 
interest paid on mortgage loans, from their income taxes. Although no legislative measures have been 
initiated, interest deductions are currently under public scrutiny in Sweden as part of the political debate 
regarding household over-indebtedness. If such interest deductions were to be reduced or eliminated, it 
would increase the costs for the Company’s customers. 
Correspondingly, under current Norwegian tax rules, rental income derived from renting out part of a 
residential property is tax exempt, provided that at least 50 per cent of the value of the property is used 
and occupied by the owner, which gives a positive effect on the affordability calculation for customers 
who are eligible for this. If tax relief would be reduced or eliminated, it would reduce the net rental income 
for these customers and could have an adverse effect on their affordability calculation. 
In Finland, as of 2023, interest paid on mortgage loans is not deductible for individuals. However, under 
current Finnish tax rules, the interest expenses related to loans relating to residential-property investment 
can be deducted in full as it is considered as a loan for the production of income. The Finnish government 
abolished first-time homebuyers’ transfer tax exemption as of 2024 and lowered transfer tax on, amongst 
others, housing company shares from 2% to 1.5% and transfer tax on real estate from 4% to 3%. The lower 
transfer tax rates apply retroactively to acquisitions as of 12 October 2023. The changes in taxation might 
impact the Finnish housing market and property prices and consequently the demand for the Company’s 
loan products could decrease in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In 2016, the Swedish FSA introduced rules in Sweden making it mandatory for new borrowers to amortise 
on the principal of their mortgages, and similar rules have applied in Norway since 2015. Under the 
Swedish rules, home owners are required to amortise 2 per cent of the principal per year on new 
mortgages until the loan is 70 per cent of the property value, and thereafter amortise 1 per cent per year 
until the LTV ratio is 50 per cent. In March 2018, stricter amortisation rules were implemented in Sweden, 
whereby individuals that have mortgage loans of which the total debt is in excess of four 4.5 times the 
individual’s relevant gross income per year must amortise an additional 1 per cent per year.  
In Norway, from 1 January 2017, a new temporary mortgage loan regulation entered into force which, for 
example, sets forth a loan-to-income-cap entailing that an individual shall not be granted a residential 
mortgage if the individual’s total debt, if the mortgage is issued, would be in excess of five times the 
individual’s gross income per year.  
In Finland, the current own-capital ratio is generally 10 per cent, and 5 per cent for loans taken for first 
homes. The Finnish FSA has repeatedly encouraged credit institutions under its supervision to refrain from

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
granting particularly large loans with a long maturity. In addition, according to the Finnish FSA’s 
recommendation, which entered into force on 1 January 2023, a mortgage loan applicant’s total debt-
servicing costs, which are calculated based on a maximum repayment period of 25 years and a minimum 
interest rate of 6 per cent (except for debt with long-term interest rate hedges and fixed-rate loans), 
should, as a main rule, be no higher than 60 per cent of the applicant’s net income. Further, the maximum 
loan period of a mortgage loan was set to 30 years beginning from July 2023. Moreover, there is a separate 
LTV ratio for loans granted to housing companies and other housing communities for new building 
projects, which is 60 per cent of the debt-free price of the shares in the housing company or other housing 
community. Such loans are also subject to a maximum loan period of 30 years. The Finnish consumer 
protection legislation does not prescribe how the amortisation should be done. It is however stated that 
in case the consumer has several loans from the same creditor, the consumer has the right to determine 
the loan to which amortisation is being directed. 
There is a risk that additional interest and amortisation related requirements may be implemented, which 
could increase households’ debt servicing costs and, as a result, may strain consumers’ ability to make 
timely payments on other debts and may adversely affect consumers’ willingness to take up further debt. 
As a result, this might impact the housing market and property prices and consequently the demand for 
the Company’s loan products could decrease in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to the occurrence of anti-money laundering, financing of 
terrorism and trade sanctions 
The Company is subject to laws and regulations regarding anti-money laundering, know your customer, 
financing of terrorism and trade sanctions in all countries which the Company operates in. Counteracting 
money laundering and terrorist financing is also a highly prioritised area within the EU and the regulatory 
framework is continuously updated to prevent the financial system from being used for money laundering 
and terrorist financing. There is a risk that the Company’s policies or procedures are not sufficient or 
adequate to ensure that the Company complies with the regulatory framework regarding anti-money 
laundering, know your customer-information, financing of terrorism and trade sanctions. This may result 
from, for example, insufficient procedures, internal control frameworks or guidelines, or errors by 
employees, suppliers or counterparties, which risk resulting in a failure to comply with the regulatory 
framework. 
The risk of exposure to money laundering or financing of terrorism or violating trade sanctions has 
increased worldwide. If a regulator would view the Company’s policies and compliance procedures as 
being insufficient to comply with local rules and standards in any single jurisdiction, sanctions in the form 
of a reprimand or warning, fines or revocation of licenses are at risk for the Company. This would cause 
significant, and potentially irreparable, damage to the Company’s business relationships and reputation. 
The Company’s operations are contingent upon the Company’s banking licence, thus making a revocation 
a significant risk for the Company. The degree to which non-compliance with laws and regulations 
regarding anti-money laundering, know your customer, financing of terrorism and trade sanctions may 
affect the Company is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Company’s reputation, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to changes to accounting rules 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and/or the EU amend IFRS, 
which govern the preparation of the Company’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to 
predict and materially affect how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of 
operations. In some cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard 
retrospectively, resulting in restating prior periods’ financial statements. 
For example, in July 2014, the IASB issued a new accounting standard, International Financial Reporting 
Standard 9 (Financial Instruments) (“IFRS 9”), which became effective from 1 January 2018 and replaced

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
IAS 39. IFRS 9 provides principles for classification of financial instruments, and provisioning for expected 
credit losses which are mandatory, and was therefore fully implemented by the Company, as of 1 January 
2018. Furthermore, IFRS 9 provides a new general hedge accounting model which is not yet mandatory, 
and it is currently not possible to determine the extent of the impact that the implementation of the 
hedge accounting model will have on CET 1 capital as the new rules for the transition, and its impact on 
capital ratios, are not yet final. As a consequence of the new general hedge accounting model under IFRS 
9, and the uncertainty regarding its implementation, the Company may need to obtain additional capital 
in the future and may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing qualifying as regulatory 
capital on attractive terms, or at all. Any such difficulties to obtain additional capital would have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial position. 
The IASB may make other changes to the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the 
preparation of the Company’s financial statements, which the Company may adopt prior to the date on 
which such changes become mandatory if determined to be appropriate, or which the Company may be 
required to adopt. There is a risk that any such change in the Company’s accounting policies or accounting 
standards will have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial position. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to changes to tax rules and the tax authorities’ interpretations 
of applicable rules 
The Company’s business and transactions are conducted in accordance with the Company’s 
interpretations of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations and requirements of the tax authorities. There 
is a risk that the Company’s interpretation of applicable rules and administrative practice is incorrect. In 
addition, the rules and practice may change, possibly with retroactive effect. For example, new rules 
regarding risk tax (Sw. riskskatt) for credit institutions with debt exceeding certain thresholds entered into 
force on 1 January 2022. For financial years commencing in 2022, the threshold was set to SEK 150 billion. 
Thereafter, the threshold is indexed on a yearly basis. The risk tax rate currently amounts to 0.06 per cent 
of a credit institution’s debt (computed in a certain way). According to the Company, the Company’s debt 
is below the threshold for qualifying for the risk tax as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In 2023, the Company’s reported tax on profit totalled SEK 73.7 million and its effective tax rate was 
27.7 per cent. The Company’s tax situation for previous, current and future years may change as a result 
of legislative changes such as the one mentioned, decisions made by the tax authorities or as a result of 
changed tax treaties, regulations, case law or requirements of the tax authorities. Such decisions or 
changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s tax position, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Company is exposed to risks relating to internal governing documents, procedures, processes and 
evaluation methods used by the Company to assess and manage risks may be insufficient to cover 
unidentified, unanticipated, or incorrectly quantified risks and fraud 
The internal governing documents, procedures, processes and evaluation methods used by the Company 
to assess and manage risks may not be fully effective in managing, or at all identifying, all types of risks. 
Examples of such risks include misconduct caused by remuneration policies that encourage risk taking or 
a lack of adequate internal governance or control with regards to the Company’s products and funding. 
Furthermore, the Company faces the risk that its operations may not be in compliance with internal 
governing documents or that it may not correctly quantify identified risks. If the Company is unable to 
successfully implement and adhere to effective internal governing documents, procedures, processes and 
evaluation methods to assess and manage risk, this could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Effective internal governance and control is necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial 
reports and to ensure compliance with internal and external rules and other reporting requirement as 
well as to prevent fraud. While the Company has implemented policies and controls regarding its financial 
reporting, such policies and controls may be inadequate. In addition, the Company’s controls at the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
operational level may be inadequate, leading to non-compliance with the Company’s internal governing 
documents and, as a result, this may cause the Company to incur increased compliance costs and suffer 
reputational damage. Inadequate internal governance and control could also cause investors and other 
third parties to lose confidence in the Company’s reported financial information. If the Company does not 
implement reliable financial reports or maintain an effective internal governance and control framework, 
it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s reputation, business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
RISKS RELATING TO ALL MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
Credit risk 
An investor in the Medium Term Notes must assess the credit risk associated with the Company and the 
Medium Term Notes. In case the financial position or prospects for the Company should deteriorate, there 
is a risk that the Company would not be able to fulfil its payment obligations under the Medium Term 
Notes. There is also a risk that a deterioration of the Company’s financial position or prospects adversely 
affect the market price of the Medium Term Notes. Another aspect of the credit risk is if a deteriorated 
financial position results in a lower credit worthiness, which affects the Company’s ability to refinance the 
Medium Term Notes and other existing debt, which in turn adversely affects the Company’s operations, 
result and financial position. 
Credit rating 
On 7 November 2023, the credit rating agency Moody’s assigned a local and foreign currency long term 
deposit rating of A3, Stable Outlook to the Company. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any time. 
Any downgrade of the Company’s credit rating is likely to increase the Company’s borrowing costs, limit 
its access to the debt capital markets, undermine the competitive position of the Company and/or limit 
the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Company. A rating downgrade could 
also adversely affect the Company’s liquidity position and undermine confidence in the Company. 
In addition, there is a risk that a credit rating relating to the Company does not reflect all risks associated 
with an investment in the Medium Term Notes. Should a Loan be assigned a credit rating that is lower 
than expected there is a risk that the market value and liquidity of the Medium Term Notes are adversely 
affected. Hence posing a risk that an investor doesn’t recover its full investment in the Medium Term 
Notes.  
Limited rights for Noteholders to demand early redemption of the Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control 
A Noteholder will not have an automatic right to demand repayment of its Note Loan upon the occurrence 
of a Change of Control as the right of a Noteholder to request early redemption following a Change of 
Control is linked to the credit rating of the relevant Notes or the Issuer. Upon the occurrence of a Change 
of Control Event, a Noteholder will only have the right to demand repayment of its Note Loan in 
accordance with Clause 10 of the Terms and Conditions. A Change of Control Event has occurred if there 
is a Change of Control and either (a) if a particular issue of Notes or the Issuer are rated by any Rating 
Agency (i) a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs and (ii) following such Rating 
Downgrade neither that particular issue of Notes nor the Issuer carry a public Investment Grade Rating 
from any other Rating Agency, or (b) (i) on the occurrence of the Change of Control, neither the Notes nor 
the Issuer are rated by any Rating Agency and (ii) neither the Notes nor the Issuer are within the Change 
of Control Period assigned a public Investment Grade Rating by a Rating Agency. There is therefore a risk 
that a Noteholder will not have the possibility to demand early repayment of the relevant Note Loan 
following a Change of Control and therefore would need to retain its exposure towards the Issuer also 
after a change in control and/or ownership which may lead to internal non-compliance for investors or

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
otherwise that the Noteholder would need to sell its Notes at the then prevailing market terms which 
may lead to such Noteholder not recovering its full investment. 
Noteholders’ meeting and lack of Noteholders’ representation 
The Terms and Conditions include certain provisions regarding Noteholders’ meetings which may be held 
in order to resolve on matters relating to the Noteholders’ interests. Such provisions allow for designated 
majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who have not participated in or voted at the 
actual meeting or who have voted differently than the required majority, to decisions that have been 
taken at a duly convened and conducted Noteholders’ meeting. Therefore, the decisions of the majority 
in such matters can impact the Noteholders’ rights under Notes in a manner that can be undesirable for 
some of the Noteholders. The degree to which any such decisions may affect the Noteholders is uncertain 
and presents a significant risk that the actions of the majority in such matters can impact the Noteholders’ 
rights in a manner that adversely affects an investor’s investment in Medium Term Notes. 
It is the Administrative Agent that shall convene a Noteholders’ meeting pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. Other than that, the Noteholders’ do not have any representative in relation to the Medium 
Term Notes. As a consequence, each Noteholder can bring their own action against the Company. A 
Noteholder may for example submit an application for bankruptcy against the Company. There is 
therefore a risk that a Noteholder takes actions in relation to the Medium Term Notes which are not 
desirable by certain other Noteholders and which have an adverse effect on market value and liquidity of 
the Medium Term Notes. Such action thus poses a risk that the investors lose some or all of its investment 
in Medium Term Notes.  
Market and tenor risks 
The market risks between the different series of Medium Term Notes varies depending on the debt 
construction and tenor of the relevant series. The risks associated with an investment in Medium Term 
Notes increases with the length of the tenor of the Medium Term Notes, as the credit risk of the Medium 
Term Notes with a longer tenor is more difficult to assess compared to the Medium Term Notes with a 
shorter tenor. In addition, the market risks increase with the tenor of the Medium Term Notes as 
fluctuations in the market value of the Medium Term Notes is greater for the Medium Term Notes with a 
longer tenor than the Medium Term Notes with a shorter tenor. Hence an investment in Medium Term 
Notes with a longer tenor poses an increased risk that the investor loses all or part of its investment.  
No limitation on incurring debt 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt which the Company may incur or issue which ranks senior 
to the Medium Term Notes or on the amount of securities which the Company may issue which ranks pari 
passu with the Medium Term Notes. There is therefore a risk that such issuance reduces the amount 
recoverable by the Noteholders in the event of bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) or liquidation (Sw. likvidation) 
of the Company.  
The Company may provide collateral for other debt  
The Terms and Conditions do not contain any negative pledge undertaking and, consequently, the 
Company may issue secured market loans (including covered bonds) in the future. Therefore, the 
Company may retain, provide or renew security over its current or future assets to secure existing or 
additional bank loans or other debt instruments. Amongst other things, the Company can issue covered 
bonds (Sw. säkerställda obligationer) under the Act (2003:1223) on issuance of Covered Bonds (Sw. lag 
(2003:1223) om utgivande av säkerställda obligationer) under its programme for issuance of covered 
bonds (the “MTCN programme”). 
A Medium Term Note represents an unsecured obligation of the Company. This means that in the event 
of the Company’s liquidation or bankruptcy the Noteholders normally receive payment after any creditors

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
with security over certain assets have been paid in full. There is a risk that the remaining assets would not 
be sufficient to satisfy all unsecured claims on the Company in full or that no such assets will exist. Every 
investor should thus be aware that by investing in the Medium Term Notes, it risks losing the entire or 
parts of its investment in the event of the Company’s liquidation, company re-organisation or bankruptcy. 
In relation to Subordinated Notes, please see the risk factors under the heading ‘Specific risks relating to 
the Subordinated Notes’. 
Benchmark Regulation 
In order to ensure the reliability of reference rates, legislative action at EU level has been taken. Hence, 
the Benchmark Regulation which regulates the provision of reference values, reporting of data bases for 
reference values and use of reference values within the EU. There is a risk that the benchmark regulation 
may affect how certain reference rates are calculated. These reforms may cause STIBOR, EURIBOR or 
NIBOR to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on floating interest rate 
Notes and poses a risk to the value of and return on the investments of the Noteholders. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any floating interest Notes, in particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of STIBOR, EURIBOR or NIBOR (as applicable) are changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, 
of the benchmark. Any such change of the methodology presents a significant risk to the return on a 
Noteholder’s investment. 
The potential elimination of STIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner 
of administration of any benchmark could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of 
the Loan Terms. The outcome of such adjustment may be detrimental to the value of the relevant Medium 
Term Notes. Hence, any amendment of the interest provisions of the Loan Terms presents a significant 
risk to the value of a Noteholder’s investment. 
Secondary market 
The Medium Term Notes which have been issued under the MTN-Programme may not necessarily be held 
by multiple Noteholders nor traded in a significant volume. Therefore, there is a risk that a secondary 
market for the Medium Term Notes will not arise or persist. Following an admission to trading, the price 
of the Medium Term Notes may be affected by a number of factors of which only a few are mentioned in 
this section (Risk Factors). The transaction costs for trading with the Medium Term Notes may also prove 
to be high. Noteholders therefore risk, in the view of the Noteholders, not being able to trade the Medium 
Term Notes to acceptable terms. An investment in the Medium Term Notes shall therefore only be made 
by investors who can bear the risk of there not arising a secondary market and therefore need to hold the 
Medium Term Notes until the Maturity Date. 
Medium Term Notes with fixed interest rate 
Notes with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Notes. During 
that time, holders of Notes with fixed interest rate are exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes 
may fall because of changes in the market yield. While the nominal interest rate (i.e. the coupon) of Notes 
with fixed interest rate is fixed until the Maturity Date for such Notes, the market yield typically changes 
on a daily basis. As the market yield changes, the price of Notes with fixed interest rate changes in the 
opposite direction, i.e. if the market yield increases, the price of such Notes falls and if the market yield 
falls, the price of such Notes increases. There is a risk that the price of Notes with fixed interest rate is 
adversely affected by movements of the market yield, which, if a Noteholder decides to sell Notes in the 
secondary market, will result in such Noteholder losing a significant part of their investment in such Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Medium Term Notes with floating interest rate 
There is risk that a decrease in the general interest rate level decreases the return of the Medium Term 
Notes bearing floating interest rate. Furthermore, the fact that the applicable base interest rate in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions may have a value lower than zero creates a risk that an investor 
in the Medium Term Notes is not guaranteed a return corresponding to the applicable margin.  
Medium Term Notes without interest 
Investments in the Medium Term Notes not bearing interest (zero coupon) implies a risk that the market 
value of the Medium Term Notes is adversely affected by changes in the market interest rate. There is a 
risk that an increase in the general interest rate level decreases the value of a Medium Term Note not 
bearing interest. Such a value decrease poses a risk that an investor loses part of their investment in such 
Notes. 
Risks associated with Sustainability Linked MTN 
What constitutes a Sustainability Linked MTN is determined by the criteria set out in the Sustainability-
Linked Bond Framework in force on the Loan Date for a particular Sustainability Linked MTN. There is 
currently no generally accepted definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what criteria a particular financial instrument must meet to qualify as, sustainability-linked (and, in 
addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time). A Sustainability Linked MTN 
will be linked to Key Performance Indicators. The determination of Key Performance Indicators may 
involve assessments where different considerations may need to be set against each other, which may 
affect the decision-making process on which Key Performance Indicators are finally selected by the 
Company. A similar assessment may arise when the Key Performance Indicators are monitored. 
Therefore, there is a risk that conflict of interests may arise between certain Key Performance Indicators 
when such are selected and/or monitored. Furthermore, there is a risk that Note Loans in accordance 
with these criteria does not fit all investors’ requirements, wishes or specific investment mandate. For an 
investor who wishes to invest in green and sustainable projects, Sustainability Linked MTN may not be 
suitable as the issue proceeds may be used for general corporate purposes. Furthermore, there is a risk 
that investors will misjudge the Issuer’s ability to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target. It is the 
obligation of every investor to obtain current information regarding risks and principles for such Note 
Loans as these may change or develop over time. Both the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and 
market practice may develop over time and may change after a certain Loan Date. Any change made to 
the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework made following an issuance of Sustainability Linked MTN will 
not affect Noteholders of previously issued Sustainability Linked MTN subsequently and/or changed 
requirements for the Issuer. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company has not published a 
Sustainability Linked MTN framework. 
In December 2019, the European Council and the European Parliament agreed on the Taxonomy 
Regulation (Regulation EU 2020/852) (the “Taxonomy Regulation”), a common classification system 
aimed at facilitating the classification of sustainable investment. The Taxonomy Regulation is expected to 
impose stricter rules when assessing e.g. green and sustainable financial products and activities. The 
Taxonomy Regulation entered into force on 22 June 2020 and contains rules to determine when an 
economic activity is to be considered environmentally sustainable. As a first step, the Taxonomy 
Regulation includes climate change. As a second step, it was expanded to include water and marine 
resources, conversion to a circular economy, environmental degradation, and biodiversity. Rules 
regarding the climate change mitigation and adaption objectives applies from 1 January 2022 and rules 
regarding the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, the transition to a circular 
economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and 
ecosystem applies from 1 January 2023. There is uncertainty as to how the Taxonomy Regulation may 
affect the Sustainability Performance Target and the classification of Sustainability Linked MTN. The 
Taxonomy Regulation may, inter alia, affect the validity of the chosen Sustainability Performance Target, 
i.e., how correct investors perceive the Sustainability Performance Target. Therefore, there is a risk that

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
the classification of a Note Loan issued as a Sustainability Linked MTN under the Sustainability Terms will 
be affected by the Taxonomy Regulation and that such Note Loans will no longer be qualified to be 
classified as a sustainable asset in accordance with the Taxonomy Regulation. 
Changes in the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework made after the Loan Date for a particular Note Loan 
will generally not apply to the Noteholders of that Note Loan. 
Failure by the Issuer to comply with the Sustainability Terms in relation to a specific Note Loan, or if a 
specific Sustainability Linked MTN due to the Taxonomy Regulation ceases to be classified as a 
Sustainability Linked MTN, does not constitute an event of default or termination event under the Note 
Loan. Neither are Noteholders entitled to early payment, repurchase or redemption of the Note Loan, or 
other type of compensation (other than an Interest Rate Increase or an Additional Repayment Amount, 
as applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) for non-compliance with the Sustainability Terms. 
Consequently, there is a risk for investors in Sustainability Linked MTN that the Note Loan will cease to be 
classified as a Sustainability Linked MTN which may lead to internal non-compliance for investors that 
require the Note Loan to be classified as a Sustainability Linked MTN. At the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Company has not published a Sustainability Linked MTN framework. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the Interest Rate Increase or an Additional Repayment Amount (as 
applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms), that may be applied for a Sustainability Linked MTN, 
does not occur since such an Interest Rate Increase or an Additional Repayment Amount presupposes 
that the current Sustainability Performance Target is not met and that an External Reviewer does not 
confirm that the current Sustainability Performance Targets have been achieved in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions. Should the Issuer meet the Sustainability Performance Target for a certain Note 
Loan, this may negatively affect the value of Note Loans.  
SPECIFIC RISKS RELATING TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
Subordination in right of payments in the event of the Company’s bankruptcy or insolvency 
The rights of the Noteholders related to Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the liquidation 
(Sw. likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the Company, be subordinated in right of payment to the 
claims of depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Company but shall rank at least pari passu 
with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Company (excluding creditors whose rights are expressed 
to rank in priority to the holders of the Subordinated Notes). 
In the event of a shortfall of funds in a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Company, there is a risk that an 
investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose all or most of its investment and will not receive any return 
of the principal amount. An investor may therefore recover less than an investor in unsubordinated or 
other subordinated liabilities of the Company that are senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
The Company may redeem the Subordinated Notes on the occurrence of a Capital Event or Tax Event 
The Company may in certain circumstances, at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Swedish FSA, redeem the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or 
Tax Event at par together with accrued interest on any Interest Payment Date. 
Should the Company redeem the Subordinated Notes, there is a risk that the Noteholders will not be able 
to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as 
their investments in the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
The General Terms and Conditions do not contain any right on the Noteholders to accelerate the 
Subordinated Notes prior to the Company’s bankruptcy or liquidation 
Subordinated Notes are intended to constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Company. Consequently, the 
General Terms and Conditions do not include any obligations or undertakings binding on the Company 
which if breached would give rise to a right of the Noteholders to accelerate the Subordinated Notes, and 
the Subordinated Notes may only be accelerated upon the Company’s bankruptcy or liquidation. There is 
therefore a risk that the investors that hold Subordinated Notes will not regain their investment should 
the Company breach the General Terms and Conditions.  
Call options in respect of Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior consent of the Swedish FSA 
The market risk with an investment in notes increases the longer the term of said notes is, since it is more 
difficult to overview how market interest rates will develop with a longer term. The market risk also 
increases with a longer term since the fluctuation in the price of a note is greater for a note with a longer 
term than for a note with a shorter term. 
Under the Final Terms for Subordinated Notes, the Company may have the option to redeem 
Subordinated Notes prior to their stated Maturity Date. If the Company considers it favourable to exercise 
such a call option, the Company must obtain the prior consent of the Swedish FSA. 
Noteholders have no rights to call for the redemption of Subordinated Notes and should not invest in such 
Notes with the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Company. The Swedish FSA will base 
its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Company and certain other factors at the relevant 
time. There is a risk that the Swedish FSA will not permit such a call or that the Company will not exercise 
such a call. Noteholders should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in Subordinated Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BLUESTEP BANK AB (PUBL) MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
These general terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to any and all loans that 
Bluestep Bank AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556717-5129) (the “Issuer”) raises on the Swedish or Norwegian capital 
market under an agreement with the Dealers (as defined below) in respect of a Swedish medium term 
note programme (the “MTN-Programme”) by issuing notes in SEK, NOK or EUR with terms of not less than 
one year, so called notes or subordinated notes. 
For each Medium Term Loan, final terms are prepared in accordance with Appendix 1 (Form of Final 
Terms) that include supplementary terms and conditions (the “Final Terms”), which together with these 
Terms and Conditions constitute the complete terms and conditions for the relevant Medium Term Loan 
(the “Loan Terms”). Final Terms for Medium Term Notes that are offered to the public will be published 
on the Issuer’s website (www. bluestepbank.com) and made available at the office of the Issuer. For as 
long as any Medium Term Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will keep the Terms and Conditions and the 
Final Terms for such Medium Term Notes available on its website. 
1 
Definitions 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set forth above, the following terms shall have the meaning 
given below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account 
operator (Sw. kontoförande institut) pursuant to (a) the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act or (b) the Norwegian CSD Act, as applicable, and through which a Noteholder 
has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Medium Term Notes. 
“Additional Repayment Amount” means the amount, where applicable and in relation to a 
Sustainability Linked MTN which is stated in the Final Terms. 
“Additional 
Tier 
1 
Instruments” 
means 
Additional 
Tier 
1 
instruments 
(Sw. primärkapitaltillskott) as defined in Part Two, Title 1, Chapter 3 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation.  
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means, with respect to a specific Medium Term Loan, the Loan 
Amount less the amount of all Medium Term Notes owned by the Issuer, another Group 
Company or EQT VII, whether the Issuer, that Group Company or EQT VII is directly registered 
as owner of such Medium Term Notes or not. 
”Administrative Agent” means (i) if a Medium Term Loan has been raised through two or 
more Issuing Dealers, the Issuing Dealer designated by the Issuer to be responsible for certain 
administrative tasks regarding the Medium Term Loan in accordance with the Final Terms; 
and (ii) if a Medium Term Loan has been raised through only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing 
Dealer. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company 
of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company. 
“Arranger” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or any Dealer replacing it as 
Arranger. 
”Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR, EURIBOR or 
NIBOR as described in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR, EURIBOR or 
NIBOR in accordance with Clause 7 (Replacement of Base Rate).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, a day other than a Sunday or other public holiday in 
Sweden on which commercial banks are open for general business in Stockholm. 
Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and 
New Year’s Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to 
be public holidays in Sweden; and  
(b) 
in respect of VPS Notes, a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other public holiday 
in Norway on which banks are open for general business in Oslo and Stockholm and 
in relation to payments of Medium Term Notes, also a day on which the Norwegian 
Central Bank´s (No. Norges Bank) and the VPS´s settlement system are operating. 
“Calculation Method” means the calculation method or methods which, in relation to a 
Sustainability Linked MTN, are stated in the Final Terms. 
“Capital Disqualification Event” means that, at any time after the relevant Loan Date, there 
is a change in the Capital Regulations of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to 
result in the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes from the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
or reclassification of the Subordinated Notes as a lower quality form of regulatory capital, 
provided that:  
(a) 
the Swedish FSA considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and  
(b) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Swedish FSA that the regulatory 
reclassification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the Loan 
Date. 
“Capital Regulations” means, at any time, regulations, directives, guidelines or similar of 
the EU and its institutions and any delegated act adopted by the European Commission 
thereunder, as well as the legal acts, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy of credit institutes issued by the Swedish Parliament, the 
Swedish Government, the Swedish FSA and/or any European successor then in effect in 
Sweden, including (but not limited to): 
(a) 
the Capital Buffer Act (Sw. lag (2014:966) om kapitalbuffertar); 
(b) 
the Special Supervision of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms Act (Sw. lag 
(2014:968) om särskild tillsyn av kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag); 
(c) 
the Capital Requirements Regulation; 
(d) 
the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC; and 
(e) 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 
2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 
2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 
648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
“Capital Requirements Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.  
“Code on Parents and Children” means the Swedish Code on Parents and Children (Sw. 
föräldrabalken (1949:381). 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments” means Common Equity Tier 1 instruments (Sw. 
kärnprimärkapitalinstrument) as defined in Part Two, Title 1, Chapter 2 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation.  
“Companies Act” means the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
“CSD” means the central securities depository and registrar in which the Medium Term 
Notes are registered as stated in the Final Terms and is (i) Euroclear Sweden in respect of 
Euroclear Notes and (ii) VPS in respect of VPS Notes.  
“Currency” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a certain reference 
period, the stated basis of calculation and which: 
(a) 
if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, means that the amount 
is to be calculated based on a year with 360 days consisting of twelve months each 
consisting of 30 days and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual number 
of days of the month that have passed; and 
(b) 
if the calculation method “actual/360” is specified as applicable, means that the 
amount is to be calculated on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant period 
divided by 360. 
“Dealers” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Nordea Bank Abp, Danske Bank 
A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial and such other dealer (Sw. emissionsinstitut) appointed for this 
MTN-Programme in accordance with Clause 18.4, but only for so long as such dealer has not 
withdrawn as a dealer.  
“Debt Register” means the register, held by (i) Euroclear Sweden in respect of Euroclear 
Notes and (ii) VPS in respect of VPS Notes, of Noteholders in relation to a Medium Term 
Loan.  
“EQT VII” means EQT VII, being comprised of EQT VII (No.1) Limited Partnership and EQT VII 
(No. 2) Limited Partnership (in each case acting by its manager, EQT Fund Management 
S.à r.l.) or any other person managed by EQT Fund Management S.à r.l., or by any successor 
as manager of such partnerships or person, provided that such successor is an Affiliate of 
EQT AB. 
“EUR” means euro, the single currency of the participating member states in accordance 
with the European Union’s framework for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU). 
”EURIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day on page 
EURIBOR01 of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such other 
page as replaces the said system or page) for EUR for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the European 
Reference Banks for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Euroclear Notes” means Medium Term Notes denominated in SEK or EUR. 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Reg. No. 556112-8074). 
“European Reference Banks” means four major commercial banks which, at the current 
time, are quoting EURIBOR and are appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
“External Reviewer” means, in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, the acknowledged 
and independent external reviewer, stated in the Final Terms, appointed by the Issuer with 
the task of determining whether the Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved, 
that has the expertise to carry out such a task. 
”Event of Default” means any event or circumstance specified as such in Clause 14 (Events 
of Default in relation to Note Loans) or Clause 15 (Events of Default in relation to 
Subordinated Loans). 
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Group. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” has the meaning set out in Clause 6 (Interest) and as further specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate” has the meaning set out in Clause 6 (Interest) and as further specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Framework Amount” means SEK 5,000,000,000 or the equivalent in other currencies. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
“Group Company” means a company which is a part of the Group. 
“Holding Company” means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of which it 
is a Subsidiary. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date from 
which interest (if applicable) shall begin to accrue. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest applicable to a Medium Term Loan, as specified 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
“Interest Rate Decrease” means the interest rate decrease which, where applicable and in 
relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, is stated in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Increase” means the interest rate increase which, where applicable and in 
relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, is stated in the Final Terms. 
”IPA” and “Issuing and Paying Agent” means the issuing and paying agent appointed by the 
Issuer. 
“IPO Event” means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby the shares in the 
Issuer or any holding company of the Issuer are admitted to trading on a MTF or Regulated 
Market. 
“Issuing Dealer”, means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those Dealers through 
which a particular Medium Term Loan has been raised under this MTN-Programme. 
“Key Performance Indicators” means the sustainability indicator or indicators that are 
applicable in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN and stated in the Final Terms. 
“Limitations Act” means the Swedish Limitations Act (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)). 
“Loan Amount” means the aggregate Nominal Amount of Medium Term Notes with regards 
to a particular Medium Term Loan. 
“Loan Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Material Group Company” means the Issuer and each Group Company representing (on a 
consolidated basis) more than ten per cent of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as 
set out in the most recently published audited financial statements of such Group Company 
and the Issuer.  
“Maturity Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date when the relevant 
Medium Term Notes shall be repaid. 
“Medium Term Loan” means each Note Loan and Subordinated Loan. 
“Medium Term Note” means each Note and Subordinated Note. 
“MTF” means any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments). 
“NIBOR” means the interest rate for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period 
(a) based on quotes from the NIBOR panel banks for unsecured money market lending in 
NOK to another bank which is administered by Norske Finansielle Referenser AS (NoRe) and 
calculated and published by Global Rate Set Systems Ltd (or any successor to it), at 
approximately 12:00 (Oslo time) on the Interest Determination Date, or if such quotation 
does not exist (b) at the mentioned time equivalent to: 
(i) 
the arithmetic mean of the quoted interest rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) for deposits of NOK 100,000,000 for the period in question on the Norwegian 
interbank market as supplied by leading banks in the Norwegian interbank market 
reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent; or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
(ii) 
if only one or no such quotation is given, the Administrative Agent’s assessment of the 
interest rate offered by Norwegian commercial banks for lending of NOK 100,000,000 
for the period in question on the Norwegian interbank market. 
“NOK” means Norwegian kroner, the lawful currency of Norway. 
“Nominal Amount” means the principal amount of each Medium Term Note as stated in 
the Final Terms (reduced by any repaid amount). 
“Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts” means the Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts (No. lov 
av 18. Desember 2020 nr. 146 om finansavtaler).4 
”Norwegian CSD Act” means the Norwegian Act on Securities Settlement and Centralised 
Securities Depositories Act (No. lov av 15. March 2020 nr. 6 om verdipapirsentraler og 
verdipapiroppgjør). 
“Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set forth in the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes, or the Norwegian 
CSD Act in respect of VPS Notes, which represents a part of a Note Loan, which is governed 
by these Terms and Conditions. 
“Note Loan” means each unsubordinated and unsecured loan, comprising of one or more 
Notes, raised by the Issuer under this MTN-Programme. 
“Noteholder” means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct 
registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Medium Term 
Note. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among the Noteholders, in respect of a Medium 
Term Loan, held in accordance with Clause 16 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Record Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to Euroclear Notes, the fifth Business Day (or another Business Day which 
is market practice on the Swedish bond market), prior to (i) the payment date for 
interest or principal in accordance with the Loan Terms, (ii) a date on which payments 
is to be made to Noteholders, (iii) the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting, (iv) a date on 
which a notice is sent or (v) another relevant date; and  
(b) 
in relation to VPS Notes, (A) the third Business Day (or another Business Day which is 
market practice on the Norwegian bond market), prior to (i) the payment date for 
principal in accordance with the Loan Terms, (ii) a date on which payments (other than 
interest payments) is to be made to Noteholders, (iii) the date of a Noteholders’ 
Meeting, (iv) a date on which a notice is sent or (v) another relevant date; and (B) the 
fourteenth Business Day (or another Business Day which is market practice on the 
Norwegian bond market), prior to the payment date for interest in accordance with 
the Loan Terms. 
“Redemption Date” means the date on which a Medium Term Loan is repaid in accordance 
with Clause 10 (Early redemption as a result of change of control of the Issuer (put option)) 
or Clause 11 (Early redemption of Subordinated Notes).  
“Reference Banks” means: 
 
4 Note that the referred law has been amended.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
(a) 
the Dealers (or, if applicable, any relevant branch of any of the Dealers) appointed 
under this MTN-Programme; or 
(b) 
if none, or only one, of the Dealers provide a quotation for a relevant Base Rate, such 
replacing banks who at the relevant time provide a quotation for STIBOR and as 
appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (or any replacing or supplementing legal act) and stated in 
the Final Terms as applicable to a Medium Term Loan. 
“Reporting Date” means the date or dates which, in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, 
is specified in the Final Terms. 
“Securities Account” means the account maintained by the relevant CSD in which (i) an 
owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is 
registered in the name of a nominee, in accordance with applicable law of the relevant 
country. 
“SEK” means Swedish kronor, the lawful currency of Sweden. 
”STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the 
relevant day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page ”STIBOR=” (or 
through such other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) 
for SEK for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the Reference 
Banks for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest 
rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market 
for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Subordinated Loan” means each subordinated loan, comprising of one or more 
Subordinated Notes, raised by the Issuer under this MTN-Programme. 
“Subordinated Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set 
forth in the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes, or 
the Norwegian CSD Act in respect of VPS Notes, which represents a part of a Subordinated 
Loan which is governed by these Terms and Conditions. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether 
incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary to such person, directly or indirectly, 
as defined in the Companies Act. 
“Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework” means the Issuer´s sustainability-linked bond 
framework, as it is worded on the date of each issue of Sustainability Linked MTN and as 
further amended from time to time.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
“Sustainability Linked MTN” means a Note Loan that, according to the relevant Final Terms, 
is a Sustainability Linked MTN. 
“Sustainability Performance Target” means the sustainability goal or goals which, where 
applicable and in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, is stated in the Final Terms and 
whose fulfilment is calculated based on the relevant Key Performance Indicator and with 
the application of the relevant Calculation Method. 
“Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument). 
“Swedish FSA” means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Sw. Finansinspektionen). 
“Target Date” means the date or dates, in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, stated in 
the Final Terms, by which the Issuer must have met the Sustainability Performance Target. 
“Tax Event” means that, at any time after the relevant Loan Date, there is a change in the 
applicable tax treatment of Subordinated Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Swedish FSA is material and was not reasonably foreseeable on the 
relevant Loan Date. 
“Tier 2 Instruments” means Tier 2 instruments (Sw. supplementärkapitalinstrument) as 
defined in Part Two, Title 1, Chapter 4 of the Capital Requirements Regulation. 
“VPS” means Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Reg. No. 985 140 421). 
“VPS Notes” means Medium Term Notes denominated in NOK. 
1.2 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold expressed in SEK has been reached or 
exceeded, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of 
exchange on the previous Business Day which is published on Reuters site ”SEKFIX=” (or 
through other such system or on another site which replaces the aforementioned system or 
site) or, if no such rate is published, the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for 
the mentioned date, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its 
website (www.riksbank.se). 
1.3 
The definitions set out in these Terms and Conditions shall apply to the Final Terms. 
1.4 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to any 
word importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. 
2 
STATUS OF THE MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
2.1 
Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall at 
all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are 
preferred by mandatory law.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
2.2 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer. The Subordinated 
Notes constitute wholly subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. In the event of liquidation 
(Sw. likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the Issuer, the claims of the Noteholders 
shall in respect of the Subordinated Notes be subordinated to the claims of any depositors 
and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of such obligations, but rank 
pari passu with the claims of any holders of other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer 
in respect of such obligations, and rank in priority to the claims of any holders of Common 
Equity Tier 1 Instruments, any other class of share capital or Additional Tier 1 Instruments of 
the Issuer in respect of such obligations.  
No Noteholder who in the event of the liquidation (Sw. likvidation) or bankruptcy 
(Sw. konkurs) of the Issuer is indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of 
set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes held by such Noteholder.  
3 
ISSUE OF MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
3.1 
Under this MTN-Programme the Issuer may issue Notes and Subordinated Notes, 
denominated in SEK, NOK or in EUR, with a maturity of at least one year. Under a Medium 
Term Loan, Medium Term Notes may be issued in multiple tranches without the approval of 
any Noteholder under the relevant Loan, provided that the terms of such tranches are 
identical with the exception of Loan Date, Loan Amount, price per Medium Term Note and 
Issuing Dealer. 
3.2 
By subscribing to Notes or Subordinated Notes each initial Noteholder approves that its 
Medium Term Notes shall be governed by the Loan Terms. By acquiring Medium Term Notes 
each new Noteholder confirms such approval. 
3.3 
The Issuer undertakes to make payments in respect of issued Medium Term Notes in 
accordance with the Loan Terms and to comply with the Loan Terms for the Medium Term 
Notes. 
3.4 
If the Issuer wishes to issue Medium Term Notes under this MTN-Programme the Issuer shall 
enter into a separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be 
the Issuing Dealers for such Medium Term Loan. Final Terms shall be prepared in relation to 
each particular Medium Term Loan, which together with these Terms and Conditions shall 
constitute the full Loan Terms. 
4 
REGISTRATION OF MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
4.1 
Medium Term Notes shall be registered on a Securities Account on behalf of Noteholders 
and, accordingly, no physical Medium Term Note will be issued. Registration requests relating 
to Medium Term Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator. 
4.2 
Those who according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Code on Parents and 
Children, conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive 
payment in respect of a Medium Term Note shall procure for registration of their right to 
receive payment. 
4.3 
The Administrative Agent shall, at all times, be entitled to obtain information from the 
relevant CSD regarding the contents of the Debt Register for purposes of carrying out their 
duties in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and if the relevant CSD permits, for

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
other purposes, and shall not disclose such information to the Issuer, any Noteholder or third 
party unless necessary for such purposes. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible 
for the content of such excerpt or in any other way be responsible for verifying who is a 
Noteholder. 
4.4 
The Issuer shall, if necessary for the Administrative Agent to be able to obtain information in 
accordance with Clause 4.3, issue a power of attorney for individuals employed by the 
Administrative Agent (as specified by the Administrative Agent) in order for these individuals 
to independently obtain information from the Debt Register. The Issuer may not revoke such 
power of attorney except if the Administrative Agent so instructs the Issuer, or gives its 
approval to the Issuer. 
4.5 
In order to comply with the conditions for a Medium Term Loan, the Issuer and the 
Administrative Agent, may, acting as a data controller, collect and process personal data. The 
processing is based on the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s legitimate interest to fulfil 
its respective obligations under the conditions. Unless otherwise required or permitted by 
law, the personal data will not be kept longer than necessary given the purpose of the 
processing. To the extent permitted under the conditions for a Medium Term Loan, personal 
data may be shared with third parties, such as the relevant CSD, which will process the 
personal data further as a separate data controller. Data subjects generally have right to 
know what personal data the Issuer and the Administrative Agent processes about them and 
may request the same in writing at the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s registered 
address. In addition, data subjects have the right to request that personal data is rectified 
and have the right to receive personal data provided by themselves in machine-readable 
format. Information about the Issuer’s and the Administrative Agent’s respective personal 
data processing can be found on their respective websites. 
5 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payment in respect of Medium Term Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK, 
payment in respect of Medium Term Notes denominated in NOK shall be made in NOK and 
payment in respect of Medium Term Notes denominated in EUR shall be made in EUR. 
5.2 
Repayment of principal and payment of interest shall be made to the person who is registered 
as a Noteholder on the Record Date for the respective payment date or to such person who 
is registered with the relevant CSD on the Record Date as being entitled to receive such 
payment. 
5.3 
The Issuer has appointed the IPA to facilitate payments of interest and repayment of principal 
amounts for VPS Notes. The Issuer undertakes to, for as long as any VPS Notes registered 
with VPS are outstanding, procure that payments of interest and repayment of principal 
amounts for such Medium Term Notes may be made by the IPA in accordance with the 
conditions for the VPS Note, the rules and regulations of VPS and relevant agreements 
between the Issuer and the IPA. 
5.4 
For as long as VPS Notes are outstanding with VPS, the IPA shall ensure that payments of 
interest and principal in relation to VPS Notes may be made by the IPA, these Terms and 
Conditions and the regulations applicable to the IPA from time to time in relation to record 
keeping, clearing and settlement. 
5.5 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal or interest shall 
be deposited into a certain bank account, such deposit shall be effected by the relevant CSD 
on the relevant payment date. In any other case, the relevant CSD shall transfer the amount 
on the respective payment date to the Noteholder to the address registered with the relevant 
CSD on the Record Date.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
5.6 
Should the relevant CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or due to any other obstacle 
(other than the obstacle set out in Clause 5.7), not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, 
the Issuer shall ensure that such payments are made to the persons who are registered as 
Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been 
removed. In the case of such postponement, interest shall accrue in accordance with 
Clause 8.1. 
5.7 
If the Issuer is unable to carry out its obligations to pay through the IPA or a CSD due to 
obstacles for the IPA or the relevant CSD, the Issuer shall have a right to postpone the 
obligation to pay until the obstacle has been removed. In the case of such postponement, 
interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8.2. 
5.8 
If payment is made in accordance with this Clause 5, the Issuer and the relevant CSD shall be 
deemed to have fulfilled their payment obligations, irrespective of whether such payment 
was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount. However, this shall not apply if 
the Issuer or the CSD were aware that payment was made to a person not entitled to receive 
the payment. 
5.9 
The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under Medium Term Notes by virtue of any 
withholding tax or otherwise imposed pursuant to any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, public levy or the similar. 
6 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest (if any) on a particular Medium Term Loan is calculated in accordance with the Final 
Terms. 
6.2 
The basis for interest calculation shall be stated in the Final Terms according to one of the 
following alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If a Medium Term Loan denominated in SEK or EUR is specified as a Medium Term 
Loan with Fixed Rate the Medium Term Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate 
from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and including the Maturity Date. 
If a Medium Term Loan denominated in NOK is specified as a Medium Term Loan with 
Fixed Rate the Medium Term Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate from and 
including the Loan Date up to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during each Interest Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and shall be calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Medium Term Loan denominated in SEK or EUR is specified as a Medium Term 
Loan with Floating Rate the Medium Term Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate 
from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and including the Maturity Date. The Interest 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Administrative Agent 
on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the 
Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of Clause 7 (Replacement 
of Base Rate).

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
If a Medium Term Loan denominated in NOK is specified as a Medium Term Loan with 
Floating Rate the Medium Term Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate from and 
including the Loan Date up to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Administrative Agent on the 
respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the 
Margin for the relevant period. 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to 
such obstacle as referred to in Clause 21.1, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
Medium Term Loan at the interest rate applicable to the preceding Interest Period. As 
soon as the obstacle has been removed, the Administrative Agent (for Euroclear 
Notes) and the IPA (for VPS Notes) shall calculate a new Interest Rate which shall be 
effective from the second Business Day following the day of the calculation until the 
expiration of the current Interest Period. 
Interest accrued during each Interest Period will be payable in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated using the Day Count Convention 
Actual/360, or by using such other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant 
Base Rate. 
(c) 
Zero coupon 
If the Medium Term Loan is specified as a zero coupon Medium Term Loan it bears no 
interest. Zero coupon Medium Term Loans may be issued at a discount and redeemed 
at an amount per Medium Term Note corresponding to the Nominal Amount or a 
proportion thereof. 
6.3 
In addition to what otherwise applies in accordance with this Clause 6, the following shall 
apply to a Sustainability Linked MTN: 
(a) 
For a Sustainability Linked MTN where Interest Rate Increase is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Interest Rate (for Loans with Fixed Rate) or the Margin (for 
Note Loans with Floating Rate (FRN)) specified in the Final Terms shall be increased by 
the applicable Interest Rate Increase specified in the Final Terms, from (and including) 
the Interest Period that begins immediately after the Reporting Date until (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date, as applicable, unless (i) the Sustainability Performance 
Target has been met as of the relevant Target Date, (ii) the External Reviewer has 
determined on or before the relevant Reporting Date that the Sustainability 
Performance Target has been met as of the relevant Target Date, and (iii) the 
determination made by the External Reviewer has been published in the Issuer’s 
sustainability report, annual report, other financial report or in any other way 
published by the Issuer no later than on the Reporting Date. 
(b) 
For a Sustainability Linked MTN where Interest Rate Decrease is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Interest Rate (for Loans with Fixed Rate) or the Margin (for 
Note Loans with Floating Rate (FRN)) specified in the Final Terms shall be decreased 
by the applicable Interest Rate Decrease specified in the Final Terms, from (and 
including) the Interest Period that begins immediately after the Reporting Date until 
(but excluding) the Interest Period that begins immediately after the next Reporting 
Date or until the Maturity Date, as applicable, if (i) the Sustainability Performance 
Target has been met as of the relevant Target Date, (ii) the External Reviewer has 
determined on or before the relevant Reporting Date that the Sustainability 
Performance Target has been met as of the relevant Target Date, and (iii) the 
determination made by the External Reviewer has been published in the Issuer’s

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
sustainability report, annual report, other financial report or in any other way 
published by the Issuer no later than on the Reporting Date. 
(c) 
For a Sustainability Linked MTN where Additional Repayment Amount is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the amount for which the Loan is to be repaid at the 
Maturity Date shall be increased with the Additional Repayment Amount stated in the 
Final Terms, unless (i) the Sustainability Performance Target has been met as of the 
relevant Target Date, (ii) the External Reviewer has determined on or before the 
relevant Reporting Date that the Sustainability Performance Target has been met as 
of the relevant Target Date and (iii) the determination made by the External Reviewer 
has been published in the Issuer’s sustainability, annual report, other financial report 
or in any other way published by the Issuer no later than on the Reporting Date. 
6.4 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (and instruct the Administrative 
Agent to notify the relevant CSD) and the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) 
if and when an Interest Rate Increase, Interest Rate Decrease or Additional Repayment 
Amount shall be applied. If the Interest Payment Date for a Medium Term Loan bearing a 
Fixed Interest Rate is not a Business Day, then interest will be paid on the next Business Day. 
Interest is calculated and accrued only up to and including the Interest Payment Date for 
Euroclear Notes and up to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date for VPS Notes. 
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Medium Term Loan bearing Floating Rate is not a Business 
Day, then the next Business Day shall be considered the Interest Payment Date provided that 
such Business Day does not occur in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the previous Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued up to 
and including the Interest Payment Date for Euroclear Notes and up to, but excluding, the 
Interest Payment Date for VPS Notes. 
7 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
7.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Clause 7.2 below has occurred, the Issuer shall, in 
consultation with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, 
determine a Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to 
determine upon necessary administrative, technical and operative amendments to the Loan 
Terms in order to apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger 
is not obligated to participate in such consultation or determination as described above. 
Should the Arranger not participate in such consultation or determination, the Issuer shall, at 
the Issuer’s expense, as soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the 
procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine upon the mentioned. Provided that 
the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other amendments have been finally 
decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in relation to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with effect from and including the 
commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always subject to any technical 
limitations of the relevant CSD and any calculations methods applicable to such Successor 
Base Rate. 
7.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (”Base Rate 
Event”) which means: 
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist 
or ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be 
calculated or administered;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator 
ceases to provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan) permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or 
publication, no successor administrator has been appointed or is expected to be 
appointed to continue to provide the Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan) is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base 
Rate is intended to represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be 
restored in the opinion of the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Issuer, or the 
Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
or it has otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant 
Interest Period of the relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy 
trustee of the Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and 
resolution framework (Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR, from 
the equivalent entity with insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate 
Administrator, or in respect of NIBOR, from the equivalent entity with insolvency or 
resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator, containing the information 
referred to in (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event 
as set out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
7.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Issuer may (but are not obligated to), if it is 
possible at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, in consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an 
Independent Adviser, initiate the procedure as described in Clause 7.1 above to finally decide 
the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to change 
to the Successor Base Rate at an earlier time. 
7.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event definition 
has occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided 
at the latest prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate 
and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided but due to technical limitations of the 
relevant CSD, cannot be applied in relation to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this clause are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided 
that all relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
adjustments described in this Clause 7 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such 
subsequent Interest Determination Date, but without success.  
7.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming 
effective, the Issuer shall promptly, following the final decision by the Issuer in consultation 
with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and any other amendments, give notice thereof to the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent 
and the relevant CSD in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices). The notice shall also include 
information about the effective date of the amendments. If the Medium Term Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer shall also give notice of the 
amendments to the relevant Regulated Market.  
7.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent that carries out 
measures in accordance with this Clause 7 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or 
loss caused by any determination, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the 
determination and final decision of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any 
amendments thereto to the Loan Terms, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or 
wilful misconduct. The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent shall 
never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
7.7 
In this Clause 7 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread 
to be applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(a) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the 
replacement of the Base Rate; or 
(b) 
if (a) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Issuer in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to 
eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to 
another as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in 
comparable debt capital market transactions. 
“Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in 
relation to STIBOR, European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR and 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) in relation to NIBOR or any person replacing it as 
administrator of the Base Rate. 
”Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as 
set out in paragraph 7.2 (b) to 7.2 (e) that any event or circumstance specified therein will 
occur. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute in 
the debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant 
supervisory authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or 
committee of any of them, or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Sw. Finansiella 
stabilitetsrådet) or any part thereof. 
“Successor Base Rate” means:  
(a) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure 
and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
terms as Medium Term Notes, which is formally recommended as a successor to or 
replacement of the Base Rate by a Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the Issuer in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is most 
comparable to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this 
definition shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
8 
PENALTY INTEREST 
8.1 
In the event of any delay in payment relating to principal and/or interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, as applicable, the Additional Repayment Amount or the amount that 
follows from an application of an Interest Rate Increase), penalty interest shall be payable on 
the overdue amount from its due date up to and including the date on which payment is 
made at a rate corresponding to the average of one week STIBOR for Medium Term Notes 
denominated in SEK, one week EURIBOR for Medium Term Notes denominated in EUR and 
one week NIBOR for Medium Term Notes denominated in NOK for the duration of the delay, 
plus two (2) percentage points in each case. STIBOR, EURIBOR and NIBOR shall for this 
purpose be determined on the first Business Day in each calendar week for the duration of 
the period of default. Penalty interest, in accordance with this Clause 8.1,for interest-bearing 
Medium Term Loans shall never be paid at a lower interest rate than the interest rate 
applicable to the relevant Medium Term Loan on its relevant due date with the addition of 
two (2) percentage points. Penalty interest shall not be capitalised. 
8.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Clause 21.1 on the part of the Issuing 
Dealer, the IPA or any relevant CSD, no penalty interest shall apply, in which case the interest 
rate which applied to the relevant Medium Term Loan on the relevant due date shall apply 
instead. 
9 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE 
9.1 
The Medium Term Loan shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the amount per Medium 
Term Note stated in the Final Terms together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any), 
subject to, an application of Additional Repayment Amount, Interest Rate Increase or Interest 
Rate Decrease (if and as applicable). If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, redemption 
shall occur on first following Business Day. 
9.2 
Subject to applicable law, the Final Terms may contain provisions which gives the Issuer a 
right or obligation to redeem all or part of Medium Term Loans together with accrued but 
unpaid interest (if any) prior to the Maturity Date. 
9.3 
The Issuer may repurchase Medium Term Notes at any time and at any price in the open 
market or otherwise provided that this is compatible with applicable law.  
9.4 
Medium Term Notes owned by the Issuer may be retained, resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s 
discretion. 
10 
EARLY REDEMPTION AS A RESULT OF CHANGE OF CONTROL OF THE ISSUER (PUT OPTION) 
10.1 
Each Noteholder has the right to request that its Note under a Note Loan be redeemed prior 
to its stated Maturity Date upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event (as defined in 
Clause 10.6).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
10.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, the right to redemption in accordance with Clause 10.1 in relation 
to a Rating Downgrade of a particular issue of Notes shall only apply to holders of such Notes.  
10.3 
The Issuer shall, without undue delay, notify the Noteholders and each Dealer upon becoming 
aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices). 
Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be 
conditional upon the occurrence thereof, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for 
such Change of Control Event. The notice shall contain information on (i) how a Noteholder 
that wishes to exercise its right of redemption pursuant to this Clause 10 shall proceed; and 
(ii) the Redemption Date. Within ten Business Days after having received such notice, a 
Noteholder that wishes to redeem its Notes shall give notice to the Issuer. Should any Dealer 
not receive such information, it is entitled to assume that no Change of Control Event exists 
or can be expected to occur, provided that such Dealer does not have actual knowledge of 
such Change of Control Event. 
10.4 
The Redemption Date shall fall no earlier than 30 Business Days and no later than 40 Business 
Days after notice of the Change of Control Event has been submitted to the Noteholders and 
each Dealer in accordance with Clause 10.2, however, if the Redemption Date is not a 
Business Day the Redemption Date shall be the following Business Day. 
10.5 
If there is a right of redemption and a Noteholder wishes to redeem its Notes, the Issuer shall 
redeem the relevant Notes on the Redemption Date at the price per Note equal to the 
Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any). For a Note which is a 
zero coupon Medium Term Loan the amount per Note shall be calculated in accordance with 
paragraph (b) of Clause 14.5. 
10.6 
In this Clause 10 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
“Change of Control” means: an event or series of events (other than an IPO Event) resulting 
in a natural or legal person, other than EQT VII, alone or together with a person (or several 
persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related; (ii) are, in respect of legal 
entities, members of the same group; or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert for 
the purposes of and prior to the acquisition of, or the establishment of control over, shares 
in the Issuer): 
(a) 
control more than 50 per cent of the total outstanding shares or votes in the Issuer; 
or  
(b) 
through agreement, or in any other way, alone (or together with such closely 
associated person as stated above) have the power to appoint a majority of the 
members of the board of directors of the Issuer, 
except where the Noteholders have approved such event or series of events in accordance 
with Clause 16.11. 
“Change of Control Event” means that either: 
(a) 
a Change of Control occurs and, if at the start of the Change of Control Period a 
particular issue of Notes or the Issuer are rated by any Rating Agency, (i) a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs and (ii) following such Rating 
Downgrade neither that particular issue of Notes nor the Issuer carry a public 
Investment Grade Rating from any other Rating Agency; or  
(b) 
a Change of Control occurs and (i) on the occurrence of the Change of Control, neither 
the Notes nor the Issuer are rated by any Rating Agency and (ii) neither the Notes nor

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
the Issuer are within the Change of Control Period assigned a public Investment Grade 
Rating by a Rating Agency. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period: 
(a) 
commencing on the date that is the earlier of (i) the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (ii) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) provided that such 
Potential Change of Control Announcement is followed within 180 days by a Change 
of Control; and 
(b) 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period during which the 
Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly 
within the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as 
the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after 
the public announcement of such consideration); 
“Investment Grade Rating” means, in relation to Moody’s, a rating of Baa3 or better, or in 
relation to S&P, a rating of BBB- or better (provided that, if the rating designations 
employed by a Rating Agency are changed from those referred to above, the Issuer shall 
determine the rating designations of such Rating Agency as are most equivalent to the prior 
rating designations of such Rating Agency and this Clause 10 shall be read accordingly) and, 
in the case of any other Rating Agency, a comparable rating from that Rating Agency;  
“Non-Investment Grade Rating” means, in relation to S&P, a rating of BB+ or below, or in 
relation to Moody’s, a rating of Ba1 or below (provided that, if the rating designations 
employed by a Rating Agency are changed from those referred to above, the Issuer shall 
determine the rating designations of such Rating Agency as are most equivalent to the prior 
rating designations of such Rating Agency and this Clause 10 shall be read accordingly) and, 
in the case of any other Rating Agency, a comparable rating from that Rating Agency; 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto 
relating to any specific potential Change of Control; 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (i) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P); 
(ii) Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's); or (iii) any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, and, in each 
case, their respective successors or affiliates; and 
“Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
Event if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to a particular 
issue of Notes or the Issuer by any Rating Agency is either: 
(a) 
withdrawn and not reinstated during the Change of Control Period to an Investment 
Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; 
(b) 
changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a Non-Investment Grade Rating by any 
Rating Agency and is not raised again to an Investment Grade Rating within the 
Change of Control Period; or 
(c) 
if such rating previously assigned to the Notes or the Issuer by any Rating Agency was 
below an Investment Grade Rating at the start of the Change of Control Period, 
lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their 
respective equivalents) and is not raised again to its earlier credit rating or better by

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
such Rating Agency within the Change of Control Period; provided that a Rating 
Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in or withdrawal of a 
rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of 
Control if the Rating Agency making the change in or withdrawal of a rating does not 
confirm in writing to the Issuer or publicly announce or publicly confirm that the 
reduction or withdrawal was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or 
circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement.  
11 
EARLY REDEMPTION OF SUBORDINATED LOANS 
The Issuer has the right to redeem Subordinated Notes under Subordinated Loans (at the 
amount per Subordinated Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but 
unpaid interest (if any)): 
(a) 
on a date (or dates) prior to its stated Maturity Date as set out in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Capital Disqualification Event or a Tax Event occurs,  
provided that (i) the Issuer notifies the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) 
no later than ten Business Days prior to the Redemption Date and (ii) the Swedish FSA has 
given its consent thereto. 
12 
INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS 
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press 
release and publication on the website of the Issuer: 
(a) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within six months after the 
end of each Financial Year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that 
Financial Year; 
(b) 
the Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for all outstanding Medium Term Loans 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market;  
(c) 
as soon as practicable upon becoming aware of an acquisition or disposal of any 
Medium Term Loan by a Group Company, information regarding the aggregate 
Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, and the amount of any Medium Term 
Loan cancelled by the Issuer;  
(d) 
the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and any second opinion relating to 
Sustainability Linked MTN shall be available on the website of the Issuer following an 
issue of Sustainability Linked MTN and for as long as any Sustainability Linked MTN 
are outstanding; and 
(e) 
any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag 
(2007:582) om värdepappersmarknaden) or the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 
(No. lov av 29. juni 2007 nr. 75 om verdipapirhandel), as applicable, and in any event 
the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which any Medium Term Notes 
are admitted to trading.  
13 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Medium Term Loan is outstanding, to comply with the 
undertakings set out in this Clause 13.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
13.1 
Status of Note Loans  
The Issuer shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Note Loans rank at least pari 
passu with its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, except for those 
obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. 
13.2 
Change of business 
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the 
business of the Group taken as a whole if such change would adversely affect the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its payment obligations to the Noteholders. 
13.3 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
The Issuer undertakes to apply for admission to trading on the relevant Regulated Market 
for Medium Term Loans, which according to the Final Terms shall be admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market and to take any measures that may be required to maintain the 
admission as long as the relevant Medium Term Loan is outstanding, however, no longer 
than what is possible pursuant to applicable laws and regulations. 
13.4 
Compliance with laws 
The Issuer undertakes to comply in all material respect with all laws and regulations to 
which it is subject. 
13.5 
Licence 
The Issuer undertakes to maintain a licence to conduct banking and/or financing business 
(Sw. tillstånd att bedriva bankrörelse och/eller finansieringsrörelse) as required pursuant to 
the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank och 
finansieringsrörelse) or any corresponding licence required pursuant to any legislation 
replacing the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act. 
14 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT IN RELATION TO NOTE LOANS 
14.1 
The Administrative Agent shall (i) following a written demand from a Noteholder (or 
Noteholders) representing at least one-tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount of the relevant 
Note Loan (such a request can only be made by Noteholders registered in the relevant CSD 
account on the Business Day occurring immediately after the date that the request was 
received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders, be made 
jointly), or (ii) following a resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting by Noteholders of the relevant 
Note Loan, on behalf of the Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare the whole of the 
relevant Note Loan (but not in part) together with interest (if any) due for payment 
immediately or at the date determined by the Administrative Agent or Noteholders’ Meeting 
(if applicable), if: 
(a) 
the Issuer does not in due time pay principal or interest attributable to the Note Loan, 
unless the non-payment: 
(i) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within five Business Days;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(b) 
the Issuer does not fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Loan Terms relating to 
the relevant Note Loan, other than those stated above in (a), provided that: 
(i) 
remedy is possible; and 
(ii) 
the non-compliance is remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of (A) 
the Administrative Agent giving notice thereof to the Issuer and (B) the Issuer 
becoming aware of the non-compliance. 
For the avoidance of doubt, should the Issuer not meet a Sustainability Performance 
Target or an External Reviewer has failed to determine that the Sustainability 
Performance Target has been achieved this should not constitute a failure to fulfil its 
obligations and no Note Loan may be declared due for payment solely for such reason; 
(c) 
any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Group Company is not paid when 
due nor within any applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes 
due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default 
(however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this 
paragraph (c) if the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is 
less than SEK 50,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies);  
(d) 
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset with a value exceeding SEK 50,000,000 of a Group 
Company and is not discharged within 30 Business Days;  
(e) 
a Material Group Company suspends its payments;  
(f) 
a Material Group Company applies for, or approves an application for, company 
reconstruction (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or similar proceedings;  
(g) 
a Material Group Company enters into bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs); 
(h) 
a decision is made that the Issuer shall go into liquidation (Sw. likvidation) or that a 
Material 
Group 
Company 
shall 
be 
placed 
in 
compulsory 
liquidation 
(Sw. tvångslikvidation), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this 
paragraph (h) if a Material Group Company is liquidated following the Material Group 
Company has repaid or otherwise redeemed in full (excluding after the occurrence of 
an event of default) all the notes issued by the Material Group Company to finance its 
purchase of mortgage loans originated by other Group Companies; or 
(i) 
the Issuer carries out a merger, other than a merger where the Issuer is the surviving 
entity. 
14.2 
The Administrative Agent may not declare the relevant Note Loan together with interest (if 
any) due for payment in accordance with Clause 14.1 by a reference to circumstances 
constituting an Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if a Noteholders’ Meeting has 
resolved to waive such circumstances. 
14.3 
The Issuer shall, without undue delay, notify the Noteholders and each Dealer upon becoming 
aware of the occurrence of an Event of Default listed in Clause 14.1 in accordance with 
Clause 20 (Notices). Should any Dealer not receive such information, it is entitled to assume 
that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that such 
Dealer does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. The Administrative 
Agent and the Dealers are not obliged to monitor whether an Event of Default pursuant to 
Clause 14.1 is outstanding.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
14.4 
The Issuer shall, at the times considered necessary by the Administrative Agent, provide the 
Administrative Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances set out in Clause 14.1. 
The Issuer shall further provide the Administrative Agent with any information that the 
Administrative Agent may request regarding the circumstances in Clause 14.1 and, on the 
request of the Administrative Agent, provide the Administrative Agent with documentation 
which may be of importance is this respect. 
14.5 
In case of a redemption of Note Loans following acceleration in accordance with Clause 14.1: 
(a) 
interest-bearing Note Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per Note that would 
have been redeemed on the Maturity Date together with accrued but unpaid interest 
until and including the date of redemption; and 
(b) 
non-interest-bearing Note Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per Note 
determined by the following formula per the date of acceleration of the Note Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r) t 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Administrative Agent for Swedish Government Bonds with 
an outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the remaining term of the relevant 
Note Loan. In the absence of such ask rate, the bid rate shall instead be used, as 
reduced by a market bid/ask spread, expressed in percentage points. The calculation 
shall be based on the closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Note Loan, expressed in the Day Count 
Convention actual/360 for Notes denominated in SEK, EUR or NOK. 
15 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT IN RELATION TO SUBORDINATED LOANS 
15.1 
The Administrative Agent shall (i) following a written demand from a Noteholder (or 
Noteholders) representing at least one-tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount of the relevant 
Subordinated Loan (such a request can only be made by Noteholders registered in the 
relevant CSD account on the Business Day occurring immediately after the date that the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders, 
be made jointly), or (ii) following a resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting by Noteholders of 
the relevant Subordinated Loan, on behalf of the Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare 
the whole of the relevant Subordinated Loan (but not in part) together with interest (if any) 
due for payment immediately or at the date determined by the Administrative Agent or 
Noteholders’ Meeting (if applicable), if: 
(a) 
the Issuer enters into (Sw. konkurs); or 
(b) 
a decision is made that the Issuer shall go into liquidation (Sw. likvidation). 
15.2 
The Administrative Agent may not declare the relevant Subordinated Loan together with 
interest (if any) due for payment in accordance with Clause 15.1 by a reference to 
circumstances constituting an Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if a Noteholders’ 
Meeting has resolved to waive such circumstances. 
15.3 
The Issuer shall, without undue delay, notify the Noteholders and each Dealer upon becoming 
aware of the occurrence of an Event of Default listed in Clause 15.1 in accordance with 
Clause 20 (Notices). Should any Dealer not receive such information, it is entitled to assume 
that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that such 
Dealer does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. The Administrative

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Agent and the Dealers are not obliged to monitor whether an Event of Default pursuant to 
Clause 15.1 is outstanding. 
16 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
16.1 
The Administrative Agent is entitled to, and shall at the request of the Issuer, any other 
Issuing Dealer or Noteholders who at the time of the request represent at least one-tenth of 
the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Medium Term Loan (such request may only be 
made by Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register on the next Business Day after 
the day the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by several 
Noteholders who alone represents less than ten per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount, be 
done together), convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the relevant 
Medium Term Loan. 
16.2 
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notice in 
accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) to each Noteholder and the Issuer, within five Business 
Days from the date when a complete request was received in accordance with Clause 16.1 
(or such later date as necessary for technical or administrative reasons). The Administrative 
Agent shall also, without delay, inform each Issuing Dealer and the IPA in writing about such 
notice. 
16.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the 
proposed resolution must be approved by a person, in addition to the Noteholders, and this 
person has notified the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given; or (ii) the 
proposed resolution is not compatible with applicable law. 
16.4 
The notice sent by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Clause 16.2, shall contain (i) 
the time and place of the meeting; (ii) an agenda listing the matters to be addressed at the 
meeting (including a detailed summary of each proposed decision); (iii) the day on which a 
person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders’ rights at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting (the “Voting Record Date”) and (iv) a proxy form. A decision may not be made at 
the meeting in respect of any matter that is not listed in the notice. The notice shall, if 
Noteholders are required to announce their intention to participate in the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, contain information of such requirement. 
16.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall not be held earlier than 15 Business Days and no later than 
30 Business Days after the notice. Noteholders’ Meetings for several Medium Term Loans 
under the MTN-Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
16.6 
The Administrative Agent may, without deviating from the provisions in these Terms and 
Conditions and as it deems appropriate, stipulate further provisions regarding the convening 
and holding of the Noteholders’ Meeting. Such provisions may include provisions enabling 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.  
16.7 
Only a person who is, or has been issued a power of attorney in accordance with Clause 17 
(Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder) by someone who is a Noteholder on the Record Date 
for the Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting, 
provided that the relevant Medium Term Note is covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The 
Administrative Agent has the right to attend, and shall make sure that an extract from the 
Debt Register at the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting is available at, the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. 
16.8 
The Noteholders may not resolve to make amendments to the Loan Terms if the Issuer 
considers that, after consultation with the Swedish FSA, a change in the Loan Terms would 
be likely to result in the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes from the Tier 2 Instruments of

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
the Issuer (an “Tier 2 Exclusion Event”). A resolution by the Noteholders to amend the Loan 
Terms is not valid if the Issuer considers that, after consultation with the Swedish FSA, such 
amendment would be likely to result in a Tier 2 Exclusion Event. 
16.9 
The Noteholders and the Administrative Agent, and their respective counsel or 
representatives, are entitled to attend a Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting 
may resolve that other persons may attend. Representatives shall submit a power of attorney 
to be approved by the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting shall 
commence with the appointment of a chairman, recording clerk and attestor(s). The 
chairman shall prepare a list of Noteholders that are present with the right to vote at the 
meeting, with information on the proportion of the Adjusted Loan amount that is held by 
each respective Noteholder (the “Voting Register”). The Voting Register shall thereafter be 
approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting. When applying these provisions Noteholders who 
have cast their vote via electronic voting, ballot paper or equivalent shall be deemed present 
at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who, on the Voting Record Date of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, were Noteholders, or representatives for such Noteholders, and who are covered 
by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and shall be included in the Voting 
Register. The Issuer shall be granted access to relevant voting calculations and the basis for 
these. The minutes shall be completed as soon as possible and be made available to 
Noteholders, the Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
16.10 
Decisions on the following matters require the consent of the Swedish FSA (if required by law 
or applicable regulations) and the approval of Noteholders representing at least 90 per cent 
of the part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders vote under the relevant 
Medium Term Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
changing of the Maturity Date, reduction of the Nominal Amount, changing of terms 
relating to interest or the amount that is to be repaid (other than in accordance with 
the Loan Terms, including what follows from the application of Clause 6.3 and  7 
(Replacement of Base Rate)) and changing of the relevant Currency for the Medium 
Term Loan; 
(b) 
amending the provisions for the Noteholders’ Meeting in this Clause 16;  
(c) 
mandatory exchange of Medium Term Notes into another security; and 
(d) 
substitution of debtor. 
16.11 
Matters which are not covered by Clause 16.10 requires the approval of Noteholders 
representing more than 50 per cent of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which 
Noteholders vote under the relevant Medium Term Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This 
includes, but is not limited to, amendments and waivers of rights with relation to the Loan 
Terms which do not require a greater majority (other than changes in accordance with 
Clause 18 (Amendment of Loan Terms, Framework Amount etc.) and acceleration of Medium 
Term Loans.  
16.12 
Quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting requires the presence of Noteholders, in person or via 
telephone (or by a representative with a power of attorney), representing at least 50 per cent 
of the Adjusted Loan Amount for matters listed in Clause 16.10 and for any other matter 20 
per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount. 
16.13 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the 
Administrative Agent shall convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with 
Clause 16.2) provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the initiator of

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
the Noteholders’ Meeting. The quorum requirement in Clause 16.12 is not applicable for such 
new Noteholders’ Meeting.  
If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum requirement for certain, but not all, matters 
which are to be resolved on in the meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters for 
which a quorum is present and any other matter is to be referred to a new Noteholders’ 
Meeting.  
16.14 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which extends new obligations to or limits the rights of 
the Issuer, the Administrative Agent, the Dealers or the Issuing Dealer under the Terms and 
Conditions requires the approval of the relevant party. 
16.15 
A Noteholder which holds more than one Medium Term Note does not need to vote for all, 
or vote in the same way for all Medium Term Notes held. 
16.16 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any 
compensation to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms unless such 
compensation is offered to all Noteholders at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
16.17 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under the 
relevant Medium Term Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Noteholders that did not vote in favour of a decision shall not be held liable for any damage 
that the decision may cause another Noteholder. 
16.18 
The Issuer shall reimburse the Administrative Agent for costs incurred by it in connection with 
the Noteholders’ Meeting including reasonable compensation for the Administrative Agent.  
16.19 
The Issuer shall, without delay, at the request of the Administrative Agent, provide the 
Administrative Agent with a certificate which states the Nominal Amount for each Medium 
Term Note which is owned by Group Companies on the relevant Voting Record Date before 
a Noteholders’ Meeting, regardless if such Group Company is directly registered as owner of 
such Medium Term Notes. The Administrative Agent shall not be held responsible for the 
contents of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining if a Medium Term 
Note is owned by a Group Company. 
16.20 
Noteholders under the relevant Medium Term Loan shall, without delay, be notified of 
decisions made at a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices). The 
Administrative Agent shall, on the request of a Noteholders or a Dealer, provide them with 
the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. Failure to notify the Noteholders as 
stated above in this Clause 16.20 does not affect the validity of the decision. 
17 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
17.1 
If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the 
Loan Terms or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting, that person must present the Administrative 
Agent with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a 
successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the 
Noteholder. 
17.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in 
relation to some, or all, of the Medium Term Notes held by the Noteholder. Any such 
representative may act independently and may further delegate its right to represent the 
Noteholder.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
18 
AMENDMENT OF LOAN TERMS, FRAMEWORK AMOUNT ETC.  
18.1 
The Issuer and the Issuing Dealer(s) are entitled to agree upon: 
(a) 
adjustment of clear and obvious errors in the Loan Terms; and 
(b) 
changes and amendments to the Loan Terms as required by law, court order or official 
decision. 
18.2 
The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease the Framework Amount. 
18.3 
The Issuer and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Noteholders, agree on and execute amendments to the Loan Terms in accordance with what 
is described in Clause 7 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such amendments will be binding on 
those covered by the Loan Terms.  
18.4 
Appointment of a new Dealer may be made through an agreement between the Issuer, the 
relevant dealer and the Dealers. A Dealer may retire as a Dealer, however, the Administrative 
Agent under a particular Medium Term Loan may only retire as such if a new Administrative 
Agent is simultaneously appointed in its place. 
18.5 
The Issuer may, if resolved upon at a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Clause 16 
(Noteholders’ Meeting), make amendments to the Loan Terms in instances other than those 
set out in Clause 18.1 to Clause 18.3. 
18.6 
A decision made on a Noteholders’ Meeting to amend or waive any Loan Term may include 
only the substance of the amendment and need not contain the specific form of the 
amendment. 
18.7 
A decision regarding an amendment to the Loan Terms shall also contain a decision regarding 
when the amendment shall enter into force and if relevant, any conditions for the 
amendment to enter into force. No decision shall enter into force before it has been duly 
registered with the CSD and published on the Issuer’s website.  
18.8 
Information regarding a decision to amend or waive any terms and conditions of a Medium 
Term Loan in accordance with this Clause 18, shall be submitted to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause 20 (Notices). The decision shall also be published on the Issuer’s 
website. 
19 
TIME BARRING OF CLAIMS 
19.1 
The right to receive repayment of principal shall be subject to time bar and become void ten 
years from the Maturity Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be subject to 
time bar and become void three years from the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer is 
entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of claims which have become void due 
to time bar. 
19.2 
If a period of limitation is duly interrupted (Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) in accordance with the 
Limitations Act, a new limitation period of ten years with respect to the right to receive 
repayment of the principal, and of three years with respect to the right to receive payment 
of interest will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the 
limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Limitations 
Act.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
20 
NOTICES 
20.1 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Loan Terms: 
(a) 
if to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Dealer or the Dealers (except for Nordea 
Bank Abp) shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent 
by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the recipient to the Issuer from 
time to time; 
(b) 
if to Nordea Bank Abp, notice shall be given to the address registered in the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office for Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige, to the attention of 
Debt Capital Markets, on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the 
Issuer, to the email address notified by the recipient to the Issuer from time to time; 
(c) 
if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the 
Administrative Agent, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Administrative 
Agent from time to time; and  
(d) 
if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the relevant 
CSD, on the Record Date prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery (if practicably 
possible) or letter for all Noteholders. A notice to the Noteholders shall also be 
published on the website of the Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
20.2 
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection 
with the Loan Terms shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between 
the Issuer and the Administrative Agent, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier 
or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 20.1 in case of 
letter, three Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed 
to the address specified in Clause 20.1 or, in case of email, when received in readable form 
by the email recipient. Any notice sent to the Noteholders shall also be disclosed by way of a 
press release and made available on the Issuer´s website. 
20.3 
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not 
affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.  
21 
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
21.1 
With regards to the obligations imposed on the Dealers and the IPA, respectively, the Dealers 
and the IPA, as applicable, shall not be held liable for any losses arising out of any Swedish or 
foreign legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a Swedish or foreign public authority, 
or war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or any other similar circumstance. The reservation 
in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and lockouts applies even if the party concerned 
itself takes such measures or is subject to such measures.  
21.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by a Dealer or the IPA if the relevant 
entity has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid for indirect losses.  
21.3 
Should a Dealer or the IPA not be able to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions due to any circumstance set out in Clause 21.1, such action may be postponed 
until the obstacle has been removed. 
21.4 
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act or the Norwegian CSD Act, as applicable.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
22 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
22.1 
The Loan Terms, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden, save for the 
registration of VPS Notes in VPS which will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law. 
22.2 
Disputes shall be settled in the courts of Sweden. The Stockholm District Court 
(Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be court of first instance. 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above Terms and Conditions are binding on us. 
Stockholm, 13 September 2022 
BLUESTEP BANK AB (publ)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[Note Loan]/[Subordinated Loan] no [●] 
under the MTN-Programme of 
Bluestep Bank AB (publ) (LEI 5493004FETDD2Z2FY510) (the “Issuer”) 
The Terms and Conditions dated [[●]]/[13 September 2022] of the aforementioned MTN-Programme shall 
apply to this [Note Loan]/[Subordinated Loan], along with the Final Terms set out below.  
The Terms and Conditions for the MTN-Programme are set out in the Issuer’s base prospectus dated 1 
March 2024 together with any supplementary prospectus published from time to time (the “Base 
Prospectus”). Capitalised terms used below shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions, or as otherwise set out in the Base Prospectus. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (along with 
relevant implementing measures under this Regulation in each Member State and in its current wording, 
referred to as the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus (and any 
supplements thereto) and any documents incorporated therein by reference are made available at the 
Issuer’s website www.bluestepbank.com. 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [●] whereby the Loan Amount is increased from [●] 
[SEK/EUR/NOK] to [●] [SEK/EUR/NOK]]. 
 
GENERAL 
1.  
Loan number: 
[●][●] 
 
(i)  
Tranche name  
[●] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
for the Note 
Loan]/[Subordinated Loan]: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
for tranche [●]: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) previous tranche(s):] 
[●] 
3. 
Price per Medium Term Note: 
 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from and including [date] if applicable] 
4. 
Currency: 
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] 
5. 
Nominal Amount per Medium 
Term Note: 
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] [●] (Minimum [EUR [●]]/[NOK [●]] 
corresponding value in SEK.) 
6. 
Loan Date: 
[●] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
other than Loan Date): 
[●] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9. 
Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate (FRN)]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
[Zero coupon] 
10. 
Amount as basis for calculation of 
interest:  
[Nominal Amount]/[●] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
11. 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this heading)  
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[●] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal 
Amount]/[●]. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period: 
[SEK/EUR: Period from [●] to and including the [●] 
(the First Interest Period) and thereafter each period 
of about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date] 
[NOK: Period from and including [●] to the [●] (the 
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually]/[Semi-Annually]/[Quarterly] the [●], the 
first time the [●] and last time the [●] 
(The above is adjusted in the event of a shortened or 
extended Interest Period) 
12. 
Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
(i) 
Base Rate: 
[●] months [STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR] 
[The Interest Basis for the first coupon will be a linear 
interpolation between [●] months 
[STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR] and [●] months 
[STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR].] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[+]/[-][●] % annual interest calculated on the [Nominal 
Amount]/[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Business Days prior to each Interest Period, first 
time [●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period: 
[SEK/EUR: Period from [●] to and including the [●] 
(the First Interest Period) and thereafter each period 
of about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.]  
[NOK: Period from and including [●] to the [●] (the 
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The last day of each Interest Period, [[●], [●], [●] and 
[●],] the first time on [●] and last time on [●] 
13.  
Zero coupon [Note 
Loan]/[Subordinated Loan]: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading)

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(i) 
Terms for [Note 
Loans]/[Subordinated Loans] 
without interest: 
[●] 
REPAYMENT 
14. 
Amount with 
[Note]/[Subordinated Note] is to 
be repaid at the Maturity date: 
[●] % of [Nominal Amount]/[●] 
15.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16. 
Note Loan with voluntary early 
redemption for the Issuer prior to 
the Maturity Date (Call Option): 
(i) Terms for early redemption:   
 
(ii) Amount with Note Loan is to be 
repaid: 
 
 
[(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) minimum Redemption Amount: 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
] 
 
 
Subordinated Note with voluntary 
early repayment options for the 
Issuer prior to the Maturity Date: 
 
 
The Issuer has the right to redeem (Call) on the 
following dates; [●] [and thereafter each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
[●] % of [Nominal Amount]/[●]  
(In relation to Sustainability-Linked MTN and if 
Additional Repayment Amount is applicable, this 
should be reflected in the amount to be repaid in 
relation to each issue) 
 
 
[●] 
[●] ] 
 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
(i) 
Terms for early redemption: 
[The Issuer has the right to redeem (Call) on the 
following dates; [●] [and thereafter each Interest 
Payment Date] provided that the conditions set out in 
paragraph (a) of Clause 11 are fulfilled. 
The Issuer further has the right to redeem (Call) 
provided that the conditions set out in paragraph (b) 
of Clause 11 are fulfilled.] 
OTHER 
17. 
Sustainability Linked MTN: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework dated [●] are 
applicable to this Note Loan. 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate Decrease: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] % annual interest reduction (to be reduced from 
the [[Interest Rate] (if Fixed Rate)/[ Margin] (if 
Floating Rate (FRN))]/[●].

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Rate Increase: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] % annual interest increase (in addition to 
[[Interest Rate] (if Fixed Rate)/[Margin] (if Floating 
Rate (FRN))]/[●]. 
 
(iii) 
Additional Repayment 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target: 
[●][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [●]]. 
(Sustainability Performance Targets are what is 
referred to as “SPT” in the [●] as recalculated from 
time to time in accordance with the Sustainability-
Linked Bond Framework). 
 
(v) 
Key Performance Indicators: 
[●][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [●]]. 
(Key Performance Indicators are what is referred to as 
“KPI” in the [●]as recalculated from time to time in 
accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework). 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Method: 
[●][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [●]]. 
(Calculation Methods are what is described as 
“Calculation Methodologies” in the [●]). 
 
(vii) 
Target Date(s): 
[●][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [●]]. 
(Target Date is the date to which SPT must be 
achieved according to the [●]). 
 
(viii) Reporting Date: 
[Reporting Date is the date that occurs 90 days after 
the Target Date(s)/Specify another date]. 
 
(ix) 
External Reviewer: 
[Specify] 
 
(x) 
Risk factor(s): 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
"Risks associated with Sustainability Linked MTN” 
[and [other relevant risk factors (if any)]] in the Base 
Prospectus. 
18. 
Admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
(i) 
Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm]/[Oslo Børs]/[Specify other 
relevant Regulated Market] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses in 
connection with admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Total number of Medium 
Term Notes admitted to 
trading: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Earliest date of admission to 
trading: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
19. 
CSD 
[Euroclear Sweden]/[VPS] 
20. 
Interests: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]  
(Natural persons involved in the Issue and which may 
be relevant to individual Medium Term Loans, shall be 
described) 
21.  
Following specific risk factors 
described in the Base Prospectus 
apply: 
[Medium 
Term 
Notes 
with 
fixed 
interest 
rate]/[Medium Term Notes with floating interest 
rate]/[Medium Term Notes without interest] 
(Specify relevant interest rate risk for the applicable 
interest rate pursuant to above) 
[Specific risks related to the Subordinated Notes]  
[The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes on 
the occurrence of a Capital Event or Tax Event] 
[Market and tenor risks] 
22. 
Credit rating for [Note 
Loan/[Subordinated Loan]: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Resolution as basis for the Issue:  
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Third party information: 
[Information in these Final Terms that comes from a 
third party has been accurately reproduced and so far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from a 
comparison with other information that has been 
published by the relevant third party, no facts have 
been omitted in a way that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading/Not 
Applicable] 
25. 
Issuing Dealer: 
 
 
(i) 
for tranche [●]: 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, 
Sverige Filial]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[●] 
 
[(ii) 
previous tranche(s):] 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, 
Sverige Filial]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[●] 
26. 
Administrative Agent: 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, 
Sverige Filial]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[●] 
27. 
ISIN: 
SE[●] 
28. 
Use of proceeds: 
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business activities] [Specify details] 
29. 
The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[EUR/SEK/NOK] [●] less customary transaction costs 
and fees.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
The Issuer confirms that the above supplementary terms and conditions are applicable to the [Note 
Loan/Subordinated Loan] together with the Terms and Conditions and undertakes accordingly to pay 
principal and (where appropriate) interest. The Issuer also confirms that it has disclosed all material events 
after the date of this MTN-Programme regarding the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s 
perception of the Issuer. 
 
Stockholm [Date] 
BLUESTEP BANK AB (publ) 
 
_______________________

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BLUESTEP 
 
General corporate information 
The Company, Bluestep Bank AB (publ), incorporated under the laws of Sweden with registration number 
556717-5129 and Legal Entity Identifier 5493004FETDD2Z2FY510, is a public limited liability bank 
company (Sw. Bankaktiebolag). The Company has its principal office at Sveavägen 163, 104 35 Stockholm. 
As a public limited liability bank company, it is under the supervision of the Swedish FSA and is regulated 
by, inter alia, the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och 
finansieringsrörelse) and the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (Sw. lag (1995:1571) om insättningsgaranti). 
The Company was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on 13 
December 2006. 
The Company’s website is www.bluestepbank.com. The information on the Company’s website or any 
other website is not part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Swedish 
FSA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association, the object of the Company’s business shall be to 
conduct banking business in accordance with Chapter 1, Section 3 of the Swedish Banking and Financing 
Business Act and to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Act (Sw. lag (2003:1223) 
om utgivande av säkerställda obligationer). The Company may also conduct financial business and other 
related business which is naturally related thereto in accordance with Chapter 7, Section 1 of the Swedish 
Banking and Financing Business Act. Furthermore, the Company may conduct collection business, 
insurance mediation and other business which is compatible with the above-mentioned business. 
Bluestep is a dedicated and solution-oriented lender that offers specialist mortgages in Sweden, Norway 
and Finland. The goal is to be the preferred and best option for those who have difficulties obtaining a 
mortgage loan from a high-street bank in Sweden, Norway, Finland and other, potential, suitable markets. 
The Company’s focus is to provide mortgage loans to people with the ability to improve and change their 
life situation and thereby successfully manage their finances in a sustainable way going forward. The focus 
is primarily on borrowers’ future financial capabilities rather than the historic challenges that they may 
have experienced. 
Bluestep is funded by deposits from the public, covered bonds, Medium Term Notes, equity and, from 
time-to-time, complemented by credit facilities in collateralised- or uncollateralised form. 
Under its current articles of association, the Company’s share capital shall be not less than 
SEK 100,000,000 and not more than SEK 400,000,000, divided into not fewer than 2 shares and not more 
than 8 shares. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s registered share capital is 
SEK 100,000,000 represented by 2 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 50,000,000. 
History 
The business was originally established in Stockholm late 2004 through Bluestep Holding AB (at the time 
named Bluestep Bostadslån AB), in order to provide mortgages to property owners rejected by the high-
street banks. The business was later transferred from Bluestep Holding AB to the Company. 
In 2010, the Company entered the Norwegian market through its Oslo branch and in 2011 it launched 
unsecured loans in Sweden, to complement the mortgage business. In 2015, the Company acquired, 
through its wholly owned subsidiary Bluestep Servicing AB, part of its former loan and deposit 
administrator in Sweden (Cerdo Bankpartner AB), allowing the Group to develop its loan and deposit 
administration platform for Sweden in-house.  
The Swedish FSA granted the Company a financing business license in 2007 and its banking license in 2016.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
In 2017, the Company was also granted a license to conduct insurance mediation, however, the Company 
has revoked its license to conduct insurance mediation. This as the Company has ceased to mediate 
payment protection insurances (“PPI”), an insurance product that was part of the Company’s historic 
personal loans offering. 
In November 2017, Bluestep Holding AB and the Group were acquired by the private equity fund EQT VII. 
In November 2019, the Company received its license to issue covered bonds (Sw. säkerställda 
obligationer) from the Swedish FSA. 
In 2020, Bluestep launched the brand 60plusbanken under which the business markets its equity release 
product in Sweden. 
A branch office was established in Finland in January 2020 and Bluestep started to offer specialist 
mortgages in Finland in June 2020. 
In February 2020, Bluestep decided to focus its offering on specialist mortgages and discontinued its 
personal loans offering. 
On 27 November 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to divest its portfolio of unsecured 
personal loans. The divestment of the portfolio was completed on 1 January 2021. 
In 2021, the Company centralised its back-office functions and the administration for the Swedish, 
Norwegian and Finnish mortgages and the Swedish and Norwegian deposit portfolios are now performed 
from Stockholm.   
On 9 November 2022, the Company applied for a permit to offer deposit products in Germany in order to 
diversify the Company’s funding portfolio. The application was approved by the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (“BaFin”) on 20 December 2022. 
Due to the build-up of the centralised back-office in Stockholm, the Company acquired the remaining 
assets from its wholly owned subsidiary Bluestep Servicing AB in January 2023 and Bluestep Servicing AB 
was divested during June 2023. 
On 21 June 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire approximately 71% 
of the outstanding shares in Bank2 ASA, a Norwegian specialist mortgage bank and refinancing services 
provider (“Bank2”). After making an offer to all other shareholders of Bank2, to accede to the share 
purchase agreement and sell their shares in Bank2, to the Company on the same terms and conditions 
the Company closed the acquisition on 31 October 2023 and at the date of this prospectus, the Company 
owns 100% of the shares in Bank2. On 7 December 2023, the Boards of Directors of the Company and 
Bank2 resolved to sign a joint merger plan for an intra-group cross-border merger between the two banks. 
The merger is intended to be implemented with the Company as the surviving company and Bank2 as the 
transferring company. The activities and business of Bank2 will be carried out by the Norwegian branch 
of the Company. The Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority has on 20 February 2024 announced its 
approval of the merger and completion of the merger is now subject only to approval from the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority, as well as the fulfilment of certain corporate law conditions. The merger 
process between Bank2 and Bluestep Bank AB (publ) is expected to be completed during April 2024. 
Ownership and organisational structure of the Group 
The Company is the main operating company of the Group. The Company is wholly owned by Bluestep 
Holding AB and then indirectly by Butterfly Holdco Pte Limited (Singapore), Butterfly Topco Pty Limited 
(Singapore) and ultimately by the private equity fund EQT VII, including certain of its co-investment 
schemes. The Company and its owner comply with applicable rules and regulation, such as the Swedish 
Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), to ensure that the control over the Company is not

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
abused. Furthermore, the Company is subject to provisions under the Swedish Banking and Financing 
Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) which prohibits the Company from 
entering into unfavourable transactions with its owner. 
The picture below illustrates the Company, its principal active subsidiaries and branch as well as its direct 
ownership as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The intention is that the subsidiary Bluestep Mortgage 
Securities No. 3 DAC and the subsidiary Bluestep Mortgage Securities No. 4 DAC shall be wound up during 
2024 and that Bank2 shall be merged with Bluestep Bank AB during 2024. 
 
Business of the Group 
Introduction 
The Company operates in the Nordic mortgage market, and more specifically in the Swedish, Norwegian, 
and Finnish specialist mortgage markets. The specialist mortgage market provides mortgages to specialist 
mortgage customers who are willing and able to get a mortgage but, for various reasons as described 
below, are screened out by high-street banks (banks targeting prime, mainstream customers). Specialist 
mortgage customers can be divided into five customer segments: 
• 
Individuals with modern employment forms or self-employed individuals: Individuals with 
irregular income, e.g., independent contractors and consultants, and gig-economy workers.  
• 
Individuals in need of debt consolidation: Individuals with a high level of unsecured debt, seeking 
to lower their total interest payments by consolidating several loans into one mortgage.  
• 
Individuals with limited credit history: Individuals with limited or no credit history, e.g., students, 
recent graduates, and people who are new residents in a country.  
• 
Individuals with orderly personal finances but with credit remarks: Individuals with a generally 
orderly and sound personal finance profile but who have one or more credit remark.  
• 
Retirees: Individuals who are 60 years old or older, whose main income is their pension, and who 
are seeking to unlock the value of their home with an equity release mortgage.  
Historically, the Company mainly focused its offering towards customers with credit remarks. Over time, 
the share of customers with few or no credit remarks has increased. The development of the Company’s 
lending, with regards to performance, has naturally been influenced by macro-economic factors, similarly 
to most banks. For instance, credit losses increased in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007-2008 
but has gradually decreased since then. The aggregated credit performance is also influenced by the total 
loan book composition (the respective shares of Swedish and Norwegian residential mortgage lending 
and Swedish personal loans lending), as personal loans exhibit different credit-characteristics compared

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
to residential mortgage loans. Loss levels have for example naturally been higher in personal loans lending 
compared to residential mortgage lending. 
As of 1 January 2021, the Company’s lending only consists of residential mortgage lending. 
Strategy 
The core strategy of the Company is to understand each new borrower’s financial situation in detail, not 
just relying on historic data, but also ensuring that they, going forward, have the capability to afford the 
loan from the Company together with all other financial obligations they may have. When refinancing 
other financial obligations, the aim is to decrease the monthly payment for financial debts for the 
borrower. 
Retaining and developing a strong credit culture and an ability to understand risk have been, and will be, 
the core focus areas for the Company. This includes an individual credit assessment before a loan is 
granted, which includes an individual valuation of all properties through a statistical valuation or a desktop 
valuation by an internal valuer as well as on-site valuation of properties (by independent valuers or real 
estate agents), in cases where market values based on statistical data is deemed insufficient or the 
internal valuer, for other reasons, require an on-site valuation to determine the market value. In the case 
where customers want to purchase a property, the reliance on a purchase price is only accepted if the 
purchase is an open market transaction which is handled by a real estate agent. Given that borrowers 
might have an adverse credit history, the Company only grants loans based on a thorough, manual, credit 
assessment of the individual borrower and within the current amortisation regulation (from which equity 
release loans are exempt). Risk grade, income type, loan to value, loan size, type of property and 
affordability dictates if a loan can be granted, the product offered, as well as the cost to the borrower. 
Due to customer risk being highest during the first couple of years, the Company can charge a higher 
interest rate during the first years for its borrowers. The borrower can in turn be offered a reduced 
interest rate later on, subject to having exhibited a clean payment history with the Company. For equity 
release loans, which have a lower risk during the first years, there is no higher interest rate charged during 
these years nor is any interest rate reduction offered. 
As to the mortgage loan security, the Company has a first ranking pledge in Sweden. In Norway, the 
Company predominantly offers first charge mortgages but may in respect of certain customers also accept 
a second charge pledge, for example, in the property in which a first ranking pledge has been obtained by 
another mortgage provider or as an additional collateral to the property in which the Company has 
obtained a first ranking pledge. In Finland, the Company also, predominantly, offer first charge mortgages 
but can, in certain circumstances, accept a second charge pledge as an additional collateral to the property 
in which the Company has obtained a first ranking pledge. 
Insurance mediation 
In the Swedish mortgage business, borrowers obtaining an equity release loan which is secured by 
mortgage certificates in real property are required to have a supplementary insurance in addition to the 
traditional homeowner’s insurance required for all borrowers. The Company, as a tied insurance 
intermediary to Anticimex Försäkringar AB, offers this kind of supplementary insurance. 
Collection process 
Loan and interest payments are made monthly and the majority of all customers have direct debit as 
payment solution when the loan is paid out. If a payment is late, or direct debit attempts are unsuccessful, 
the internal collection process at the Company commences immediately.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
For equity release loans, the repayment of all outstanding amounts including principal, accrued interest 
and any fees and expenses are made when the property pledged for the loan is sold, or the customer is 
no longer officially registered as residing in the property.  
Kronofogdemyndigheten (Sweden), Namsmannen and the courts (Norway) and Utsökningsverket 
(Finland) are the governmental bodies responsible for carrying out enforcement orders over assets in 
Sweden, Norway and Finland, respectively, including the collection of unpaid debts, whether secured or 
unsecured. This means that all enforced sales of pledged collateral in Sweden, Norway and Finland are 
being handled by one of these responsible, national, governmental bodies. Until an enforcement process 
is started, the collection activity is handled in-house, and in the case of the Norwegian business, in 
cooperation with a reputable third-party debt collection agency. The above collection processes are 
governed by the Company´s Collection Instruction, the Swedish Debt Enforcement Code (Sw. 
Utsökningsbalk (1981:774)), the Norwegian Debt Collection Act 1988 (No. Inkassoloven av 13.mai 1988 
no. 26), the Norwegian Enforcement Act 1992 (No. Tvangsfullbyrdelsesloven av 26. juni 1992 no. 86) and 
the Finnish Debt Enforcement Code (705/2007, as amended) (Sw. utsökningsbalk). 
Customer sourcing 
The Company uses a multi-channel platform for finding and attracting target customer segments as well 
as building brand awareness and positive perception, leading to positive word of mouth. The platform 
includes direct channels like TV, radio, digital channels, direct mail, e-mail and indirect channels like 
brokers, real estate agents and debt collection agencies. 
Funding 
The Company has developed a funding platform with access to a diverse funding mix, including deposits, 
Medium Term Notes, covered bonds, secured and unsecured credit facilities, and (historically) RMBS. 
The Company has been using retail deposits as a funding source since 2008 in Sweden and 2010 in Norway. 
In July 2023, the Company started raising deposits in Germany through a collaboration with Raisin. The 
Company might also assess to start raising deposits, covered by the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act, in 
other euro countries. Retail deposits is a flexible source of funding as the Company is able to adjust inflows 
and outflows and the maturity profile of the deposit book by adjusting rates offered on deposits. Daily 
changes in deposit flows have historically been very limited (less than 1 per cent) when put in relation to 
the total deposit portfolio. 
The Company offers deposit products ranging from instant access to longer term savings products. All 
products are competitively priced, providing customers with a competitive return on their short and long-
term savings. 
All deposits in Sweden, Norway and Germany are covered by the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (up to 
SEK 1,050,000). In addition, for Norwegian deposits, the Norwegian Banks’ Guarantee Fund covers the 
difference up to the Norwegian guaranteed limit (currently up to NOK 2,000,000).  
Historically, the Company has issued RMBS and used the proceeds to repay retail deposit funding, credit 
facilities and to support increased lending. The last outstanding RMBS-transaction was redeemed in May 
2022. Credit facility funding is used as a complement to other types of funding. 
The Company has also issued and intends to issue Medium Term Notes under this MTN-Programme. 
Furthermore, in order to obtain a diverse funding mix, the Company has also issued covered bonds under 
its MTCN programme. 
Credit rating

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
On 7 November 2023, the credit rating agency Moody’s assigned a local and foreign currency long term 
deposit rating of A3, Stable Outlook to the Company. Moody’s has not assigned any credit rating to the 
MTN-Programme or to any Medium Term Loan issued under the MTN-Programme. For more information 
on credit ratings, please refer to the credit rating agency’s website: www.moodys.com. Moody’s is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies. 
The table below shows Moody’s long-term rating scale: 
Aaa 
Baa1 
B2 
Aa1 
Baa2 
B3 
Aa2 
Baa3 
Caa 
Aa3 
Ba1 
Ca 
A1 
Ba2 
C 
A2 
Ba3 
 
A3 
B1 
 
Competitors 
Sweden 
In Sweden, the four largest high-street banks, Nordea, SEB, Handelsbanken and Swedbank dominate high-
street banking. The Company sees itself as a complement to these high-street banks, helping customers 
that are disfavoured by high-street banking methods but who are credit worthy based on a thorough 
underwriting process.  
The Company is a leading specialist mortgage provider (based on the Company’s own calculations of 
outstanding lending volumes (excluding equity release mortgages) for known specialised mortgage 
providers on the Swedish market) and the only provider fully focused on specialist mortgages. Marginalen 
Bank, Svea Bank and NOBA Bank Group are examples of banks that also offer specialist mortgages as part 
of their business model. 
Norway 
In 2010, the Company was the second specialist mortgage provider to enter the Norwegian market and is 
now a leading provider (based on the Company’s own calculations of outstanding lending volumes for 
known specialised mortgage providers on the Norwegian market). The high-street banks in Norway 
processing standard mortgages are similar to the Swedish landscape, with DNB, Sparebank 1 Group, 
Nordea and Handelsbanken as the largest providers. 
The Company is the only large provider with specialist mortgages as core business. Examples of other 
specialist mortgage providers are Svea Bank, Kraft Bank, MyBank, Instabank, Balansebank and NOBA Bank 
Group. In light of the foregoing, the Company believes that it holds a strong position in Norway. 
  
Finland 
  
Similar to Sweden and Norway, the mortgage market in Finland is dominated by a few high-street banks, 
OP Financial Group, Nordea Bank and Danske Bank. In 2020, the Company entered the Finnish mortgage

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
market as a complement to these high-street banks as the first specialist mortgage provider in the 
country. As the first mover into the mortgage market in Finland, the Company is, at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the only provider with specialist mortgages as core business. 
Relevant legislation 
The Company is a public limited liability bank company and regulated by the Swedish Companies Act 
(Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and its articles of association. As a bank, the Company is subject to the 
supervision of the Swedish FSA and regulated by, inter alia, the Swedish Banking and Financing Business 
Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse), the Act (2003:1223) on issuance of Covered 
Bonds (Sw. lag (2003:1223) om utgivande av säkerställda obligationer) and the Swedish Deposit Insurance 
Act (Sw. lag (1995:1571) om insättningsgaranti). The Company is also subject to the Norwegian Financial 
Undertakings Act (No. Lov 10. 10 April 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern) with respect to its 
branch in Norway, which is also a member of the Norwegian Banks’ Guarantee Fund (No. Bankenes 
sikringsfond), and subject to the Act on Credit Institution Activity (610/2014, as amended) (Sw. 
kreditinstitutslag) with respect to its branch in Finland. 
The Company is further subject to the provisions set forth in the CRR, the Swedish Supervision of Credit 
and Investment Firms Act (Sw. lag (2014:968) om särskild tillsyn över kreditinstitut och 
värdepappersbolag) and the Swedish Act on Capital Buffers (Sw. lag (2014:966) om kapitalbuffertar), 
which implement CRD IV. 
The capital adequacy requirements are measured both on the level of the Company and on the 
consolidated situation which the Company reports to the Swedish FSA. 
In addition to laws and official regulations, the Company has a number of internal documents that govern 
the day-to-day management of the Company. These are adopted by the Board of Directors or the CEO 
and include, inter alia, the rules of procedures for the Board of Directors, instructions for the CEO, the risk 
management policy, the credit policies, the remuneration policy, the outsourcing policy, the anti-money 
laundering policy, information policy, the liquidity and financing risk policy, the data protection policy and 
the customer protection policy.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS 
-___
 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association, the board of directors shall consist of no less than five 
and no more than ten members, with no more than three deputy members, elected by the general 
meeting of the shareholders. The board of directors was elected by the general meeting of the 
shareholders (elected until the annual general meeting in 2025). Below are the names and current 
positions of the members of the board of directors of the Company.  
Jayne Almond 
Born 1957. Board member and chairman of the board since 2022. 
Principal education: MA in Politics, Philosophy and Economics from St. Hilda’s College, Oxford. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the board of Bluestep Holding AB, board member of 
Arbuthnot Latham. 
Rolf Stub 
Born 1963. Board member since 2020. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of San Francisco, Master of 
International Management from American Graduate School of International Management, Arizona – USA. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Bluestep Holding AB, Chairman of the board of 
Eiendomsfinans AS, Eiendomsfinans Drift AS and Nstart AB. 
Julia Ehrhardt  
Born 1980. Board member since 2021. 
Principal education: Engineering Physics Majoring in Financial Mathematics at Royal Institute of 
Technology (KTH). 
 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Bluestep Holding AB, Nstart AB and DNA (non-
profit organization). Chief Treasury & Business Enabler of Gilion AB. 
 
Christopher Rees 
 
Born 1972. Board member since 2023. 
Principal education: The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) M.Sc. (Econ) Accounting 
& Finance & B.Sc. (Econ) Economics. Université Paul Valéry – Montpellier III. 
 
 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Bluestep Holding AB and Hoist Finance AB (publ). 
Council Member of the Seerave Foundation. Director of Kalix Capital UK Ltd. 
 
Vesa Koskinen  
Born 1973. Board member since 2023. 
Principal education: M.Sc. (Econ.) degree with a major in Finance, Helsinki School of Economics. 
 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Bluestep Holding AB, Desotec, BioGaia, Oterra 
and Kirva Holding Oy. Partner at EQT Partners and board member of EQT Partners OY. 
 
Christian Shin Høegh Andersen  
Born 1985. Board member since 2023.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Principal education: MBA from Harvard Business School and a B.Sc. in Business Administration & 
Economics from Copenhagen Business School. 
 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Bluestep Holding AB and BC MidCo PTE Ltd. 
Partner at EQT Partners. 
Senior Management 
The section below sets forth the name and current position of each member of the senior management 
of the Company. 
Björn Lander, Chief Executive Officer 
Born 1975. With Bluestep since 2019. 
Other on-going principal assignments: CEO of Bluestep Holding AB, Chairman of the board of Bluestep 
Finans Funding No 1 AB and board member of Froda AB. 
Pontus Sardal, Chief Financial Officer 
Born 1967. With Bluestep since 2021.  
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Collectius AG. 
Erik Walberg Olstad, Nordic Chief Commercial Officer 
Born 1987. With Bluestep since 2012. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Bank2 ASA and Uno Finans AS. 
Christian Marker, Chief Legal Officer 
Born 1979. With Bluestep since 2005. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Bluestep Finans Funding No 1 AB, Bank2 ASA 
and Uno Finans AS. 
Caroline Redare, Chief Human Resource Officer 
Born 1968. With Bluestep since 2022. 
Other on-going principal assignments: None. 
Anna Fogelström, Chief Information Officer  
Born 1983. With Bluestep since 2022. 
Other on-going principal assignments: None. 
David Nilsson Nannini, Chief Data Officer 
Born 1981. With Bluestep since 2023. 
Other on-going principal assignments: None. 
Christer Pettersson, Chief Customer Acquisition Officer 
Born 1967. With Bluestep since 2022. 
Other on-going principal assignments: None. 
Business address 
The address for all board members and members of the senior management is c/o Bluestep Bank AB 
(publ), Box 23138, 104 35 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No board member or member of senior management has any personal interests that could conflict with 
the interests of the Company. Several board members and members of the senior management have a 
long-term financial interest in the Group as indirect shareholders in the Company.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Auditors 
The Company’s auditor is currently the accounting firm Ernst & Young AB (P.O. Box 7850, 103 99 
Stockholm, Sweden) with Daniel Eriksson, born 1973, as auditor in charge (the “Current Auditor”). The 
Current Auditor was re-elected at the annual general meeting 2023 for the time until the end of the annual 
general meeting 2024. The Current Auditor has audited the Company´s annual report for the financial 
years 2022 and 2021 and is an authorised public accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute 
for accountants in Sweden.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Alternative performance measures, APMs, are financial measures other than those defined in the 
applicable financial reporting framework (International Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS) or in 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (CRR). APMs are used by the Group as a complement to assess the financial 
performance of the Group. The Group’s APMs may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
presented by other companies. 
All alternative performance measures in this prospectus have been derived from the Company’s annual 
report for 2022 and year-end report for 2023.  
 
Group 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Jan-Dec 2021 
Operating profit (SEKm) 
297.7 
309.9 
325.2 
Net Credit Losses Sweden 
Mortgage Loans in % 
0.30 
0.16 
0.01 
Net Credit Losses Norway 
Mortgage Loans in % 
0.09 
0.12 
0.08 
Net Credit Losses Finland 
Mortgage Loans in % 
0.41 
0.32 
0.16 
Net Credit Losses Other 
operations in % 
-0.45 
n.a. 
n.a. 
Return on Equity in % 
11.2 
13.9 
14.6 
Definitions 
Measure 
Definition 
Reason for use 
Operating profit in SEKm 
Profit before taxes.  
This measure shows the Group’s 
profit earned from its ongoing core 
business, but before any tax and is 
used as an indicator of the 
business’s profitability. 
Net Credit Losses in % 
Net credit losses (actual losses and 
net change in provisions, less 
recoveries) as a percentage of the 
closing balance of lending to the 
general public.  
This measure shows credit losses 
compared to the lending to the 
general public and is used to 
measure the Group’s cost of risk. 
Return on Equity in % 
Operating profit after tax of 20.6% in 
relation to average shareholders’ 
equity (the average of the total 
equity at the beginning of the period 
and the total equity at the end of the 
period). 
This measure shows the Group’s 
profitability in relation to the 
shareholders’ equity and is used to 
assess 
the 
Group’s 
ability 
to 
generate profits.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Reconciliation of Net Credit Losses 
 
Sweden 
mortgage 
loans 
Norway 
mortgage 
loans 
Finland 
mortgage 
loans 
Other 
operations5 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Net credit losses 
34.1 
11.8 
3.0 
-0.9 
Closing balance, lending to the 
general public 
11 478.7 
13 788.3 
738.3 
199.9 
Net credit losses in % 
0.30 
0.09 
0.41 
-0.45 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Net credit losses 
17.7 
10.8 
1.6 
-2.1 
Closing balance, lending to the 
general public 
11 118.7 
8 716.5 
511.1 
n.a. 
Net credit losses in % 
0.16 
0.12 
0.32 
n.a. 
Jan-Dec 2021 
Net credit losses 
0.6 
5.9 
0.3 
0.0 
Closing balance, lending to the 
general public 
10 483.8 
7 629.8 
219.4 
n.a. 
Net credit losses in % 
0.01 
0.08 
0.16 
n.a. 
 
 
 
5 Other operations entail products in run-off (acquired through the acquisition of Bank2) for 2023. For 2022 Other 
operations entails the personal loan portfolio (divested).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority Approval 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as competent 
authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority’s approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Company that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Authorisations and responsibility 
The Company has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in 
conjunction with the MTN-Programme and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. The MTN-
Programme and the update of the Base Prospectus was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Company on 21 February 2024. 
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of 
the Company is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Information from third parties 
The Base Prospectus contains data from third parties. This information has been accurately reproduced 
and that as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third 
parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. However, the Company has not independently verified the information and therefore, the 
accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. 
Material agreements 
Neither the Company nor any other Group Company has concluded any material agreements not entered 
into in the ordinary course of its business which could result in a member of the Group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligations to the 
Noteholders. 
Shareholders’ agreement 
As far as the Board of Directors of the Company is aware, there are no shareholders’ agreements or other 
agreements that could result in a change of control of the Company (however, please refer to the section 
“Ownership and organisational structure of the Group” above).  
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group is currently and may from time to time be subject to disputes, claims and administrative 
proceedings as a part of the ordinary course of business. However, the Group is not now and has not been 
party to any material governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened which the Company is aware of) during the previous 12 months

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Company’s and/or the Group’s result or financial position. 
Certain material interests 
The Arranger and/or the Dealers (and closely related companies) may have provided, and may in the 
future provide, certain investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services to the 
Company and the Group for which they have received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts 
of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Arranger and/or the Dealers having previously engaged, 
or in the future engaging, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other 
transactions for third parties. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since 31 December 2022, 
being the end date of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been published. 
Furthermore, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the 
end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published. 
Significant changes since 31 December 2023 
There have been no significant changes in the financial or trading position of the Company since 
31 December 2023, being the end date of the last financial period for which interim financial information 
has been published. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and is available 
for 
the 
term 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.bluestepbank.com/investor-relations/financial-reports/. The incorporated information 
should be read as part of the Base Prospectus. 
Annual report for the financial year 2021, in respect of the audited consolidated financial information 
and the audit report on the following pages: 
- 
24 (Consolidated income statement) 
- 
25 (Consolidated balance sheet) 
- 
26 (Consolidated statement of changes in equity) 
- 
27 (Consolidated statement of cash flows) 
- 
32-91 (Notes to the financial statements) 
- 
125-129 (Auditor’s report) 
Annual report for the financial year 2022, in respect of the audited consolidated financial information 
and the audit report on the following pages: 
- 
40 (Consolidated income statement) 
- 
41 (Consolidated balance sheet) 
- 
42 (Consolidated statement of changes in equity) 
- 
43 (Consolidated statement of cash flows) 
- 
49-107 (Notes to the financial statements) 
- 
125-129 (Auditor’s report)

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Year-end report for the financial year 2023, in respect of the audited consolidated financial information 
and the audit report on the following pages: 
- 
15 (Consolidated income statement) 
- 
16 (Consolidated balance sheet)  
- 
17 (Consolidated statement of changes in equity) 
- 
18 (Consolidated statement of cash flows) 
- 
24-40 (Notes to the financial statements) 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the 
Company not to be relevant for investors in the Medium Term Notes or is covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Company’s annual reports for the financial years 2021 and 2022 have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and in 
accordance with the Swedish Annual Report Act (Sw. årsredovisningslag (1995:1554)). With the exception 
of the annual reports, no information in this Base Prospectus has been audited by the Company’s auditor. 
In addition to the above and in order to enable further tap issuances under previous prospectuses, the 
following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and is available for 
the term of this Base Prospectus on the Company’s website at https://www.bluestepbank.com/investor-
relations/mtn-programme/base-prospectus/, are incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Base prospectus dated 18 March 2021 (Swedish FSA reference no. 21-2418), in respect of the general 
terms and conditions as of 27 August 2020 (including the form of final terms) on the following pages: 
- 
30 – 50 (Terms and conditions) 
- 
51 – 55 (Form of final terms) 
Base prospectus dated 28 February 2022 (Swedish FSA reference no. 21-34338), in respect of the general 
terms and conditions as of 28 February 2022 (including the form of final terms) on the following pages: 
- 
33 – 56 (Terms and conditions) 
- 
57 – 61 (Form of final terms) 
Base prospectus dated 13 September 2022 (Swedish FSA reference no. 22-22555), in respect of the 
general terms and conditions as of 13 September 2022 (including the form of final terms) on the following 
pages: 
- 
36 – 63 (Terms and conditions) 
- 
64 – 69 (Form of final terms)

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Financial information for the financial year 2023 
All financial information in this prospectus relating to the period 1 January to 31 December 2023 or with 
the reference date 31 December 2023 has been derived from the Company’s year-end report for 2023.  
Documents available 
The Company’s Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association are electronically available for the 
term of this Base Prospectus at https://www.bluestepbank.com/corporate-governance/. The information 
at https://www.bluestepbank.com/corporate-governance/ is not part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Swedish FSA.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
ADDRESSES 
  
The Company 
Bluestep Bank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
P.O Box 23138, 104 35 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Sveavägen 163, Stockholm, Sweden  
Telephone: +46 (0)8 501 004 00 
www.bluestepbank.com 
Auditor to the Company  
Ernst & Young AB  
Postal address 
Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm, Sweden  
Visiting address 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24, 111 44, Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 520 590 00 
www.ey.com/se/sv/home  
 
 
The Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 232 19 
+46 (0)8 506 230 61 
www.seb.se 
 
Dealers (for purchase and sales) 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 232 19 
+46 (0)8 506 230 61 
www.seb.se 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Norrmalmstorg 1  
103 92 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 752 48 45 42 
www.danskebank.se 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Markets 
Smålandsgatan 17 
105 71 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 407 90 85 
+46 (0)8407 91 11 
+46 (0)8-407 92 03  
www.nordeamarkets.com  
 
Central Securities Depositories 
Euroclear Sweden AB  
Postal address 
P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm 
Visiting address 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, 111 64 Stockholm 
Telephone: + 46 (0)8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html  
 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, Norway 
Visiting address 
Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone: +47 22 63 53 00 
www.euronextvps.no