--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
BNG Bank N.V.  
formerly, N.V. Bank Nederlandse Gemeenten  
(Incorporated in the Netherlands with limited liability and having its statutory domicile in The Hague) 
Euro 100,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
BNG Bank N.V. (formerly, N.V. Bank Nederlandse Gemeenten) (the "Issuer" or "BNG Bank") may from 
time to time offer debt instruments (the "Notes") pursuant to a programme of issuance established on 7 
December 1993 (as amended) (the "Programme"). The sum of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any time under the Programme will not exceed Euro 100,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). The Programme amount may be increased from time to time subject to the preparation of 
a supplemental prospectus which shall be subject to the prior approval of the Netherlands Authority for the 
Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the "AFM"). 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below and any 
additional Dealer appointed for the duration of the Programme or, with regard to an issue of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, for the purposes of that tranche (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). The Dealer 
or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are referred to 
as the "relevant Dealer" in respect of those Notes. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") each 
of which will comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche"). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus dated 21 May 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Base Prospectus 
is issued in replacement of a prospectus dated 25 May 2020, which does not affect any notes issued prior 
to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Programme has been rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's"), 
AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Aaa by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"). Tranches 
(as defined herein) of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme or the Issuer. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of a certain Series or Tranche of Notes may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Series or Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the UK CRA Regulation (as defined below) will be disclosed 
clearly and prominently in the Final Terms.  
Each of Standard & Poor's, Fitch and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The ratings Standard & Poor's, Fitch and 
Moody's has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited, respectively, which are 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation").

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by AFM, which is the Netherlands competent authority for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation in the Netherlands for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof. This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the 
Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent for a period of up to twelve (12) months after its 
approval by the AFM and shall expire on 21 May 2022, at the latest. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus, in the event of any significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, shall cease 
to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus. The AFM only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities. 
The AFM shall notify the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA"), a European Supervisory 
Authority, of the approval of this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto at the same time as such 
approval is notified to the Issuer. In addition, the AFM shall provide ESMA with a copy of this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement hereto. 
Application may be made for Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam ("Euronext 
Amsterdam"), the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd and the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on 
the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
The AFM has been requested by the Issuer to provide various competent authorities of the member states 
of the European Economic Area with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Furthermore, this Base Prospectus and the certificate of approval from AFM has been filed with the SIX 
Exchange Regulation Ltd in its capacity as review body ("Prüfstelle") pursuant to article 54 of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act ("FINSA"). 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or any U.S. state securities laws and the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States, or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S 
("Regulation S") under the Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws, or 
pursuant to an effective registration statement. The Notes may be offered and sold (a) in bearer form or 
registered form outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and (b) in 
registered form within the United States to persons who are "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in 
reliance on Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") under the Securities Act. Prospective purchasers who are QIBs 
are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of 
Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further 
restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Plan of 
Distribution" and "Transfer Restrictions". The Notes in bearer form are subject to United States tax law 
requirements. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS DESCRIBED 
UNDER THE SECTION HEADED "RISK FACTORS" IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with the 
documents incorporated by reference herein (which can be found on the website of the Issuer, 
https://www.bngbank.com/funding/issuance-programmes) and in relation to any Tranche of Notes, this 
Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the London

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE"), 
the euro short-term rate ("€STR") which is provided by the European Central Bank, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") which is provided by the Bank of England, or any other benchmark, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, from the list 
of the above-named administrators, only EMMI is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") (the 
"Benchmarks Register") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the "BMR").  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the provisions of Article 51 (Transitional provisions) of the BMR apply, such 
that ICE and the European Central Bank are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence) as index providers already 
providing a benchmark on 30 June 2016 have until 31 December 2021 to apply for authorisation or 
registration in accordance with Article 34 (Authorisation and registration of an administrator) of the BMR 
and may continue to provide such an existing benchmark until 31 December 2021 or, where the index 
provider submits an application for authorisation or registration, unless and until such authorisation or 
registration is refused. The applicable Final Terms may set out the name of the specific benchmark(s) and 
the relevant administrator. In such a case they will further specify if the relevant administrator appears or 
does not appear on the Benchmarks Register. 
Arranger 
RBC Capital Markets 
Principal Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
BMO Capital Markets 
BNG Bank 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
NORD/LB 
Rabobank 
RBC Capital Markets 
Scotiabank 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
TD Securities  
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 May 2021 and it replaces the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2020.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 5
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 15
IMPORTANT NOTICES ........................................................................................................................... 46
NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT OFFER NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC 
AREA ......................................................................................................................................................... 52
ENFORCEMENT OF FOREIGN JUDGMENTS ...................................................................................... 58
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................. 59
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 60
FORMS OF NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 62
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 68
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 69
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 121
BNG BANK N.V. .................................................................................................................................... 151
CAPITALISATION ................................................................................................................................. 174
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 2020-2016 ......................................................................................... 175
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW ........................................................................................... 178
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 216
ERISA AND RETIREMENT PLAN CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 228
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ..................................................................................................................... 230
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 240
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 245

--- Page 5 ---
5 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, and must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus 
as a whole, including any amendment and/or supplement hereto and the documents incorporated by 
reference herein. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise 
stated. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following.
Description 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Issuer 
BNG Bank N.V. (formerly, N.V. Bank Nederlandse 
Gemeenten) ("BNG Bank" or the "Issuer")
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
529900GGYMNGRQTDOO93 
Program 
The Issuer may, subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, from time to 
time issue Notes denominated in any currency as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The aggregate nominal amount, any interest rate or 
interest calculation, the issue price and any other 
terms and conditions contained herein with respect to 
each Series of Notes will be determined at the time of 
issuance and set forth in the applicable final terms 
(the "Final Terms") 
Size
Up to €100,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount 
of Notes (or its equivalent in any other currency 
calculated as described herein) outstanding at any 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the dealer 
agreement 
dated 
21 
May 
2021
(as further amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") 
Arranger 
RBC Europe Limited 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Bank of Montreal, Europe plc 
Bank of Montreal, London Branch  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNG Bank N.V. 
BNP Paribas 
BNP Paribas (Suisse) SA 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse AG 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am 
Main, Zurich Branch 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE

--- Page 6 ---
6 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Norddeutsche Landesbank – Girozentrale -  
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
RBC Europe Limited 
Scotiabank Europe plc 
Soctiabank (Ireland) Designated Activity Company 
Société Générale 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Dealer Agreement 
Paying Agents 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
Non-U.S. Paying Agent
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg S.A., only with respect to Tranches (as 
defined on the cover page) of Notes which are solely 
offered and sold by the Issuer and/or the Dealers in 
bearer form outside the United States of America 
("U.S.") to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and only if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, such currencies as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including, 
without limitation, the Australian dollar, the Euro, the 
Japanese yen, the New Zealand dollar, the British 
pound, the Swiss franc and the United States dollar 
Redenomination 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the 
Notes may be redenominated in Euro. The relevant 
provisions applicable to such redenomination are 
contained in Condition 10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
Alternative Currency 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
whenever the Issuer is due to make any payment in a 
currency in respect of any Notes and such currency 
(the "Original Currency") is not available on the 
foreign exchange markets due to the imposition of 
exchange controls or due to the Original Currency's 
replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond 
the Issuer's control, the Issuer will be entitled to 
satisfy its obligation in respect of that payment by 
making that payment in another currency (the 
"Alternative Currency"). The amount of the

--- Page 7 ---
7 
payment in the Alternative Currency and the 
applicable exchange rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Any payment made by the Issuer under such 
circumstances in the Alternative Currency shall 
constitute valid payment and shall not constitute an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 7 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
Maturities 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and restrictions and subject to a minimum maturity of 
one month 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid 
basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. The Issue Price 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms 
Issuance in Series 
The Notes will be issued in Series, each of which will 
comprise one or more Tranches. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date, issue price and the date of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will 
all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form ("Bearer 
Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes") as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. Registered 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and 
vice versa. No single Tranche may comprise both 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be sold outside the 
United States in 'offshore transactions' within the 
meaning of Regulation S. Bearer Notes are subject to 
U.S.
tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Bearer Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons, 
as defined under the Code and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder. Bearer Notes 
will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) initially be represented by a temporary 
bearer global Note (a "Temporary Bearer Global 
Note") which will be deposited on the relevant issue 
date either (i) if the Bearer Notes are intended to be 
issued in new global note ("NGN") form, with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or (ii) if the Bearer 
Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed 
clearing system

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note will be 
exchangeable as described therein for either interests 
in a permanent bearer global Note (a "Permanent 
Bearer Global Note" and together with the 
Temporary Bearer Global Notes, the "Bearer Global 
Notes") or Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Bearer Notes") from the 40th day after 
the date on which the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is issued upon certain conditions including, in the 
case of a Temporary Bearer Global Note where the 
issue is subject to the TEFRA D Rules, upon 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable 
Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes either (i) upon not less than 30 days' notice or 
(ii) upon the occurrence of certain Exchange Events, 
as described in 'Form of the Notes' herein. Any 
interest in a Bearer Global Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of either Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as appropriate 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and 
sold in 'offshore transactions' within the meaning of 
Regulation S will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside 
the United States and will initially be represented by 
a global note in registered form (a "Regulation S 
Global Note"). The Registered Notes of each 
Tranche offered and sold in the United States or to 
U.S. persons may only be offered and sold in private 
transactions to QIBs and will initially be represented 
by a global note in registered form (a "Rule 144A 
Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S 
Global Note, the "Registered Global Notes" and 
together with Bearer Global Notes, "Global Notes") 
Registered Global Notes will (i) be deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") and/or 
(ii) be deposited with a common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in 
the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear 
a legend regarding such restrictions (see "Plan of 
Distribution" and "Transfer Restrictions"). In 
addition, no beneficial owner of an interest in a 
Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable on the 
date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest either at a rate 
determined on the same basis as the floating rate 
under a notional interest-rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency or on the basis of a 
reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Margin, if any, will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their principal amount or at par and will 
not bear any interest 
Dual Currency Interest Notes 
Payments by the Issuer of interest will be made in 
such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Final Terms shall, in the instances where the 
minimum denomination of the Notes to be issued is 
less than EUR 100,000, include details of where past 
and future performance and volatility of the relevant 
rates can be obtained and a clear and comprehensive 
explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the such relevant rates and the 
circumstances when the risks are most evident 
Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
Payments by the Issuer of principal will be made in 
such currency or currencies and based on such rates 
of exchange, as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Terms shall, in the instances 
where the minimum denomination of the Notes to be 
issued is less than EUR 100,000, include details of 
where past and future performance and volatility of 
the relevant rates can be obtained and a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the 
investment is affected by the such relevant rates and 
the circumstances when the risks are most evident

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Reverse Floater Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Reverse Floater Interest Notes.  
If "Fixed Rate Period" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Notes will bear interest 
at a fixed rate of interest (being Rate of 
Interest(Fixed)(t)) during any Interest Period(t) 
falling within the Fixed Rate Interest Period 
The Notes will bear interest at a variable Rate of 
Interest during any Variable Rate Interest Period, 
equal to the Fix(t), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, minus the Underlying Rate(t) (multiplied by a 
Multiplier(t) specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
which will be subject to market fluctuations 
The Rate of Interest in respect of any Variable Rate 
Interest Period will be capped at the Cap(t), which is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Step-Up Interest Notes and Step-Down 
Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Step-Up Interest Notes and/or 
Step-Down Interest Notes 
If "Fixed Rate Period" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Notes will bear interest 
at a fixed rate of interest (being Rate of 
Interest(Fixed)(t)) during any Interest Period(t) 
falling within the Fixed Rate Interest Period 
The Notes will bear interest at a variable Rate of 
Interest during any Variable Rate Interest Period, 
which in the case of Step-Up Interest Notes increases 
periodically during the life of the Notes by the Step-
Up(t) and which in the case of Step-Down Interest 
Notes decreases periodically during the life of the 
Notes by Step-Down(t), in each case as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (other than if such 
Variable Rate Interest Period is the first Interest 
Period, for which the Notes will bear interest at a 
fixed Rate of Interest) 
CMS Linked Notes 
Payments in respect of interest on CMS London 
Linked Notes or CMS Brussels Linked Notes (as the 
case may be) will be calculated by reference to the 
difference between two separate notional constant 
maturity swaps, which are weighted in accordance 
with Multipliers as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to which a further Margin (if any) 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Other provisions in relation to interest-
bearing Notes 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. Interest on Notes in respect of 
each Interest Period, as determined prior to issue by 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (if any), 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (if any) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or 
Benchmark Transition Event (as the case may be) the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and 
following consultation with a Rate Determination 
Agent or an Independent Adviser (as the case may be 
and as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes")) determine a Replacement Reference Rate or 
a Benchmark Replacement (as the case may be) and, 
in either case, an adjustment spread, if any, and any 
amendments in accordance with Condition 5B.(10) or 
Condition 5B.(11) (as the case may be) 
Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either (i) that 
the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified installments (see 
below), if applicable, or for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) or following an Event of Default (as defined 
in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes)) or (ii) that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer ("Issuer Call Option") and/or 
the Noteholders ("Investor Put Option") upon 
giving irrevocable notice (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in the case 
of an Issuer Call Option or to the Issuer in the case of 
an Investor Put Option, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices 
as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. BNG 
Bank will be permitted to redeem all (but not some 
only) Notes if, as a result of any change in or 
amendment to applicable law (which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of such Notes), BNG Bank 
determines that it would or will be required to pay 
additional amounts in accordance with Condition 8 
with respect to payments relating to such Notes 
Installment Notes 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes 
may be repayable in two or more installments in such 
amounts and on such dates as specified therein 
Denomination of Notes 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms save that in 
the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State 
of 
the 
European 
Economic 
Area 
in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of such Notes). 
Taxation 
The Prospectus includes general summaries of certain 
tax considerations relating to an investment in the 
Notes. See the "Taxation" section of this Base 
Prospectus. Such summary may not apply to a 
particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue and 
does not cover all possible tax considerations. In 
addition, the tax treatment may change before the 
maturity, exercise or termination date of Notes. Any 
potential investor should consult his own tax adviser 
for more information about the tax consequences of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in its 
particular circumstances 
In addition, the Notes will not contain any provision 
that would oblige the Issuer to gross-up any amounts 
payable thereunder in respect of interest or principal 
in the event of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of taxes levied in any jurisdiction 
ERISA Considerations: 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Notes may be acquired by employee benefit plans 
or other plans that are subject to Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA") or Section 4975 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
("Section 4975") and by any entities or arrangements 
whose assets are treated for purposes of such 
provisions of law as assets of any such plans (such 
plans, entities and arrangements, "Benefit Plan 
Investors"); provided that such acquisition, holding 
and disposition of the Notes will not constitute or 
result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
ERISA or Section 4975. None of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, Stabilising Managers, or 
Calculation Agent, or any affiliate, employee, agent 
or representative thereof of any of the foregoing is 
intended to be or be treated as a fiduciary or to 
provide or undertake to provide investment advice 
within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA as to 
the acquisition, holding or disposition of any Notes 
(or interest therein) by any Benefit Plan Investor, 
including, without limitation, by reason of the 
Prospectus or any supplement thereto, and each 
purchaser and transferee of a Note will be deemed to 
have made certain representations relating to ERISA 
and Section 4975. See "Certain ERISA and Other 
U.S. Considerations" 
Negative Pledge 
See Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes 
Cross Default 
None 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series constitute direct and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and 
with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for 
those preferred by mandatory operation of law 
Rating  
The Programme has been rated "AAA" by Standard 
& Poor's, "AAA" by Fitch and "Aaa" by Moody's 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the Program. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each

--- Page 13 ---
13 
of Standard & Poor's, Fitch and Moody’s are 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
The rating of a certain Series of Notes to be issued 
under the Program, if applicable will, be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to such Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed will be 
disclosed clearly and prominently in the applicable 
Final Terms 
Listing 
The Programme provides that Notes issued under the 
Programme may be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation on Euronext Amsterdam, the regulated 
market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., the SIX Swiss 
Exchange Limited and the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The AFM has been 
requested by the Issuer to provide the CSSF, the with 
a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. Furthermore, this Base 
Prospectus and the certificate of approval of the AFM 
has been filed with the SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd 
in its capacity as review body (Prüfstelle) pursuant to 
article 54 FINSA. The Programme also permits Notes 
to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or 
not the Notes are to be listed and, if so, on which 
market 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Netherlands 
Terms and Conditions 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series 
will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at or prior to the time of issuance of such 
Series, and will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. A form of the Final Terms is set out below 
(see "Form of Final Terms") 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of offering material in, inter alia, the United States of 
America, the EEA, the United Kingdom and the 
Netherlands (see "Plan of Distribution" below) 
Target Market 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, Eligible Counterparties and Professional 
Clients only as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") and/or Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 14 ---
14 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Unition 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") ("UK 
MiFIR"); (all distribution channels) 
Transfer Restrictions 
Regulation S Category 2; Rule 144A; and TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
(see 
"Transfer 
Restrictions" below) 
Notes in bearer form will be issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any 
successor regulation in substantially the same form 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code ("TEFRA D Rules") unless (i) the 
applicable Final Terms state that Notes are issued in 
compliance 
with 
U.S. 
Treas. 
Reg. 
§1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
or 
any 
successor 
regulation 
in 
substantially the same form for purposes of Section 
4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or (ii) the Notes have a term of 
one year or less (taking into account any unilateral 
extension or rollover rights) 
Regulatory Matters 
Each issue of Notes in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription 
and Sale" below) 
Use of proceeds:
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein). 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Such factors are factors which we consider to be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with the Notes. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materializing, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number 
of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. 
While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than 
one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes may occur for other reasons. Risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or that it 
currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations and the 
price of the Notes. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. Prospective investors should consider, among other 
things, the following. 
A. Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
1. BNG Bank's business and results of operations may be negatively affected by actual or perceived local 
and global economic and financial market conditions.  
BNG Bank's business and results of operations are affected by local and global economic conditions, 
perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects. After a severe growth collapse in 2020 due 
to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global economy is expected to make a modest recovery in 
2021. However, the strength of recovery is uncertain and projected to vary significantly across countries 
likely depending on the effectiveness of a country’s COVID-19 strategy.1
BNG Bank's ability to generate revenues and expand its loan portfolio in the future largely depends on 
economic and market conditions in the Netherlands and Western Europe and in general these will continue 
to affect BNG Bank's results of operations. BNG Bank expects that lending to housing associations will 
continue to increase in the coming years due to increasing investments after a few years of declining 
investments (which decline was a result of changes in regulations and governmental housing policies). 
Long-term lending volumes have gradually recovered from the immediate post-global economic and 
financial crisis levels, driven by increased investment from local authorities and housing associations in 
particular, including for the purposes of residential construction and sustainability measures for existing 
real estate. COVID-19 has not had a noticeable effect on the credit demand of housing associations in the 
Netherlands. In 2020, BNG Bank’s new long-term lending provided to housing associations was €3.7 
billion, €300 million below the level in 2019. In addition, BNG Bank's overall loan portfolio grew slightly 
despite a decrease in public sector lending in the Netherlands. A number of factors resulted in slightly 
subdued lending volumes in the Netherlands, in the past few years based on principal amounts to local and 
regional authorities and housing associations, which continue to weigh on BNG Bank’s long-term lending 
volumes. These factors include budgetary constraints affecting local and regional authorities, a lower level 
of investments in housing as a result of amendments to the Dutch Housing Act (Woningwet) (the "Housing 
Act"), the decentralisation of certain tasks from the central government to the municipalities, increased 
competition and the effects of both the recession in the Netherlands in 2020 and the direct effects on the 
1 Source: International Monetary Fund: World Economic Outlook 2020.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
COVID-19 pandemic on the construction industry in general. See "The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely 
affect BNG Bank’s business, results and financial condition" for more information. 
The amendments to the Housing Act, which entered into force on 1 July 2015, limit the scope of business 
activities of housing associations. The amendments, together with the Landlord Levy, initially resulted in 
the delay of investments by housing associations. The legal conditions under which these investments must 
take place under the Housing Act have since been confirmed and accordingly, investments have re-
commenced. In addition in 2020, Dutch Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations, the Association 
of Dutch Housing Associations and the Association of Dutch Municipalities agreed that together, they 
would accelerate the construction of public-sector rented homes and increase construction output to at least 
85,000 homes per year. There is also a significant push from housing associations to make their existing 
house stock more sustainable by 2021. This new construction and sustainability push will require greater 
financial scope in the housing association sector to accomplish these social challenges in the future.  
Therefore, BNG Bank expects an increase in investments in the coming years. However, any of these 
expectations may prove inaccurate and conditions may worsen or planned investments may not happen. 
See "BNG Bank N.V. - Products and Services - Housing Associations" for more information.  
The COVID-19 pandemic placed a significant financial strain on the healthcare sector in the Netherlands. 
During 2020, BNG Bank's lending to the healthcare sector remained consistent at 6.2% of total lending by 
BNG Bank (2019: 8.4%). Although the healthcare sector continued to experience higher than expected 
financing requirements in 2020 mainly due to the impact of COVID-19, he insecurity caused by a large 
number of policy changes to the Dutch healthcare system (including de-institutionalisation (keeping 
patients outside healthcare institutions) and strong cost-cutting incentives for healthcare institutions) has 
made healthcare institutions hesitant to enter into long-term commitments. Mainly due to the higher 
financial risks in the healthcare sector, the Healthcare Sector Guarantee Fund (Waarborgfonds voor de 
Zorgsector, "WfZ") has become more restrictive in respect of providing guarantees, thereby limiting access 
to the guaranteed funding structure for BNG Bank's clients. In a reversal of previous efforts to decentralize 
and deregulate the healthcare sector, in mid-2020, the Dutch government, health insurance companies and 
other stakeholders designed a safety net for the healthcare sector to keep the financial impact of the 
pandemic on the healthcare sector to a minimum.  The financial stability of the healthcare sector and the 
demand for credit, and consequently demand for the healthcare sector for BNG Bank’s lending, in 2021 
will depend on the further development of the COVID-19 pandemic and the manner in which the safety net 
will be continued. 
While BNG Bank's position as a specialised lender to local and regional authorities as well as public sector 
institutions means it has a low-risk weighted portfolio, it also means that the diversification of its loan 
portfolio is limited. Accordingly, any reduction in BNG Bank's primary clients' financing requirements may 
in turn negatively affect BNG Bank's financial condition and results of operations.  
BNG Bank's business and results of operations are also affected by financial and credit market conditions. 
The European markets have been negatively impacted by uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 
pandemic. See "A weakening of economic growth in Europe may adversely affect BNG Bank's business and 
financial condition". 
The U.S. Federal Reserve ended its quantitative easing ("QE") program in October 2014 and in December 
2015 raised its target range for the federal funds rate for the first time since June 2006. In December 2016, 
the U.S. Federal Reserve raised its target range for the federal funds rate by 25 basis points, to a range of 
0.50% to 0.75%, with further increases in each of March, June, September and December 2018. In response 
to slowing growth, however, the U.S. Federal Reserve reduced the federal funds rate in August, September 
and October 2019. In response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic significant cuts were made in 
March 2020. The target range for the federal funds rate after these cuts is forecast to be 0% to 0.25%. 
Although there signs that recovery in the U.S. is underway, there is currently no indication that the U.S. 
Federal Reserve intends to tighten these monetary policies. Further, both the U.S. Federal Reserve and the 
ECB have aggressively expanded asset purchase programmes. Globally, central banks have committed to 
new and expanded QE programmes for as long as necessary to reinforce the accommodative impact of its 
policy rates. 
Further market volatility may occur as interest rates are decreased in most major economies and markets 
respond to the expansion of QE programmes by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the ECB. Reduced business 
confidence, higher levels of unemployment, adverse changes to levels of inflation, potentially lower or

--- Page 17 ---
17 
negative interest rates and falling property prices, and consequently an increase in delinquency rates and 
default rates among customers, notwithstanding extraordinarily accommodating fiscal and monetary policy 
will affect global economic recovery and growth. The resulting uncertainty in financial markets could create 
a somewhat difficult operating environment for financial institutions, including BNG Bank, as they place 
strain on funding needs and may continue to cause significant volatility to funding costs.  
Should volatility in the financial and credit markets continue and economic recovery stagnate, BNG Bank 
may experience reductions in business activity, increased and volatile funding costs and funding pressures, 
decreased asset values and/or lower profitability. As a result of changing market conditions and the 
influence of financial, economic and/or other cycles, BNG Bank's results of operations are subject to 
volatility that may be outside the control of BNG Bank. BNG Bank's financial condition and results of 
operations may, therefore, vary significantly from year to year depending on market and general economic 
conditions. 
2. The  COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect BNG Bank’s business, results and financial condition. 
A year on from when COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on 11 
March 2020, various countries and local governmental authorities across the world have maintained 
baseline measures aimed at preventing the further spread of COVID-19 as well as snap measures deployed 
to address new waves of COVID-19 infections, including amongst others, bans on public events which 
have more than a certain number of attendees, closures of places where large groups of people gather such 
as schools, sports facilities and bars and restaurants, lockdowns, border controls and travel and other 
restrictions. Such measures continue to disrupt the normal flow of business operations in those countries 
and regions, which include countries and regions where BNG Bank and its customers and counterparties 
operate, affected global supply chains, global manufacturing, tourism, consumer spending and asset prices, 
and resulted in volatility and uncertainty across the global economy and financial markets.  
The negative economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has, and is expected to continue to, put direct 
pressure on BNG Bank’s results in a number or ways. For example, changes in asset valuations by the 
markets may impact BNG Bank’s annual results. In addition, disruptions to staff and technology may 
negatively impact BNG Bank’s efforts to improve operational efficiency. For example, if employees are 
unable to work due to illness or are forced to work remotely under conditions in which they cannot operate 
as effectively and efficiently as they would on site, that may adversely affect BNG Bank’s business. 
Although government support and other forms of support to the Dutch public sector have to date protected 
the majority of BNG Bank’s customers during the COVID-19 pandemic until now, BNG Bank expects to 
continue to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic through its direct and indirect impact on the financial 
condition of its customers or other counterparties, including increasing the risk of impairments or defaults 
by customers and counterparties under loans and other contractual arrangements. If the businesses of 
customers or other counterparties are affected by a global decrease in economic activity, that may adversely 
affect their ability to meet their obligations towards BNG Bank, which in turn may affect BNG Bank’s 
results and financial condition.  BNG Bank’s business, results and financial condition are also expected to 
continue to be affected by measures taken by various countries across the world to curb the further spread 
of the virus as mentioned above, and by measures taken by governments, regulators and central banks to 
support the economy and financial markets, as described below. The full impact of such support measures 
remain uncertain, and any potential positive impacts from such measures may not fully mitigate or 
compensate for the negative impacts on BNG Bank’s business and operations from the COVID-19 
pandemic and related economic impacts. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to weigh heavily on global economic prospects in the 
short term. However, the rollout of wide-spread vaccination programmes in advanced economies are 
expected to aid a rising recovery in the second half of 2021. Major central banks are expected to maintain 
their current policy actions, including current central bank rate settings to the end of 2022. The ECB’s 
Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme of €1,850 billion will run until at least mid-2022, and the ECB 
will reinvest the redemptions until at least late 2023. The ECB is also using a liquidity-providing instrument, 
the targeted longer-term refinancing operation ("TLTRO"), to increase liquidity and support the euro area 
economy. Banks can use this TLTRO to borrow money cheaply from the ECB for a three-year period to 
pass this benefit to their customers. The other stimulus programmes, including the ECB's ‘regular’ asset 
purchase programme of €120 billion, remained unchanged in 2020, as has the policy interest rate, which is 
still at -0.5%. Financial conditions in advanced economies are expected to broadly remain at current levels 
with markets remaining positive about recovery in 2021, assuming continued monetary policy support. The

--- Page 18 ---
18 
outlook for the economy in the Netherlands remains modest with growth rates expected at approximately 
2%. Gross domestic product ("GDP") in the Netherlands decreased by 3.7% in 2020 (from an increase of 
1.7% in 2019) driven mainly by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the Dutch government has implemented a series of unprecedented economic measures. The measures are 
designed not only to protect the health of its citizens, but also to curb unemployment and to minimise the 
impact on self-employed people, small and medium-sized enterprises and major companies. Under the 
measures announced in 2020, the fiscus is taking substantial measures to mitigate the effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic on the economy. Although the Dutch government’s support policy has kept pace with 
economic developments as the pandemic has, it is uncertain when the planned phase out of the support 
policies will be enacted, with  this largely depending on how the pandemic will develop in 2021.2
The average number of people unemployed in the Netherlands increased to 3.8% of the working population 
in 2020 from 3.4% in 2019 (2018: 3.8%).3 Projections suggest that employment will continue to be affected 
by the COVID-19 pandemic with unemployment being only slight affected in a best-case scenario (i.e. 
limited period of contact restrictions imposed in 2021 to manage the spread of COVID-19 and sufficient 
fiscal and monetary measures to support the economy and furloughed/retrenched workers remaining). 
Under a worst-case scenario (i.e. prolonged period of contract restrictions for a year and ineffective or 
insufficient efforts to support the economy and furloughed/retrenched workers), forecasts suggest an 
increase in unemployment rate in the Dutch working population to 6% in 2021. Inflation in the Netherlands 
was approximately 1.1% in 20204, and projections suggest it is set to increase to approximately 1.9% in 
2021, reflecting one of the highest consumer price increases in the Eurozone.5  There is exceptional 
uncertainty as to how the baseline projections will progress given the uncertainty around vaccine rollouts, 
the containment of new variants of COVID-19 and the potential for slower than expected progress in 
medical intervention. However, these forecasts may prove inaccurate and conditions may worsen, including 
if any of the risks described herein or other risks materialize. The International Monetary Fund (the "IMF") 
is forecasting a recovery in real GDP in the Netherlands of 3.5% in 2021 with an expectation that growth 
will stabilise to 3.0% in 2022.6
The exact ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken in response are highly uncertain 
and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to predict the further spread or duration of the 
pandemic and the economic effects thereof, or the effect of current or any future measures aimed at 
preventing further spread of the virus and at limiting damage to the economy and financial markets, whether 
direct or indirect, such as by increasing sovereign debt of certain countries which may result in increased 
volatility and widening credit spreads, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on BNG Bank’s 
business, results and financial condition and ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms 
acceptable to BNG Bank. 
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has called into question the actions and commercial soundness of 
other financial institutions and has highlighted the potential impact to market liquidity. The adverse impact 
on the credit quality of BNG Bank's customers and counterparties, coupled with a decline in collateral 
values, could lead to a reduction in recoverability and value of BNG Bank's assets and higher levels of 
impairment allowances, which could have an adverse effect on BNG Bank's prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
3. A stalling of economic recovery in Europe may adversely affect BNG Bank's business and financial 
condition. 
Growth forecasts for some of the largest European economies were in the process of being significantly 
revised at the start of 2021. Although a modest recovery in the Eurozone is forecast for the second half of 
2021, the uncertainty around COVID-19 means that any such recovery is susceptible to decline if countries 
are not able to control a new wave of infections. The forecasts for the four largest economies in the 
Eurozone, and the Eurozone itself, have been impacted by the severe recession as a result of the prolonged 
disruption and lockdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the IMF is expecting real GDP in 
2 Source: The Government of the Netherlands.
3 Source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek).
4 Source: CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis (Centraal Planbureau).
5 Source: CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis (Centraal Planbureau).
6 Source: IMF: World Economic Outlook 2020.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Germany, France, Italy, Spain and the Eurozone itself to modestly grow by 3.6%, 5.8%, 4.2%, 6.4% and 
4.4%, respectively in 2021.7 In an attempt to mitigate the economic fallout caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic, various fiscal initiatives as well as an expanded QE program of the ECB have been implemented. 
These measures are designed to improve confidence in Eurozone equities and encourage private bank 
lending however there remains considerable uncertainty as to whether such measures, will be sufficient to 
ensure economic recovery or avert the threat of sovereign default should waves of infection continue in 
2021.  
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on BNG Bank's prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
B. Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation  
1. BNG Bank has significant counterparty risk exposure, which could negatively affect BNG Bank's 
financial condition and results of operations. 
BNG Bank is subject to general credit risks, including counterparty risks of borrowers. Third parties that 
owe BNG Bank money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under their obligations. These 
parties include borrowers under loans issued by BNG Bank, the issuers whose securities BNG Bank holds, 
customers, counterparties under swap and credit and other derivative contracts, clearing agents and central 
clearing houses, exchanges and other financial intermediaries. These parties may default on their 
obligations to BNG Bank due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy, operational 
failure, systemic failure or for other reasons. Any such default(s), whether on an individual basis (in the 
instances of a material exposure) or when aggregated with other defaults (such as during an economic 
downturn), could lead to losses for BNG Bank which could have a material adverse effect on BNG Bank's 
financial condition and results of operations. 
2. BNG Bank is subject to liquidity risks and adverse capital and credit market conditions may impact BNG 
Bank's ability to access liquidity as well as the cost of credit. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that BNG Bank, although solvent, is at any given moment unable to meet its 
payment obligations due to insufficient financial resources or can only secure such financial resources at 
excessive cost. BNG Bank requires liquidity in its day-to-day business activities primarily to replace or 
repay its maturing liabilities, pay interest on its debt and pay its operating expenses. The principal source 
of liquidity for BNG Bank is the wholesale lending markets, although further liquidity is available through 
deposits and entrusted funds and cash flow from its investment portfolio and assets, consisting mainly of 
cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash, by using it as collateral for lending from the ECB.  
During the global economic and financial crisis credit markets worldwide experienced severe reductions in 
the availability of financing for prolonged periods.  Following a period of relative stability and growth in 
the period after the crisis, global financial market prices have shown high volatility over the last few months, 
reflecting evolving perceptions of the mix of data and policy news. Market conditions including high 
indebtedness, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, trade tensions and policy uncertainty have given rise 
to pessimism in the market regarding global growth. On the back of the re-assessment of the underlying 
global economic outlook and more dovish messages from key central banks, investors shifted from riskier 
assets to safer ones, driving equity markets and sovereign bond yields lower. Volatility in the global credit 
markets could have a material adverse impact on the availability of funding and the cost of obtaining such 
funding.  
In addition, the market perception of counterparty risk between banks changed significantly as a result of 
the global economic and financial crisis. Uncertainty regarding the market perception of credit risk across 
financial institutions may lead to reductions in access to traditional sources of funding, such as the 
wholesale lending markets, or increases in the costs of accessing such funding. During 2020, BNG Bank's 
total long-term funding decreased to €15.1 billion (2019: €17.5 billion). 
The availability and cost of financing depend on a variety of factors such as the market conditions referred 
to above, as well as the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the availability of 
credit to the financial services industry, counterparty risk, an issuer's credit ratings and credit capacity, as 
7 Source: IMF: World Economic Outlook 2020.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of an issuer's long- or 
short-term financial prospects. BNG Bank's access to funds and the cost of obtaining such funds is 
significantly influenced by the views of rating agencies. If BNG Bank's access to the capital markets were 
to decline or the cost of accessing such markets should increase significantly or if BNG Bank is unable to 
attract other sources of financing, these developments could have an adverse effect on BNG Bank's liquidity 
position and its financial condition and results of operations. 
3. Volatility in interest rates, credit spreads and markets may adversely affect BNG Bank's prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
BNG Bank's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates arises from differences in interest rates and terms 
between lending and borrowing. In a period of changing interest rates (and volatile spreads), interest 
expense may increase at different rates than the interest earned on assets. Accordingly, changes in interest 
rates could decrease interest income, BNG Bank's primary source of revenue. In addition, changes in 
interest rates may negatively affect the value of BNG Bank's assets and its ability to realize gains or avoid 
losses from the sale of those assets, all of which also ultimately affect profit. Changes in interest rates may 
also result in unrealized losses that may be required to be recognized in the income statement or in equity 
on the balance sheet. Furthermore, an increase in interest rates (or spreads) may decrease the demand for 
loans. Accordingly, changes in prevailing interest rates and/or widening of liquidity and credit spreads may 
negatively affect BNG Bank's prospects, financial condition and results of operations. See "BNG Bank's 
business and results of operations may be negatively affected by actual or perceived local and global 
economic and financial market conditions" as to how the effects of such volatility and an expansionary 
monetary policy can impact on BNG Bank and the business and economic environment in which it operates 
BNG Bank's revenues and exposure to interest rate risk also depend on its ability to properly identify any 
mark-to-market changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices, rates and 
spreads. The volatile market conditions over the past several years have resulted in significant changes in 
the value of mark-to-market assets. Although BNG Bank recorded a (unrealised) positive market value 
adjustment in 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
4. Rating downgrades could have an adverse impact on BNG Bank's operations and financial condition.  
Ratings are important to BNG Bank's business for a number of reasons. Among these reasons are BNG 
Bank's ability to issue debt instruments and the risk weighting of certain assets held by BNG Bank. BNG 
Bank has credit ratings from Standard & Poor's, Fitch and Moody's. Each of the rating agencies reviews its 
ratings and rating methodologies on a recurring basis and may decide on a downgrade BNG Bank at any 
time, including as a result in a change to its methodology.  
On 24 November 2015, Standard & Poor's upgraded BNG Bank's rating from "AA+" to "AAA", with a 
stable outlook. The upgrade reflected a similar action on the credit rating of the State of Netherlands on 20 
November 2015. On 15 July 2020, Standard & Poor's affirmed such AAA rating and stable outlook. In 
accordance with Standard & Poor's criteria for rating government-related entities, they believe that there is 
an "almost certain" likelihood that BNG Bank as a government-related entity would receive sufficient 
extraordinary support from the Dutch government in the event of financial distress. As a result, Standard & 
Poor's has equalised BNG Bank's long-term ratings with that of the Netherlands. Standard & Poor's opinion 
of an "almost certain" likelihood of government support for BNG Bank reflects its view that BNG Bank 
plays a "critical role" for the Dutch government through its key public policy mandate and has an "integral" 
link with the Dutch government as Standard & Poor's considers BNG Bank as an extension of the 
government. 
On 17 March 2015, Moody's changed the outlook on BNG Bank's long-term rating from negative to stable 
following Moody's final assessment of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") (adopted 
by the European Parliament and Council in May 2014) and the Single Resolution Mechanism regulation 
(approved by the European Parliament in April 2014) (Regulation 806/2014, "SRM Regulation") and the 
application of its new methodology for banks. On 20 December 2020, Moody's affirmed BNG Bank's Aaa 
long-term rating and stable outlook.  
On 28 March 2019, Fitch revised BNG Bank's AA+ rating to AAA and its outlook remained unchanged at 
stable, following finalisation of BNG Bank's resolution strategy and the approval by the SRB of a simplified

--- Page 21 ---
21 
obligations plan for BNG Bank. On 17 February 2021, Fitch affirmed such AAA rating and stable outlook. 
Fitch believes that the adoption of the simplified obligations plan for BNG Bank reduces the risk of losses 
for senior creditors in a resolution because it substantially decreases the likelihood of a resolution being 
triggered. Fitch has stated that it continues to factor in Dutch state support for BNG Bank despite the 
implementation of BRRD in the Netherlands. Fitch stated that it is highly likely that support from the Dutch 
State would be arranged in accordance with the private investor test as part of state aid considerations 
reducing the likelihood of resolution being triggered. 
Notwithstanding any rating agency's view that BNG Bank is a "government-related entity" and that BNG 
Bank is highly likely to receive support from the State of the Netherlands as part of state aid considerations, 
investors should note that BNG Bank is not a government entity and its debt (including the Notes) are not 
direct or indirect obligations of the State of the Netherlands or guaranteed in any way by the State of the 
Netherlands and there is no guarantee that any such support from the State of the Netherlands will be 
received.  
Any rating action taken by a rating agency with respect to the State of the Netherlands would be expected 
to impact BNG Bank's ratings. In the event of a downgrade or a notice of a possible downgrade or negative 
outlook with respect to BNG Bank or if BNG Bank is placed on credit watch, BNG Bank's cost of issuing 
debt instruments might increase, having an adverse effect on net profit and potentially impacting BNG 
Bank's competitive position with its clients in the public sector and its financial condition. 
C. Internal control risk 
1. BNG Bank may be unable to manage its risks successfully through derivatives. 
BNG Bank employs various economic hedging strategies with the objective of mitigating the market risks 
that are inherent in its business and operations. These risks include currency fluctuations, changes in the 
fair value of its investments and the impact of interest rate and credit and liquidity spread changes as well 
as other factors described in this section. BNG Bank seeks to mitigate these risks by, among other things, 
entering into a number of derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forward contracts. To 
limit the volatility in year-on-year earnings, BNG Bank uses micro and macro fair value hedging under 
IFRS as well as economic activities hedging. From 1 January 2018, IFRS 9 incorporated new hedge 
accounting rules, which BNG Bank has applied, with the exception of the macro hedge accounting rules, 
in lieu of which BNG Bank continues to apply IAS 39 rules. In 2020, BNG recognised a decrease of €2 
million (2020: increase of €3 million) as effective value adjustment of hedging instruments in equity (cash 
flow hedge reserve) by virtue of cash flow hedging. As a result of applying IFRS 9, a shift in the forward 
looking consensus view of economic conditions may cause more volatility in, or higher levels of, loan loss 
provisions which can negatively impact the costs of managing its risk through derivatives. 
Developing an effective strategy for dealing with these risks is complex, and no strategy can completely 
insulate BNG Bank from all risks associated with market fluctuations and market stresses. BNG Bank's 
hedging strategies inevitably rely on assumptions and projections regarding its assets and liabilities, general 
market factors and the creditworthiness of its counterparties that may prove to be incorrect or prove to be 
inadequate. Accordingly, BNG Bank's hedging activities may not have the desired beneficial impact on its 
financial condition, results of operations or in limiting volatility in earnings. Poorly designed strategies or 
improperly executed transactions could actually increase BNG Bank's risks and lead to financial losses. If 
BNG Bank terminates a hedging arrangement, it may also be required to pay additional costs, such as 
transaction fees or breakage costs. BNG Bank's hedging strategies and the derivatives that it uses and may 
use may not adequately mitigate or offset the risk of interest rate and currency volatility, and BNG Bank's 
hedging transactions may result in losses. 
2. BNG Bank's risk management methods may leave it exposed to unidentified, unanticipated, or incorrectly 
quantified risks, which could lead to material losses or material increases in liabilities. 
In the course of its business activities, BNG Bank is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of 
which are market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, volatility risk, credit and counterparty risk, model 
risk, funding risk and operational risk. BNG Bank's revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its 
ability to properly identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices, 
rates and spreads. BNG Bank's earnings are dependent upon the effectiveness of BNG Bank's management

--- Page 22 ---
22 
of migrations in credit quality and risk concentrations, the accuracy of BNG Bank's valuation models and 
critical accounting estimates. Extreme market volatility could make it difficult, or in some cases impossible, 
to value some of the financial instruments that BNG Bank holds. Market volatility may also result in 
significant unrealized losses or impairment losses on such financial instruments. Although BNG Bank 
believes it has implemented, and will continue to implement, appropriate policies, systems and processes 
to control and mitigate these risks, including to manage fluctuations in fair value, investors should note that 
any failure to adequately control these risks could result in adverse effects on BNG Bank's financial 
condition, results of operations and reputation. 
BNG Bank devotes significant resources to developing risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods for its banking business. BNG Bank analyses the susceptibility to interest rate 
fluctuation per time interval (delta analysis) and rating models as well as unexpected loss models for credit 
risk. It also makes use of other risk assessment methods, such as scenario analysis and stress testing. BNG 
Bank’s models are listed in a model inventory and subject to a model governance policy and a model 
validation policy. Risk characteristics of financial instrument are identified in a product approval and 
review process (PARP). Together, these risk assessment methods provide a basis for ensuring the 
transparency and manageability of risks. Regarding its active interest rate position, BNG Bank makes use 
of a benchmark that restricts these risks in relation to the return that would be gained from that benchmark. 
Nonetheless, such risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating risk 
exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that BNG Bank 
fails to identify or anticipate. Some of BNG Bank's qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk are based 
upon the use of observed historical market behaviour. BNG Bank applies statistical and other tools to these 
observations to arrive at quantifications of risk exposures. These tools and metrics may fail to predict or 
may incorrectly predict future risk exposures. Moreover, these observations or information may not be 
accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Thus, BNG Bank's losses could be 
significantly greater than such measures would indicate. In addition, BNG Bank's quantified modelling 
does not take all risks into account. BNG Bank's more qualitative approach to managing risks takes into 
account a broader set of risks, but is less precise than quantified modelling and could prove insufficient. In 
addition, certain risks could be greater than BNG Bank's empirical data would otherwise indicate. There 
can, therefore, be no assurance that BNG Bank's risk management and internal control policies and 
procedures will adequately control, or protect BNG Bank against, all credit and other risks. Unanticipated 
or incorrectly quantified risk exposures could result in material losses for BNG Bank. 
3. Although BNG Bank manages its operational risks, these risks remain an inherent part of BNG Bank's 
businesses and failure to manage these risks could harm BNG Bank's business and reputation. 
BNG Bank's business inherently generates operational risks. Its business is dependent on processing a large 
number of complex transactions across numerous and diverse products, and is subject to a number of 
different legal and regulatory regimes. 
The operational risks that BNG Bank faces include the possibility of inadequate or failed internal or external 
processes or systems, human error, regulatory breaches, including inadequate compliance with internal and 
external laws, errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems, employee misconduct 
and associated integrity risk, and external events such as fraud. These events could result in financial loss 
and harm BNG Bank's reputation. Additionally, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect BNG 
Bank's operations and results. The requirement for various personnel to work remotely as a result of 
COVID-19 containment measures raises the likelihood of the foregoing risks arising 
Although BNG Bank has devoted substantial resources to developing its operational risk management 
policies and procedures, and expects to continue to do so in the future, there can be no assurance that these 
will be adequate or effective. Any material deficiency in BNG Bank's operational risk management or other 
internal control policies or procedures may expose BNG Bank to significant credit, liquidity, or market 
risks, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on BNG Bank's business, results of operations and 
financial condition.
4. The IT and other systems on which BNG Bank depends for its day-to-day operations may fail for a variety 
of reasons that may be outside BNG Bank's control and there is an increasing risk of cyber-attacks. 
BNG Bank's operations are highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large 
number of transactions, some of which are complex, while complying with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
BNG Bank's financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to 
operate properly or may become disabled, which may have an adverse effect on BNG Bank's ability to 
process transactions or provide services. Other factors which could cause BNG Bank's operating systems 
to fail or not operate properly include a deterioration in the quality of IT development, support and 
operations processes and, in particular, high turnover of employees in combination with changes in the 
structure and governance of BNG Bank, resulting in an inadequate number of personnel to handle the 
growth and increasing complexity of operations. The risk of an operating system failing or not operating 
properly is exacerbated by requirements to work remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. Critical system 
failure and/or prolonged loss of service could cause serious damage to BNG Bank's ability to service its 
clients and could cause long-term damage to BNG Bank's business and reputation. For example, any breach 
in security of BNG Bank's systems from increasingly sophisticated attacks by cybercrime groups, could 
have a significant negative effect on BNG Bank's reputation, result in the disclosure of confidential 
information, and create potential financial and legal exposure. In this regard, BNG Bank has noted a 
generally increasing number of attempted electronic intrusions in the industry in recent years, some of 
which have resulted in severe disruptions of the IT systems of other Dutch financial institutions, particularly 
Dutch commercial banks. Despite BNG Bank's significant expenditures on its IT systems, there can be no 
assurance that these expenditures will be sufficient or that its IT systems will function as planned. Any 
disruption in, or any breach in security of, BNG Bank's or other third-party service provider's IT or other 
systems may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
5. BNG Bank is reliant on third parties to which it has outsourced certain functions and interruption of 
services  and/or failures by such third parties may adversely affect BNG Bank’s business, reputation results 
of operations or financial condition. 
BNG Bank relies on third-party providers for substantial parts of its IT services. Any interruption in the 
services of its current, or any future, third party or deterioration in its performance of the outsourced services 
could impair the timing and quality of BNG Bank's services to its clients. Furthermore, if the contracts with 
one or more of its third-party providers are terminated (or with any third-party provider or providers of 
critical services in the future), BNG Bank may not find alternative service providers on a timely basis or 
on as favourable terms or may suffer disruption as a result of the transition of functions to the new services 
provider. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect BNG Bank's business, reputation, 
results of operations or financial condition. 
D. Legal and regulatory risk 
1. BNG Bank is subject to substantial regulation and oversight. Significant regulatory developments and 
changes in the approach of BNG Bank's regulators could have a material adverse effect on BNG Bank's 
operations or profitability.  
BNG Bank is subject to detailed banking and other financial services laws and government regulation in 
the Netherlands. De Nederlandsche Bank N.V. ("DNB") and the AFM have broad administrative powers 
over many aspects of the financial services business, permitted investments, ethical issues, anti-money 
laundering, privacy, record keeping, and marketing and selling practices. 
Requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity, as proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee")`have been implemented in the European Union through, 
among others, the Capital Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU, "CRD IV Directive") and the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation 575/2013 as amended, "CRR", together with the CRD IV 
Directive, "CRD IV”) while the finalised Basel III reforms (the "Basel III Reforms") (informally referred 
to as Basel IV) were published on 7 December 2017.  
Following negotiations between the European Commission, the European Parliament and the European 
Council, the final legislation implementing these proposals was published in the EU banking package 
adopted in May 2019 (the 'EU Banking Reforms') and the Official Journal on 7 June 2019. The legislation 
consists of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 and 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 and came into force on 27 June 2019 (the "EU Banking Reforms"), with 
certain provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions gradually being phased in and/or being 
subject to national implementation.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The EU Banking Reforms covers multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, 
mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, 
macroprudential tools, the MREL framework and the integration of the Financial Stability Board's proposed 
minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. 
Although BNG Bank currently expects that neither the EU Banking Reforms nor the Basel III Reforms will 
materially negatively affect its ongoing compliance with the requirements laid down therein, further 
changes to regulatory capital requirements may have an adverse effect on BNG Bank’s business. 
The EU Banking Reforms are wide-ranging and cover multiple areas, including a binding 3% leverage 
ratio, the introduction of a binding detailed net stable funding ratio ("NSFR"), permission for reducing own 
funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new category of 'non-preferred' senior debt total loss-
absorbing capacity ("TLAC") standard, an amendment of the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities ("MREL") framework to align it with the TLAC standard and the transposition of the 
fundamental review of the trading book ("FRTB") conclusions into EU legislation.  
Conditional on certain criteria, the provisions for the 3% binding leverage ratio allows an institution to 
deduct certain exposures from the exposure measure. One such deduction is the deduction of exposures 
arising from assets that constitute claims on central governments, regional government, local authorities or 
public sector entities in relation to public sector investments and promotional loans under the condition that 
the institution is a public development credit institution.  
IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' became effective as per 1 January 2018 and results in loan loss provisions 
that may be recognised earlier, on a more forward looking basis and on a broader scope of financial 
instruments than was previously the case under IAS 39. BNG Bank has applied the classification, 
measurement and impairments requirements retrospectively by adjusting the opening balance sheet and 
opening equity as at 1 January 2018. As a result of applying IFRS 9, a shift in the forward looking consensus 
view of economic conditions may materially impact the models used to calculate loan loss provisions under 
IFRS 9 and cause more volatility in, or higher levels of, loan loss provisions, any of which could adversely 
affect BNG Bank's results, financial condition or regulatory capital position.  
In response to these accounting changes BNG Bank has made and may need to continue to make 
adjustments to its risk management processes which in turn may require additional investment in systems 
and additional staff. 
In addition, the introduction of, and changes to, taxes, levies or fees applicable to BNG Bank's operations 
(such as the introduction of a bank levy and a 'thin capitalisation rule' (as further described under "Risk 
related to the Dutch thin capitalisation rule" below) and the imposition of a financial transaction tax (as 
further described under "Financial Transaction Tax" below)) has had and may in the future have an adverse 
effect on its business and/or results of operations. For example, in 2012 a Dutch bank levy was introduced, 
which, at an amount of €34 million for 2020 (2019: €30 million and 2018: €31 million), had a significant 
adverse impact on BNG Bank's results of operations in recent years. Furthermore, pursuant to the BRRD 
and SRM Regulation, BNG Bank is required make contributions to the single resolution fund ("SRF"). In 
2020, BNG Bank contributed €8 million (2019: €8 million) to the SRF and expects to contribute €10.3 
million again in 2021. However, the 2021 contribution this is likely to be off-set by the expected refunds 
of €1.1 million  and €7.7 million following the opportunity to adjust its statement for the contributions paid 
in 2015 and 2016 respectively. These contributions present a significant financial burden to BNG Bank. 
Although scheduled implementation deadlines are commonly not met, no reversals of proposed new laws 
and regulations should be expected. Nearly all of the proposals will increase, either directly or indirectly, 
the burden on financial institutions. In addition to the implementation costs, measures such as the bank 
levy, the obligation to centrally clear swap transactions imposed by EU Regulation 648/2012 on over-the-
counter ("OTC") derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories (commonly known as the 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation, or "EMIR"), contributions to the SRF and the significant 
increase in disclosure requirements will result in permanently higher costs. 
In April 2020, the European Commission adopted a banking package to facilitate bank lending to 
households and businesses throughout the European Union and mitigate the significant economic impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. The banking package is intended to encourage banks to make full use of the 
flexibility embedded in the EU's existing prudential and accounting framework and provides market

--- Page 25 ---
25 
participants with a uniform interpretation of this flexibility. The banking package also proposed 
amendments to the CRR to inter alia (i) extend current transitional arrangements regarding the application 
of international accounting standards on banks' capital for two years, (ii) postpone the date of the new 
leverage ratio buffer requirement on Globally Systemically Important Institutions ("G-SIIs") by one year 
to 1 January 2023, (iii) extend existing preferential treatment given to non-performing loans that are 
guaranteed by the public sector and (iv) temporarily exclude certain exposures to central banks from the 
leverage ratio. The European Commission has requested that the European Parliament and the Council 
expedite the discussion of its proposals in order to adopt the targeted amendments to the CRR by June 2020. 
On 26 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 
2020 amending CRR as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic (commonly 
referred to as CRR "quick fix") was published. BNG Bank did not make use of any of the additional 
flexibility offered by the CRR "quick fix" measures. 
Although it is difficult to predict what impact the recent regulatory changes, developments and heightened 
levels of scrutiny will have on BNG Bank, the enactment of legislation and regulations in the Netherlands, 
changes in other regulatory requirements and the transition to direct supervision by the ECB, have resulted 
in increased capital and liquidity requirements, changes in the level of contributions to resolution funds, 
and/or increased operating costs and have impacted, and are expected to continue to impact, BNG Bank's 
business.  
2. Risks related to the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD and SRM Regulation  
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
("SRM Regulation") provide for the European framework for the recovery and resolution of (amongst 
others) ailing banks, certain investment firms and certain of their group entities. 
The BRRD has been transposed into Dutch law pursuant to the Act implementing the European framework 
for the recovery and resolution of banks and investment firms (Implementatiewet Europees kader voor 
herstel en afwikkeling van banken en beleggingsondernemingen), which entered into force on 26 November 
2015. BNG Bank is subject to the BRRD as implemented in Dutch law. On 7 June 2019, the BRRD was 
amended with effect from 27 June 2019 by a further directive ("BRRD II") as part of the EU Banking 
Reforms in order to implement, amongst other things, the TLAC standard by adapting the existing regime 
relating to MREL. BRRD II must be transposed into national law no later than 28 December 2020 with 
national regulators having until 1 January 2024 at the latest to impose full MREL requirements on firms. 
Currently, BRRD II has not yet been transposed into Dutch law. 
The SRM Regulation applies to banks subject to the single supervisory mechanism ("SSM") pursuant to 
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 and Regulation (EU) No 1022/2013, such as BNG Bank, and 
provides for a single resolution framework ("SRM") in respect of such banks. This includes both significant 
and less significant banks. The SRM Regulation has been fully applicable since 1 January 2016 and prevails 
over the implementation in national law of the BRRD where it concerns the resolution of such banks. The 
SRM Regulation also provides for the establishment of a European Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), 
which will be responsible for the effective and consistent functioning of the SRM. The SRB acts as the 
competent resolution authority for (inter alia) significant banks under the SSM, such as BNG Bank, and is 
in that capacity responsible for adopting resolution decisions in respect of such banks. 
The BRRD, as implemented in Dutch law, provides DNB in its capacity as competent national resolution 
authority with the powers necessary to implement the resolution decisions taken by the SRB in respect of 
significant banks in the Netherlands, such as BNG Bank. In addition, the ECB, as the competent supervisory 
authority in respect of significant banks, is allowed to take certain recovery measures in the event the 
financial condition of a bank is deteriorating (subject to further conditions). Such measures could pertain, 
amongst others, to a change of the legal or operational structure, the removal of (individuals within) senior 
management or the management body and the appointment of a temporary administrator. 
To support bail-in, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") applies under 
the BRRD and SRM Regulation. The MREL is subject to ongoing change, and is expected to become more 
stringent. If BNG Bank were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to 
reduce its lending or investments in other operations which would have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial position and results of operations of BNG Bank.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
If BNG Bank is deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions apply) the SRB may decide to 
write-down, cancel or convert relevant capital instruments of BNG Bank, independently or in combination 
with a resolution action. The SRB shall ensure that DNB will exercise the write-down and conversion 
powers pursuant to the BRRD, as implemented in Dutch law, in order to write-down, cancel or convert the 
relevant capital instruments into shares or other instruments of ownership, and in accordance with a certain 
order of priority. 
If BNG Bank is deemed to be failing or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would also be met, 
the SRB may decide to place BNG Bank under resolution. As part of the resolution scheme to be adopted 
by the SRB, it may decide to apply certain resolution tools, subject to the general resolution objectives and 
principles laid down in the SRM Regulation. These resolution tools include the sale of the business tool, 
the bridge institution tool and the asset separation tool, each of which, in summary, provides for a transfer 
of certain assets and/or liabilities of the institution under resolution to a third party. In addition, the SRM 
provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool may be applied to absorb losses recapitalise BNG Bank or 
convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments (such as the Notes) of BNG 
Bank that have been transferred pursuant to one of the aforementioned transfer tools. The bail-in tool 
extends further than the relevant capital instruments of BNG Bank, and may also result in the write-down 
or conversion of liabilities subject to bail-in of BNG Bank (such as the Notes) in accordance with a certain 
order of priority. In order to ensure the effectiveness of the bail-in tool, the SRM prescribes at all times a 
MREL which may be subject to the bail-in tool. 
According to the SRM Regulation, the national resolution authorities shall take the necessary action to 
implement decisions of the SRB. They shall exercise their powers granted to them under the BRRD, as 
implemented in national law. In addition to the resolution powers described above, DNB has been granted 
certain other resolution and ancillary powers to implement any resolution decision by the SRB in respect 
of BNG Bank. It may for instance decide to terminate or amend any agreement (including a debt instrument) 
to which BNG Bank is a party or replace BNG Bank as a party thereto. Furthermore, DNB may, subject to 
certain conditions, suspend the exercise of certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis BNG Bank or suspend 
the performance of payment or delivery obligations of BNG Bank. In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, 
certain counterparty rights may be excluded in the event such rights come into existence or become 
enforceable as a result of any recovery or resolution measure or any event in connection therewith (subject 
to further conditions). 
The EU Banking Reforms (as described above under "BNG Bank is subject to substantial regulation and 
oversight. Significant regulatory developments and changes in the approach of BNG Bank's regulators 
could have a material adverse effect on BNG Bank's operations or profitability") include various 
amendments to the BRRD and SRM framework. Among others, the EU Banking Reforms implement the 
TLAC standard as well as an amendment of the MREL framework to integrate the TLAC standard. The 
TLAC standard adopted by the Financial Stability Board aims to ensure that G-SIBs have sufficient loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity available in resolution. To maintain coherence between the MREL 
rules (which apply to both G-SIBs and non-G-SIBs) and the TLAC standards, the EU Banking Reforms 
also include a number of changes to the MREL rules applicable to non-G-SIBs, such as BNG Bank, 
including (without limitation) the criteria for eligibility of liabilities for MREL. Furthermore, the EU 
Banking Reforms also include Directive (EU) 2017/2399 (Bank Creditor Hierarchy) which entered into 
force on 28 December 2017 amending the BRRD (the "BRRD Amendment Directive"). The BRRD 
Amendment Directive provides for an EU-harmonised approach on bank creditors' insolvency ranking that 
enables banks to issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt, ranking just below the most 
senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution, while still being part of the senior 
unsecured debt category. The EU Banking Reforms also contains a moratorium tool allowing for the 
suspension of certain contractual obligations for a short period of time in resolution as well as in the early 
intervention phase. As such, the EU Banking Reforms may affect BNG Bank (including with regard to the 
MREL it must maintain in the future (as described in more detail under "Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive and Bail-in Tool" above)) and the Notes (including with regard to their ranking in insolvency and 
their being at risk of being bailed-in, which risk is however not expected to become lower or higher, 
respectively). The BRRD Amendment Directive had to be implemented by each Member State by 29 
December 2018 and was implemented into Dutch law on 14 December 2018. 
On 14 September 2020, the SRB announced that the MREL requirement for BNG Bank is 10.25% Total 
Risk Exposure Amount and 3% Total Exposure Measure. BNG Bank has to comply with this requirement 
per 1 January 2022. Based on the current SRB guidelines, an MREL requirement equal to the Loss

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Absorption Amount, consisting of pillar 1 and pillar 2 requirements plus the combined buffer requirement 
applies. Hence, BNG Bank’s current capitalisation is sufficient to meet the MREL requirements. In two 
years, the SRB will evaluate the decision taken in accordance with legislation. It is uncertain how any future 
decisions of the SRB will affect BNG Bank or Noteholders but it cannot be excluded that any future 
decision may negatively impact BNG Bank's financial condition and results of operations. 
Finally, the Dutch Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen or 
Interventiewet) provides the Dutch Minister of Finance with certain powers to intervene in a bank or its 
parent undertaking established in the Netherlands, such as BNG Bank, if the Dutch Minister of Finance 
deems that the stability of the financial system is in serious and immediate danger due to the situation that 
bank is in. These powers may result in the expropriation by the Dutch State of assets or liabilities of BNG 
Bank, claims against it, and securities (such as the Notes) issued by or with the cooperation of BNG Bank. 
Also, the Dutch Minister of Finance may take certain immediate measures which may deviate from 
statutory provisions or from the articles of association of BNG Bank. As a result of the entry into force of 
the SRM and the implementation of the BRRD, the foregoing powers have been referred to by the Dutch 
legislator as constituting state emergency regulations and it is expected that these will only be applied if the 
SRM and BRRD regime would not be effective. The exclusion of certain rights against BNG Bank, as 
discussed above, applies similarly in this context. 
3. Risk related to the Dutch thin capitalisation rule 
Since 1 January 2020, a specific thin capitalisation rule applies to licensed banks and insurers with a 
registered office in the Netherlands and foreign banks and insurers with a permanent establishment in the 
Netherlands. In short, the rule applies to licensed banks and insurance companies and limits the interest 
deduction if the licenced bank’s leverage ratio or licenced insurance company's own funds ratio is less than 
9 per cent. (to be determined on the basis of a set of specific provisions that refer, amongst others, to the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 and Solvency II 2009/138/EG and (EU) No. 2015/35). 
This new thin capitalisation rule may have an adverse impact on the amount of interest the Issuer can deduct 
for Dutch corporate income tax purposes and thus on its financial position and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes, with the expectation of an additional tax burden on BNG Bank in the amount 
of €24 million in 2021.  
4. Risk related to the Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain transactions 
relating to the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Under the 
Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain transactions relating to the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or deemed to be, 'established' in a participating Member State 
in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State, or (b) where the financial instrument which is the subject of the transaction is issued in a 
participating Member State.  
However, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Given the lack of certainty surrounding the 
proposals and their implementation, it is not possible to predict what effect the proposed FTT might have 
on the business of the Issuer; it could materially adversely affect its business. Prospective holders of the 
Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
E. Risks related to the admission of the securities to trading on a regulated market 
1. Liquidity risk: Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Liquidity could be affected by a number of factors, including the 
introduction of a financial transaction tax. Investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes will generally have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have 
a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
2. Exchange rate risk and exchange controls can result in adverse effects on yield, principle payable and 
the market value of the Notes. 
Unless the Issuer makes use of the exceptions stated in Conditions 9(m), 9(m.1) and 9(n), the Issuer will 
pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Payment of principal and/or interest on the Notes may be made in a currency other than the Specified 
Currency, in accordance with Conditions 9(m), 9(m.1) and 9(n), if: 
(i)
the Notes are denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes"): The Issuer may settle payments due 
in Renminbi (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar equivalent of 
any such Renminbi amount. See also "Risks relating to Renminbi Notes" below; 
(ii)
non-U.S. dollar Notes held through Depositary Trust Company ("DTC") and represented by the 
Restricted Global Note Certificate: Payments of principal and interest in respect of such Notes will 
be made in U.S. dollars unless the holder of such Notes elects to receive payments in the Specified 
Currency; or 
(iii)
the Notes are non-Euro denominated: If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
settle any payment due in respect of such Notes in a currency other than the Specified Currency 
on the due date for such payment if the Specified Currency is not available on the foreign exchange 
markets due to (i) the imposition of exchange controls, (ii) the Specified Currency's replacement 
or disuse, or (iii) other circumstances beyond the Issuer's control. 
If any of the above events occurs, a prospective investor should be aware that payment of principal and/or 
interest may occur in a different currency than expected. As a result, investors may need to convert 
payments made in such a different currency into the Specified Currency for hedging purposes or if the 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in the Specified Currency.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
3. Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by increases in market interest rates  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates increase above the interest rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes this may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the then current market interest rates may be more attractive.  
4. Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks which may affect the 
value of any Tranche of the Notes 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme has been rated AAA by Standard & Poor's, AAA by 
Fitch and Aaa by Moody's. Tranches of Notes that may be issued under the Programme can be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Such ratings will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Programme, the Issuer 
or to Notes already issued. One or more independent credit rating agencies may also assign credit ratings 
to the Notes and/or BNG Bank. Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value 
of any Tranche of Notes. In addition, any negative change in the credit rating of BNG Bank could adversely 
affect the trading price of the Notes. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In the event 
a rating assigned to the Notes and/or BNG Bank is lowered for any reason, the market value of the Notes 
may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Notes.  
F. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
1. Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer are likely to have a lower market value than Notes 
which are not subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes will generally not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
2. Dual Currency Interest Notes are subject to additional risks when compared to conventional debt 
instruments. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Prospective investors should be aware that: 
(i)
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(ii)
they may receive no interest; and 
(iii)
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected. 
3. Dual Currency Redemption Notes are subject to additional risks when compared to conventional debt 
instruments. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal payable in one or more currencies which may be different from 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Prospective investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
payment of principal may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
(ii) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal. 
4. Variable Interest Rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor are subject to additional risks 
when compared to conventional debt instruments. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with variable interest rates. Such Notes can be volatile investments. If they are 
structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for Notes that do not include those 
features. 
5. Reverse Floater Interest Notes are subject to additional risks when compared to conventional debt 
instruments. 
The Issuer may issue Reverse Floater Interest Notes. If "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (being Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t)) during any interest period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (being Interest Period(t)) falling within the Fixed Rate Interest 
Period. During such Fixed Rate Interest Period, any increases in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of the Notes. 
The Notes will bear interest at a variable Rate of Interest during any Variable Rate Interest Period, equal to 
the Fix(t), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, minus the Underlying Rate(t) (multiplied by a 
Multiplier(t) specified in the applicable Final Terms), which will be subject to market fluctuations. The 
market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating 
rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms) as the 
Underlying Rate(t). Reverse Floater Interest Notes are more volatile because an increase in the Underlying 
Rate(t) not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest 
rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
As a Multiplier(t) is applied to the Underlying Rate(t), if the Multiplier(t) is higher than 100 per cent. the 
positive performance of the Underlying Rate(t) will be magnified, thereby reducing the interest rate of the 
Notes even further. If the Multiplier(t) is higher than 100 per cent. the negative performance of the 
Underlying Rate(t) will also be magnified, meaning that the interest rate of the Notes will be lower than if 
such negative performance of the Underlying Rate(t) was multiplied by a Multiplier(t) equal to 100 per 
cent. If the Multiplier(t) is less than 100 per cent. any positive performance and negative performance of 
the Underlying Rate(t) will be scaled down. Following positive performance of the Underlying Rate(t), it 
is possible that investors will only receive a Rate of Interest equal to the Floor(t) (to the extent that a Floor 
is applicable). Finally, the Rate of Interest in respect of any Variable Rate Interest Period will be capped at 
the Cap(t), which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. To the extent the difference when the 
Underlying Rate(t) (multiplied by the Multiplier(t)) is subtracted from the Fix(t) is greater than the Cap(t), 
investors may not benefit from the full extent of any negative performance of the Underlying Rate(t) as the 
Rate of Interest will be capped. 
6. Step-Up Interest Notes are subject to additional risks when compared to conventional debt instruments. 
The Issuer may issue Step-Up Interest Notes. If "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, such Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (being Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t)) during any interest period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (being Interest Period(t)) falling within the Fixed Rate Interest Period. During such 
Fixed Rate Interest Period, any increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes.  
The Notes will pay interest at fixed rates during any Variable Rate Interest Period, which increase 
periodically during the life of the Notes by the Step-Up(t), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any 
investors holding these Notes will be subject to the risk that any periodic increases in the Rate of Interest 
for the Notes may not keep pace with any increase in market interest rates, with the consequence that the 
real return on the Notes (and the value of the Notes) will fall.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
7. Step-Down Interest Notes are subject to additional risks when compared to conventional debt 
instruments. 
The Issuer may issue Step-Down Interest Notes. If "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (being Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t)) during any interest period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (being Interest Period(t)) falling within the Fixed Rate Interest Period. During such 
Fixed Rate Interest Period, any increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes.  
The Notes will pay interest at fixed rates during any Variable Rate Interest Period, which decrease 
periodically during the life of the Notes by the Step-Down(t), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any investors holding these Notes will be subject to the risk that any periodic decreases in the Rate of 
Interest for the Notes may not keep pace with any decrease in market interest rates, with the consequence 
that the real return on the Notes (and the value of the Notes) will fall. 
8. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes.  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the 
euro short-term rate ("€STR") as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro 
bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates, such as 
LIBOR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt risk free rates that differ significantly from 
those set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk 
free rate issued under the Base Prospectus or may apply such risk free rates in a manner significantly 
different than set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes (and the same 
could apply in respect of any Successor Rates, Alternative Rates, Benchmark Replacements or SOFR 
Benchmark Replacements (if applicable)), either of which may adversely affect the trading price of the 
Notes.  
(a) SONIA
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") announced 
that the Bank of England's Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been mandated with 
implementing a broad-based transition to SONIA over the following four years across sterling bond, loan 
and derivatives markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by 
the end of 2021. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, 
including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable 
to Notes referencing a SONIA rate that are issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore the Issuer may 
in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA referenced-Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development 
of SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of 
SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced 
Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
(b) SOFR
In June 2017, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the 
"ARRC") announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the 
composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR. SOFR is a broad 
Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions and is not the economic 
equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR. While SOFR is a secured rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate. 
And, while SOFR is currently only an overnight rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR is a forward-looking rate that 
represents interbank funding for a specified term.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR would 
have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the 
market, bank credit risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, 
judicial or other events. For the same reasons, SOFR is not expected to be a comparable replacement for 
U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "Federal Reserve") and is intended to 
be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by Treasury securities. The 
Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that the Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources, the Issuer 
has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices 
of such Notes. The Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. The Federal Reserve has also 
begun publishing historical indicative SOFR rates going back to 2014. Investors should not rely on any 
historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of future changes in SOFR. The Federal Reserve began 
publishing the SOFR Index on 3 March 2020. 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than 
daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as, for example, U.S. dollar LIBOR, during 
corresponding periods, and SOFR may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical 
indicative data. In addition, although changes in Term SOFR and Compounded Daily SOFR generally are 
not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value of the relevant 
Notes may fluctuate more than other securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
According to the ARRC, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial 
contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of 
general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate 
based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, 
as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean 
that market participants would not consider SOFR a suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes 
for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation 
of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of the relevant 
Notes and the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to 
the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes, which may 
adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. The administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify, 
amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of SOFR in its sole discretion and without 
notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, 
amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. 
(c) €STR 
There are on-going workstreams tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments 
and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended €STR as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in 
order to comply with the terms of the BMR, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current 
form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The European Central Bank began to publish €STR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
on 2 October 2019, intended to reflect trading activity on 1 October 2019. The European Central Bank

--- Page 33 ---
33 
notes on its publication page for €STR that use of €STR is subject to important disclaimers. The European 
Central Bank also published pre-€STR up to 30 September 2019. Investors should not rely on any trends 
in the pre-€STR as an indicator of future changes in €STR. 
Prospective investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to €STR should be aware that the market continues to 
develop in relation such risk free rate as reference rates in the capital markets. If the manner in which 
Compounded Daily €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. Accordingly, an investment in Floating 
Rate Notes using €STR as a reference rate may entail significant risks not associated with similar 
investments in conventional debt securities. Prospective investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR. 
(d) Additional risks 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Average or €STR are only capable of being determined at the end of 
the relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Average or €STR to estimate reliably 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity 
of such Notes. Further, in contrast to, for example, EURIBOR or LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Average or €STR 
become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 7 (Events of Default), the rate of 
interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined on the date 
on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates, SOFR reference rates or €STR 
reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption 
of SONIA, SOFR or €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates, SOFR reference 
rates or €STR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Average or 
€STR. 
If any of SOFR, SONIA or €STR do not prove to be widely used as a benchmark in securities that are 
similar or comparable to the relevant Notes, the trading price of such Notes may be lower than those of 
securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. Similarly, market terms for securities that are 
linked to SOFR, SONIA or €STR, including, but not limited to, the spread over the reference rate reflected 
in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and as a result, trading prices of the relevant Notes 
may be lower than those of later-issued securities that are based on SOFR, SONIA or €STR. Investors in 
such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
9. Risks relating to SOFR benchmark transition. 
If Condition 5B.(11) is also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes, 
and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, 
the Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5B.(11)) to determine (in 
consultation with the Issuer) the Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition 
provisions described in Condition 5B.(11). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer 
be determined by reference to the Benchmark, but instead will be determined in accordance with the 
benchmark transition provisions described in Condition 5B.(11).  
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the 
Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in

--- Page 34 ---
34 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect 
the return on, value of and market for such Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of 
any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will 
produce the economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 5B.(11), provides for a "waterfall" 
of alternative rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant Notes if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. The first alternative rate in the waterfall 
for U.S. dollar LIBOR is Term SOFR, a forward-looking rate which will be based on SOFR. However, 
Term SOFR does not exist as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and there is no guarantee that Term SOFR 
will exist prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date. Even if Term 
SOFR is developed, it is unclear whether it will be a suitable replacement or successor for U.S. dollar 
LIBOR. Assuming Term SOFR does not exist at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date, the second alternative rate in the waterfall for U.S. dollar LIBOR is 
Compounded Daily SOFR. Compounded Daily SOFR is the compounded average of daily SOFR rates that 
is expected to be calculated in arrears, while U.S. dollar LIBOR is a forward-looking rate. However, there 
currently is no uniform market convention with respect to the calculation of Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of Term SOFR 
and Compounded Daily SOFR and whether either alternative reference rate is a suitable replacement or 
successor for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
In addition, the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical 
performance. Levels of SOFR following the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative 
data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behavior of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such 
as correlations, may change in the future. While, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, some pre-publication 
historical data have been released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, such analysis inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. The future performance of SOFR is impossible to 
predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR may be inferred from any of the historical actual or 
historical indicative data. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no 
bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" in Condition 
5B.(11) also are uncertain. In particular, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA 
Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date, has not 
been established as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Even after the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially 
determined, ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. If each alternative rate 
referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" is unavailable or indeterminable, the Independent 
Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, will determine the Benchmark Replacement that will apply to the 
relevant Notes. The substitution of a Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect 
the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
10. Notes issued as ESG Bonds (as defined below) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green, social or sustainable assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Notes 
designed as ESG Bonds in connection with green, social or sustainable projects, and/or any failure to meet, 
or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with 
respect to such Notes may affect the value and/or trading price of the Notes, and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social or sustainable assets. 
(a) No assurance that ESG Bonds will satisfy any investor requirements or expectations 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of specified "green", "social" or "sustainability" 
projects of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, in accordance with the applicable ESG Framework (as 
defined below) in such case shall be set out in item 4(i) of Part B (Reasons for the offer) of the applicable 
Final Terms (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "ESG Bonds").

--- Page 35 ---
35 
As described in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from any issue of ESG Bonds to advance loans to BNG’s customers on a targeted basis for the 
purposes of the financing and/or refinancing by such customers of applicable assets, projects and 
expenditures with a positive sustainability impact, which may include sustainable, environmental, green 
and/or social projects (together, "Eligible Sustainable Projects"), in line with any sustainability 
framework(s) that BNG may publish from time to time ("ESG Framework"), and/or which the Issuer 
expects will substantially adhere to the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and/or the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as applicable) as published by the International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA) from time to time (together, the "ICMA Principles"). 
While the ICMA Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no market consensus on 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project or building to be defined as "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" (including, without limitation, the attributes defining a "green building"), and therefore no 
assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such amounts advanced by 
the Issuer to customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the Issuer has 
identified as Eligible Sustainable Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or 
uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects.. 
(b) No formal or consensus definition of a ‘sustainable’ (or similar) security 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a "sustainable note" or market 
consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further 
development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of 
technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the 
eligibility criteria for Eligible Sustainable Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, 
or that any regime implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, 
‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any other) framework 
for such securities. 
(c) No assurance that Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply any 
proceeds of ESG Bonds (or amounts equal thereto) to such Eligible Sustainable Project. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors 
in ESG Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will 
meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
(d) No obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Eligible Sustainable Projects or monitor 
the use of proceeds of ESG Bonds

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Furthermore, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility 
criteria relating to ESG Bonds, (ii) any verification of whether the relevant advance of loans by the Issuer 
or the Eligible Sustainable Projects will satisfy the relevant eligibility criteria, (iii) the monitoring of the 
use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) in connection with the issue of any ESG Bonds or (iv) the 
allocation of the proceeds by the relevant Issuer to particular Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
(e) No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, certification or report of any third party, 
(whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue 
of any ESG Bonds and/or any sustainability framework established by the Issuer, and in particular with any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, and should 
not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
ESG Bonds. Any such opinion or certification will only be current as of the date on which that opinion is 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in any ESG Bonds. As at the date of the Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
(f) No assurance that ESG Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be 
maintained 
If any ESG Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria. Any such event 
or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of ESG Bonds to advance 
loans to customers to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Sustainable Projects, and/or any failure by any 
such customer to apply those funds to Eligible Sustainable Projects as aforesaid, and/or withdrawal of any 
such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer or any of 
BNG Bank’s customers is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any ESG Bond no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, will not (i) give rise to any claim of 
a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) constitute an Event of Default under 
any ESG Bond or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any 
other purpose or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any ESG Bond or give 
any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes. 
(g) Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such ESG Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
the Issuer’s lending for Eligible Sustainable Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, 
without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their ESG Bonds as a result of such Notes 
not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased 
volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of ESG Bonds). 
Investors should be aware that ESG Bonds may also be subject to the resolution tools granted to the 
competent authority under the BRRD in circumstances where the Issuer fails or is likely to fail. Please also 
refer to the interdependent risk factor "The rights of the holders of the Notes may be directly or indirectly 
affected as a result of the exercise by the competent authority of the bail-in tool or other recovery or 
resolution power in respect of BNG Bank and there are limited rights of holders to challenge such rights.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Future bank recovery and resolution regimes may affect the rights of holders of the Notes even further" 
below for further information.  
F. Risks related to Notes generally 
1. Modification and waiver provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if invoked, can 
result in modifications and/or waivers, the result of which may, in certain circumstances, be adverse to one 
or more of the Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally and for the passing of resolutions by way of an Extraordinary 
Resolution, Written Resolution or Electronic Consent (each as defined in the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not participate in the process for obtaining the Written 
Resolution or Electronic Consent) and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority in 
respect of the modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the 
rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes).  
Any such modification may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result the Notes 
may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, regulations may be prescribed by the 
Issuer without the consent of Noteholders to facilitate the holding of meetings of Noteholders and 
attendance and voting at them. Such regulations may, with the consent of the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
provide for the holding of "virtual meetings", being any meeting held by any form of telephony or electronic 
platform or facility and which includes, without limitation, telephone and video conference call and 
application technology systems. 
No consent or approval of Noteholders is required for a variation or amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to any relevant Notes in order to give effect to the provisions of Conditions 5B.(10) 
or 5B.(11). 
2. Notes held in global form are subject to the procedures of the applicable clearing system which could 
restrict transferability of the Notes  
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Note in global form must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC to receive payments under the relevant Notes. 
In relation to any issue of notes held in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) plus a higher integral 
multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination (a "Stub Amount") may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. As long as the Stub Amount is held in the 
relevant clearing system, the Noteholder will be unable to transfer this Stub Amount. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be. 
3. The Notes are, or may be, subject to restrictions on transfer which may restrict investors' investment 
strategy in respect of such Notes  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws 
and the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States, or to or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), except pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction

--- Page 38 ---
38 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws, 
or pursuant to an effective registration statement. The Notes and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions) will contain provisions that will restrict the Notes from being 
offered, sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to the exemptions available pursuant to Rule 144A 
and Regulation S, or other exemptions under the Securities Act. In addition, any offer, sale or transfer of 
Notes into the United States may be made only to QIBs. Investors must ensure that their offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States and other countries comply with all applicable laws, including securities 
laws. Bearer Notes are subject to United States tax law requirements. Bearer Notes may generally not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to United States persons, as those terms are defined 
in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and by the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
thereunder. See "Plan of Distribution" and "Transfer Restrictions". Investors must ensure that their offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States and other countries comply with all applicable laws, 
including, amongst others, the laws mentioned above. If offers and sales of Notes do not comply with all 
applicable laws in relevant jurisdictions, Notes may not be able to be sold, transferred or delivered to certain 
investors and investors may not be able to sell, transfer and deliver Notes to third parties who are residents, 
citizens or holders of securities accounts in such jurisdictions. 
4. Nominee arrangements may result in investors being exposed to credit risk and default risk in respect of 
such nominee 
Where, in the case of an issue of Notes a nominee service provider is used by an investor to hold the relevant 
Notes or such investor holds interests in any Series of Notes through accounts with a clearing system (such 
as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC), such investor will receive payments in respect of 
principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts due, as applicable, solely on the basis of the arrangements 
entered into by the investor with the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system, as the case may 
be. Furthermore, such investor must rely on the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system to 
distribute all payments attributable to the relevant Notes which are received from the Issuer. Accordingly, 
such an investor will be exposed to the credit risk of, and default risk in respect of, the relevant nominee 
service provider or clearing system, as well as the Issuer. 
For the purposes of (a) distributing any notices to Noteholders, and (b) recognising Noteholders for the 
purposes of attending and/or voting at any meetings of Noteholders, the Issuer will recognise as Noteholders 
only those persons who are at any time shown as accountholders in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC as persons holding a principal amount of the relevant Series of 
Notes. Accordingly, an investor must rely upon the nominee service provider which is the accountholder 
with the relevant clearing system through which the investor made arrangements to invest in the Notes (and, 
if applicable, the domestic clearing system through which the Notes are held), to forward notices received 
by it from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and to return the investor's voting 
instructions or voting certificate application to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Accordingly, such an investor will be exposed to the risk that the relevant nominee service provider or 
clearing system may fail to pass on the relevant notice to, or fail to take relevant instructions from, the 
investor. 
In addition, such a Noteholder will only be able to sell any Note held by it prior to its stated maturity date 
with the assistance of the relevant nominee service provider. 
5. Notes issued in New Global Note form are not assured of being recognised as eligible collateral of 
Eurosystem 
The New Global Note ("NGN") form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments 
being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for 
monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. However, in any 
particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the 
relevant time. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
6. A change of law and jurisdiction may adversely affect the value of the Notes

--- Page 39 ---
39 
The conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by Dutch law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch, European or any other applicable 
laws, regulations or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus. Such changes in laws 
may include, but are not limited to, amendments to a variety of statutory resolution and loss-absorption 
tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by BNG Bank, including the Notes, or 
requirements with respect to the minimum levels of own funds and eligible liabilities to be maintained by 
BNG Bank. Any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any Series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. The laws of the 
Netherlands may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective 
investors in its application to the Notes. 
7. The rights of the holders of the Notes may be directly or indirectly affected as a result of the exercise by 
the competent authority of the bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution power in respect of BNG Bank 
and there are limited rights of holders to challenge such rights. Future bank recovery and resolution 
regimes may affect the rights of holders of the Notes even further 
With the implementation of the BRRD into Dutch law, the entry into force of the SRM Regulation and the 
Dutch Intervention Act, the competent authority or resolution authority may decide to take certain measures 
and exercise certain powers thereunder, including the bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution power, in 
such a manner that could result in debt instruments or other liabilities of BNG Bank, including the Notes, 
absorbing losses. The taking of such measures and the exercise of such powers could negatively affect the 
rights of the holders of the Notes or the enforcement thereof, and could result in losses being incurred by 
the holders of the Notes to the extent that the holder of the Notes could lose part or all of its investment in 
the Notes, including any accrued but unpaid interest. The taking of any recovery or resolution measures or 
exercise of any power pursuant thereto could also indirectly negatively affect the position of the holders of 
the Notes. Even if no measures are taken or powers are exercised directly in respect of the Notes, any 
remedies by the holders of the Notes may be restricted, the market value of the Notes may be affected and 
the powers could increase BNG Bank's cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on BNG Bank's 
financial position. 
In addition, whether all or part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to the bail-in tool is 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside BNG Bank's control. Trading 
behaviour in respect of Notes which are subject to the bail-in tool is not necessarily expected to follow 
trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication herein that the Notes may 
become subject to the bail-in tool could have an adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Notes.  
Holders of the Notes may have limited rights to challenge, to demand compensation for losses, seek a 
suspension or nullification of any decision of the competent authority or resolution authority to take certain 
recovery or resolution measures, and exercise the bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution powers to 
implement such measures, to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or 
otherwise, or to exercise any other remedy in this context. 
It is possible that under the BRRD, the SRM Regulation, the Dutch Intervention Act, the EU Banking 
Reforms or any other future similar proposals, any new resolution powers granted by way of statute to the 
SRB, DNB, the ECB, the Dutch Minister of Finance and/or any other relevant authority could be used in 
such a way as to result in the debt instruments of BNG Bank, such as the Notes, absorbing losses or 
otherwise affecting the rights of Noteholders in the course of any resolution of BNG Bank. 
Despite there being certain conditions for the taking of recovery or resolution measures, and the exercise 
of any powers to implement such measures, there is uncertainty regarding the specific factors which the 
competent authority or resolution authority would consider in deciding whether to take any recovery or 
resolution measure, and how to implement such measure, with respect to BNG Bank and its assets or 
liabilities, such as the Notes. The criteria that the competent authority or resolution authority would consider 
provide it with considerable discretion. Holders of the Notes may not be able to refer to publicly available 
criteria in order to anticipate a potential taking of any recovery or resolution measure or the exercise of any 
power pursuant thereto, and consequently its potential effect on BNG Bank and the Notes. In addition, it is 
uncertain how any decision of the SRB will affect BNG Bank or Noteholders and it cannot be excluded

--- Page 40 ---
40 
that any future decision (in relation to the preferred resolution of strategy of BNG Bank – which is currently 
normal insolvency law) may negatively impact BNG Bank’s financial condition or the Notes. 
8. The regulation and reform of 'benchmarks' may affect the value or payment of interest or principal under 
the Notes linked to such 'benchmarks'. 
Various benchmarks (including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and the Euro Overnight Index Average 
("EONIA")) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 'benchmarks' 
are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective, such as the  BMR, whilst others are still to be implemented. Following the implementation of any 
such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that they 
may perform or be calculated differently than in the past, or benchmarks could cease to exist entirely, or 
there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. Under the Programme, the interest payable 
on the Notes can be determined by reference to such benchmarks. 
In addition, as the Issuer is a supervised entity for the purposes of the  BMR, the  BMR could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in circumstances where an index which is a 
benchmark could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not otherwise 
recognised as being subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed. This could 
potentially lead to such Notes being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early or otherwise affected depending on 
the particular benchmark and the relevant terms of such Notes. 
Under the  BMR, new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks 
(including LIBOR, EURIBOR and EONIA), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the European Union. 
These reforms and other pressures (including from regulatory authorities) may cause one or more 
benchmarks to disappear entirely, to perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in 
methodology or otherwise), create disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or 
participate in certain benchmarks or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Moreover, any 
significant change to the setting or existence of LIBOR, EURIBOR, EONIA or any other relevant 
benchmark could affect the ability of BNG Bank to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and amounts payable under, the Notes linked to a 
'benchmark'. 
9. Future discontinuance of LIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of Notes which 
reference LIBOR or such other benchmark 
The BMR applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to benchmarks and the use 
of benchmarks within the EU. The BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or other benchmarks, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the  BMR, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of, the published rate or 
level, of the benchmark. In addition, the  BMR stipulates that each administrator of a "benchmark" regulated 
thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is 
located. Although, as far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the  BMR 
continue to apply, there is a risk that administrators of certain "benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary 
licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such "benchmarks". Other administrators may cease 
to administer certain "benchmarks" because of the additional costs of compliance with the  BMR and other 
applicable regulations and reforms, and the risks associated therewith.  
An example of such benchmark reform was the announcement on 27 July 2017 by the Chief Executive of 
the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, stating that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers 
to compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 
2021 (the "FCA Announcement"). In the United Kingdom, the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, has 
announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to submit 
rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The continued publication of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
LIBOR on the current basis cannot be guaranteed after 2021. Speeches by the Chief Executive of the FCA 
and other FCA officials emphasised that market participants should not rely on the continued publication 
of LIBOR after the end of 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that (i) the publication of 24 LIBOR 
settings (as detailed in the FCA announcement) will cease immediately after 31 December 2021, (ii) the 
publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 
2023, (iii) immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are 
intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on requiring the 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (the "ICE") to continue to publish these settings on a synthetic 
basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are 
intended to measure, for a further period after end 2021) and (iv) immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-
month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that they are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored 
(and the FCA will consider the case for using its proposed powers to require ICE to continue publishing 
these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after end June 2023). 
Between 2018 and 2019, work was undertaken to determine a euro risk-free rate as an alternative to 
EURIBOR. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended that €STR be 
used as the risk-free rate for the euro area and is now focused on supporting the market with transitioning. 
€STR has been published by the ECB from October 2019. EMMI has received authorisation from the 
competent authority, meaning that the benchmark can continue to be used for new and legacy contracts 
after 3 January 2022. Nevertheless, the long-term sustainability of EURIBOR depends on factors such as 
the continued willingness of the panel of contributing banks to support it, and whether or not there is 
sufficient activity in its underlying market.  
At this time, it is not possible to predict what the effect of these developments will be or what the impact 
on the value of the Notes will be. These reforms and other pressures may cause one or more interest rate 
benchmarks to disappear entirely or to perform differently and may dissuade market participants from using 
certain benchmarks such as LIBOR or EURIBOR or any other benchmark or to continue to administer or 
participate in such benchmarks. More generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark as a result of international, national, or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing 
and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and 
value of, and return on, any Notes based on or linked to a benchmark. 
The potential elimination of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of, a benchmark, or 
such benchmark not or no longer complying with the terms of the BMR, could require an adjustment to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to reference an alternative benchmark, or result in other consequences, 
including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Investors 
should be aware that if LIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued, the rate of interest on Notes 
which reference LIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 5B.(10) or Condition 5B.(11) applicable to such Notes. If 
(i) the Calculation Agent and BNG Bank (in consultation with each other), or BNG Bank, acting alone, 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that the relevant 
EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been 
discontinued when any Rate of Interest (or relevant part thereof) remains to be determined by such 
EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate then, BNG Bank will, as soon as reasonably practicable 
(and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate Determination 
Agent (as defined in Condition 5B.(10)) which will determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate, as well as any necessary 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 
5B.(10)), including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate an appropriate 
substitute or successor rate to the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate. See Condition 
5B.(10) for more information; or (ii) the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined 
in Condition 5B.(11)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in Condition 5B.(11)) have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark (as defined in Condition 5B.(11))  (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5B.(11)) which will

--- Page 42 ---
42 
determine (in consultation with the Issuer) the Benchmark Replacement which will replace the then-current 
Benchmark (or such component) for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent Interest Determination Dates and in connection with 
the implementation of any  Benchmark Replacement (as defined in Condition 5B.(11)), the Independent 
Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (as defined in Condition 5B.(11)) from time to time. See Condition 5B.(11) for more information. 
It is possible that BNG Bank may itself act as Rate Determination Agent and determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate. In such case, the BNG Bank will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems 
appropriate, and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In making such determinations and adjustments, the BNG Bank may 
be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this 
discretion. BNG Bank and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships and 
business interests and may pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to 
protect its and/or their interests arising therefrom without taking into account the consequences for a 
Noteholder. There is no guarantee that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the same yield as the 
rate that was discontinued and the price of the affected Notes may be adversely affected by such 
determination. 
In addition, the application of the fallback provisions contained in Condition 5B.(10) and/or Condition 
5B.(11) (as applicable) may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer, the Rate Determination Agent (as 
defined in Condition 5.B(10)) or an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5B(11)) and Noteholders 
with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Independent Advisor and/or the Rate 
Determination Agent may make pursuant to Condition 5B.(10) and/or Condition 5B.(11) (as applicable) 
(such as determining an adjustment spread, if any). As the Rate Determination Agent or the Independent 
Adviser (as the case may be) would be appointed and paid for by BNG Bank, there is a risk that the Rate 
Determination Agent or the Independent Adviser would provide determinations and judgments in favour 
of BNG Bank for this reason and thereby ultimately influence the amount receivable under the Notes.  
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an 'administrator' under the  BMR. This is the case if it 
is considered to be in control over the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined 
rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the 
Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of 
a discontinuation scenario. This would mean that the Rate Determination Agent (i) administers the 
arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collects, analyses, or processes input data for the purposes of 
determining such rate and (iii) determines such rate through the application of a method of calculation or 
by an assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be 
considered an 'administrator' under the BMR, the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate 
of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate 
Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a 
discontinuation scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the BMR. This may be the 
case if the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or 
otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario, is 
published or made available to the public and regularly determined by application of a method of calculation 
or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys. 
The BMR stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself 
must be registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the BMR. There 
is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent in the circumstances as 
described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or 
endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to 
discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. 
The Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding, and will apply to the relevant Notes without any requirement that BNG Bank obtain 
consent of any Noteholders. If BNG Bank is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or the 
Independent Adviser (as the case may be) or the Rate Determination Agent or the Independent Adviser (as 
the case may be) is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under 
Condition 5B.(10) or a Benchmark Replacement under Condition 5B.(11) this could result under

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Conditions 5B.(3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8) or (9) in the effective application of a fixed rate to what was 
previously a Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant 
EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate was available (as stated in the Final Terms in respect of a 
series of Notes). The effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and substitute reference 
rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent, the relevant discontinuation provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may perform 
differently from the discontinued benchmark. For example, there are currently proposals to replace LIBOR 
(which generally has a term of one, three or six months) with an overnight rate. Similarly, proposals have 
been made to use a rate on highly rated government obligations to replace LIBOR, which is currently based 
on interbank lending rates and carries an implicit element of credit risk of the banking sector. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference 
rate could affect the ability of BNG Bank to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines that the EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate 
or Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been discontinued or, as the case may 
be, a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur with respect to U.S. 
dollar LIBOR, the rate of interest on the relevant Notes may thereafter be determined by reference to a 
successor rate or the Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be. A Benchmark Transition Event includes, 
among other things, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of U.S. dollar LIBOR announcing that U.S. dollar LIBOR is no longer representative. In such 
case, the rate of interest on the relevant Notes may therefore cease to be determined by reference to U.S. 
dollar LIBOR, and instead be determined by reference to a successor rate or the Benchmark Replacement 
as the case may be, even if the original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, U.S. dollar LIBOR continues 
to be published. Such rate may be lower than the original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, U.S. dollar 
LIBOR for so long as the original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, U.S. dollar LIBOR continues to 
be published, and the value of and return on the relevant Notes may be adversely affected. 
G. Risks related to Renminbi Notes  
Renminbi Notes may be issued under the Programme. Renminbi Notes contain particular risks for potential 
investors, including: 
1. Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the People's Republic of China (excluding 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of 
the PRC and Taiwan, the "PRC") (the "PRC Government") continues to regulate conversion between 
Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.  
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the settlement of capital 
amount items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals 
from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis 
and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the 
PRC for settlement of capital account items are being developed. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund and the People's Bank of China (the "PBoC") has implemented 
policies in 2018 improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign 
currencies, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over

--- Page 44 ---
44 
cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation 
will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. In the event 
that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
2. There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial 
institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the "Renminbi Clearing Banks"), including but 
not limited to Hong Kong and are in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement 
mechanisms in several other jurisdictions (the "Settlement Arrangements"), the current size of Renminbi-
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The 
Renminbi Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square 
for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services. In such cases, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square 
such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the Issuer can make payments in U.S. dollars. 
3. Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. In 
2015, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against the 
U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point.  This change, 
and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign 
currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi 
unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in foreign currencies may 
vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi 
Notes in that foreign currency will decline. 
4. Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks. 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes 
propose to sell their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount 
they have invested. 
5. Investment in the Renminbi Notes may be subject to PRC tax. 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws (including without limitation the PRC enterprise 
income tax or PRC individual income tax) to their particular situations. The value of the investment made 
by a holder of the Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected if such holder is required to 
pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those 
Renminbi Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's 
consent for a period of up to twelve (12) months after its approval by the AFM and shall expire on 21 May 
2022, at the latest. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of any significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies relating to information included in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Notes, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period 
of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, this Base Prospectus should, in relation to any Series (as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of Notes, be read and construed together with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer to be appointed under the Programme or the Agent shall be 
responsible for the acts or omissions of any relevant nominee service provider or clearing system nor makes 
any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the services provided by any relevant nominee 
service provider or clearing system. 
The Issuer has confirmed that this Base Prospectus contains all information regarding the Issuer, the 
Programme and (subject to being completed by any final terms (each the "Final Terms") as referred to on 
page 119 hereof) the Notes which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue of the Notes) material 
and such information is true and accurate in all respects and is not misleading.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The information on such websites do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so: 
(i)
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or  
(ii)
in the circumstances described under "Non-exempt Offers of Non-exempt Offer Notes in the 
European Economic Area" below. 
Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the 
Issuer or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or as approved in writing for such purpose by the Issuer. Any such representation or information 
should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers. 
Neither the Agents or the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (excluding the Issuer) have authorised 
the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or 
accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus nor do the Agents or the Dealers or any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents 
take any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant 
Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. The delivery of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall not in any circumstances create any 
implication that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which the Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and other offering material relating to the Notes see "Plan of 
Distribution" below. 
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state 
securities laws and the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States, or to or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), except pursuant to an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state 
securities laws, or pursuant to an effective registration statement. Bearer Notes are subject to United States 
tax law requirements. Bearer Notes may generally not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to United States persons, as those terms are defined in the Code, and by the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
thereunder. 
The Notes may be offered and sold (A) in bearer form outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S and (B) in registered form within the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 
144A and/or outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Prospective 
purchasers who are QIBs are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these 
and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes, see "Plan of Distribution" and 
"Transfer Restrictions". 
The Programme and the Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"), any state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory 
authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of 
the Notes or the accuracy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence 
in the United States. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, any Notes 
and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient shall be taken to have made its 
own investigation and appraisal of the financial condition of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has given undertakings in connection with the listing of the Notes on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext Amsterdam to the effect that, so long as any Note remains 
outstanding and listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext Amsterdam 
(as the case may be), in the event of any material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer

--- Page 48 ---
48 
which is not reflected in this Base Prospectus or if a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext Amsterdam (as the case may be). If the terms of the Programme 
are modified or amended in a manner which would make the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate 
or misleading, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus will be prepared. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) specified in the 
Final Terms as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) in relation 
to the relevant series of Notes may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes of such Series at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a 
limited period. However, there may be no obligation on any Stabilising Manager (or any agent of a 
Stabilising Manager) to do this. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be 
ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Such 
stabilising or over-allotment shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA  RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors', the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as 
amended or superseded ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN BELGIUM: If 'Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers' is specified as applicable in the applicable 'Final Terms', the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to and should not be offered 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended from time to 
time.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
CANADIAN NOTICE TO INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation 
in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that 
the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by 
the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or 
guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled ‘MiFID II Product Governance' which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any  
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BANK RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION DIRECTIVE 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
("SRM Regulation") provide for the European framework for the recovery and resolution of (amongst 
others) ailing banks, certain investment firms and certain of their group entities.  
The BRRD has been transposed into Dutch law pursuant to the Act implementing the European framework 
for the recovery and resolution of banks and investment firms (Implementatiewet Europees kader voor 
herstel en afwikkeling van banken en beleggingsondernemingen), which entered into force on 26 November 
2015. BNG Bank is subject to the BRRD as implemented in Dutch law. 
On 7 June 2019, the BRRD was amended with effect from 27 June 2019 by a further directive ("BRRD 
II"). BRRD II was due to transposed into national law no later than 28 December 2020. However, BRRD 
II has not yet been transposed into Dutch law.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
The BRRD, as implemented in Dutch law, provides DNB in its capacity as competent national resolution 
authority with the powers necessary to implement the resolution decisions taken by the European Single 
Resolution Board ("SRB") in respect of significant banks in the Netherlands, such as BNG Bank. In 
addition, the European Central Bank, as the competent supervisory authority in respect of significant banks, 
is allowed to take certain recovery measures in the event the financial condition of a bank is deteriorating 
(subject to further conditions). Such measures could pertain, amongst others, to a change of the legal or 
operational structure, the removal of (individuals within) senior management or the management body and 
the appointment of a temporary administrator. 
Investors should be aware that if BNG Bank would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other 
conditions apply) the SRB may decide to write-down, cancel or convert relevant capital instruments of 
BNG Bank (such as the Notes), independently or in combination with a resolution action. For more details 
as to the current requirements imposed on BNG Bank and the risks associated therewith, please see "Risks 
related to the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD and SRM Regulation" above.  
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Notes are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 
144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither subject to sections 13 or 
15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") nor exempt 
from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, furnish to each holder of such Notes in 
connection with any resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser of such Notes from such holder, in 
each case upon request, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. 
INFORMED ASSESSMENT
Each potential investor in the Notes must be able to make an informed assessment of the Notes, based upon 
full knowledge and understanding of the facts and risks. Each potential investor must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. The following factors might affect a potential 
investor's ability to appreciate the risk factors outlined below, placing such potential investor at a greater 
risk of receiving a lesser return on its investment: 
(i)
if such an investor does not have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful 
evaluation of the Notes and the merits of investing in the Notes in light of the risk factors outlined 
below; 
(ii)
if such an investor does not have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to 
evaluate, in the context of his particular financial situation, the significance of these risk factors 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii)
if such an investor does not have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks 
of an investment in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential Investor's Currency; 
(iv)
if such an investor does not understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is not familiar with 
the behaviour of any relevant indices in the financial markets (including the risks associated 
thereof) as such an investor is more vulnerable from any fluctuations in the financial markets 
generally; and 
(v)
if such an investor is not able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) 
possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and 
its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for

--- Page 51 ---
51 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT OFFER NOTES IN THE 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 ("Non-exempt Offer Notes") 
may, subject as provided below, be offered in a Member State in circumstances where there is no exemption 
from the obligation under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer 
is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a "Non-exempt Offer". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Non-exempt Offer 
Notes in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain and Sweden (together, the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any 
person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in a Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent - see 
"Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation" below. 
If the Issuer intends to make or authorise any Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes to be made in 
one or more Member States other than in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, it will prepare a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus specifying such Member State(s) and any additional information required by the 
Prospectus Regulation in respect thereof. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the 
Issuer's consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any such Non-exempt Offer. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for either the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, 
the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base 
Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") who purchases any Non-exempt Offer Notes by a 
Dealer and also with respect to subsequent resale or final placement of securities by any financial 
intermediary which was given consent to use this Base Prospectus (an "Authorised Offeror"), where the 
offer is made in compliance with all conditions attached to the giving of the consent. Such consent and 
conditions are described below under "Consent" and "Common conditions to consent". Neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance 
by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements 
or other securities law requirements in relation to such Non-exempt Offer. 
Save as provided below, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised the making of any Non-
exempt Offer and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person 
in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in any jurisdiction. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor to whom an offer of any Non-
exempt Offer Notes is made is offered Non-exempt Offer Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus 
for the purpose of Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the Non-exempt Offer and, if so, 
who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or 
who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The Issuer will publish information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the approval 
of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, on its website. 
Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out below under "Common conditions to consent":

--- Page 53 ---
53 
A. 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in any Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(i)
the Dealer(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii)
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(iii)
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name and address is published on the Issuer's website and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
B. 
if (and only if) Part A of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", 
the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as 
at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer 
Notes in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction by any financial intermediary which satisfies the 
following conditions: 
(i)
it is authorised to make such offers under the legislation implementing the MiFID (as 
defined below) as applicable in each relevant jurisdiction; and 
(ii)
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Non-exempt Offer Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] 
(the "Final Terms") published by BNG Bank N.V. (the "Issuer"). We hereby accept the 
offer by the Issuer of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final 
Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain 
and Sweden] (the "Non-exempt Offer") in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms 
and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, 
and we are using the Base Prospectus in connection with the Non-exempt Offer 
accordingly.". 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms" are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(I)
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(a)
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the 
"Rules") from time to time including, without limitation, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Non-exempt Offer Notes by 
any person and disclosure to any potential Investor, and will immediately inform the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) if at any time such financial intermediary becomes 
aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all 
appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
(b)
comply with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c)
comply with the target market and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID 
II product governance" and/or the "UK MiFIR product governance" legend set out 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(d)
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Non-exempt 
Offer Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is 
fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(e)
hold all licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Non-exempt Offer Notes under 
the Rules; 
(f)
comply with and take appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules (including, 
without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to 
establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial 
investment in any Non-exempt Offer Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any 
application for Non-exempt Offer Notes in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application moneys; 
(g)
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so required and permitted, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to 
enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(h)
ensure that no holder of Non-exempt Offer Notes or potential Investor in Non-
exempt Offer Notes shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer(s) for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and, 
to the extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial 
intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall 
perform any such obligations so arising; 
(i)
cooperate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to 
paragraph (f) above) upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) 
as is available to such financial intermediary or which is within its power and control 
from time to time, together with such further assistance as is reasonably requested 
by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s): 
(i)
in connection with any request or investigation by the AFM and/or any 
relevant regulator of competent jurisdiction in relation to the Non-exempt 
Offer Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s); and/or 
(ii)
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) or another 
Authorised Offeror, including, without limitation, complaints as defined in 
rules published by the AFM and/or any relevant regulator of competent 
jurisdiction from time to time: and/or 
(iii)
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) may reasonably require from time 
to time in relation to the Non-exempt Offer Notes and/or as to allow the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) fully to comply within its own legal tax and 
regulatory requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any 
timeframe set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(j)
during the primary distribution period of the Non-exempt Offer Notes: (i) not sell 
the Non-exempt Offer Notes at any price other than the Issue Price specified in the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer(s)); (ii) 
not sell the Non-exempt Offer Notes otherwise than for the settlement on the Issue 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors 
(unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer); (iv) not pay any 
fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the 
offering or sale of the Non-exempt Offer Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Dealer(s)); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be 
reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer(s). 
(k)
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Non-
exempt Offer Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary 
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory 
clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case, prior to making 
any order for the Non-exempt Offer Notes on their behalf, and, in each case, 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(l)
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
(m)
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common conditions to 
consent" below and any further requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(n)
make available to each potential Investor in the Non-exempt Offer Notes the Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable 
Final Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such 
purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or 
entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus; and 
(o)
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer 
for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (i) is fair, clear and not 
misleading and complies with the Rules, (ii) states that such financial intermediary 
has provided such communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial 
intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that none of the 
Issuer nor the relevant Dealer(s) accept any responsibility for such communication 
and (iii) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or, 
respectively, the relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, brand or logo registered by 
an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such entity 
retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
(II)
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (in each 
case, on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, 
affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, 
expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence 
raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation 
of defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising 
out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing 
agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, 
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or 
failure by such financial intermediary to observe an of the above restrictions or 
requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised 
representation or the giving or use by it or any information which has not been authorised 
for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s); and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(III)
agrees and accepts that; 
(a)
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms with its consent in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands; and 
(b)
the competent courts of The Hague, the Netherlands are to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) 
and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
Any financial intermediary falling within sub-paragraph (B) above who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly completed) specified at paragraph (B)(ii) above. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (B) above if 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(a)
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Non-exempt Offer Notes; 
(b)
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c)
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the 
relevant Tranche of Non-exempt Offer Notes in one or more of Austria, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, 
Norway, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NON-EXEMPT OFFER 
NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE 
ISSUER WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NON-EXEMPT OFFER NOTES 
TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR 
AND 
SUCH 
INVESTOR 
INCLUDING 
AS 
TO 
PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL 
NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK AT THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY DEALER 
(EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY 
OF LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
Non-exempt Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Non-exempt Offer Notes to be offered pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the 
Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and will depend, 
amongst other things, on the interest rate applicable to the Non-exempt Offer Notes and prevailing market 
conditions at any time. The offer price of such Non-exempt Offer Notes will be the Issue Price or such other

--- Page 57 ---
57 
price as may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Non-exempt 
Offer Notes to such Investor. The Issuer will not be party to arrangements between an Investor and an 
Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the 
price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Non-exempt Offer Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
ENFORCEMENT OF FOREIGN JUDGMENTS 
The Issuer is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. All of the officers 
and directors named herein reside outside of the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets 
of the Issuer and its officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, prospective 
investors may have difficulties effecting service of process in the United States upon the Issuer or such 
persons in connection with any lawsuits related to the Notes, including actions arising under the federal 
securities laws of the United States. In addition, investors may have difficulties in enforcing original actions 
brought in courts in jurisdictions outside the United States, liabilities predicated upon U.S. securities laws. 
In the absence of an enforcement treaty between the Netherlands and the United States, a judgment of a 
United States court cannot be enforced in the Netherlands. In order to obtain a judgment that can be enforced 
in the Netherlands against the Issuer, the dispute will have to be re-litigated before the competent 
Netherlands court. The basic premise is that a final judgment for payment given by a court in the United 
States will, in principle, be recognised and given effect to by a Dutch court if (i) the jurisdiction of the U.S. 
court is based on a ground of jurisdiction that is generally acceptable according to international standards, 
(ii) the judgment by the U.S. court was rendered in legal proceedings that comply with the standards of the 
proper administration of justice that includes sufficient safeguards (behoorlijke rechtspleging), (iii) the 
judgment of the U.S. court is not contrary to Dutch public policy (openbare orde), and (iv) the judgment 
by the U.S. court is not incompatible with a decision rendered between the same parties by a Dutch court, 
or with a previous decision rendered between the same parties by a foreign court in a dispute that concerns 
the same subject and is based on the same cause, provided that the previous decision qualifies to be 
recognised and given effect to in the Netherlands. Moreover, even if a judgment by a U.S. court satisfies 
the above requirements, a Dutch court may still deny a claim for a judgment if such U.S. court judgment is 
not, not yet or no longer, formally enforceable according to the relevant U.S. State and Federal laws. Dutch 
courts may deny the recognition and enforcement of punitive damages or other similar awards. Moreover, 
a Dutch court may reduce the amount of damages granted by a U.S. court and recognise damages only to 
the extent that they are necessary to compensate actual losses or damages. In addition, there is doubt as to 
whether a Dutch court would impose civil liability on the Issuer, its officers or directors or any experts 
named in this Base Prospectus in an original action predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws 
brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Netherlands against the Issuer or such directors or 
experts, respectively.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such 
as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" 
and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions.  
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
may cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results to be materially different 
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not 
limited to, the following:  

economic and financial market conditions, in particular, the Dutch and European economies; 

negative occurrences in the markets in which the Issuer's loan portfolio is concentrated; 

negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic;  

volatility in interest rates; 

a downgrade in the Dutch State's or the Issuer's credit ratings; 

perceived risk of sovereign default in the European Union and associated risks relating to the Euro; 

operational risk; 

credit and counterparty risk; 

liquidity risk and adverse capital and credit market conditions; 

the Issuer's inability to manage risks through derivatives; 

the occurrence of catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events; 

significant adverse regulatory developments; 

an interruption, failure or breach of the Issuer's operational system including the Issuer's IT 
systems and other systems on which it depends; 

the ineffectiveness of the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures; and 

failure to deliver by third parties to which the Issuer has outsourced certain functions. 
The Issuer's risks are more specifically described under "Risk Factors". If one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialise, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Issuer's actual results, 
performance or achievements or industry results may be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto) or as of such earlier 
date at which such statements are expressed to be given. The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein 
(or in any supplement) to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard thereto or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the AFM and the SIX Swiss Exchange and shall be deemed 
to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 

The annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020, that include the audited financial statements (including the notes) and the audit 
reports of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. on the following pages: 
Annual 
Report 
Audit report 
Financial 
Statements 
(including the Notes) 
Hyperlink 
2018 
Pages 250-264 
Pages 76-248 
https://www.bngbank.com/-
/media/Project/CBB/BNG-
Bank-
COM/Documents/Annual-
report-2018/Annual-Report-
BNG-Bank-2018.pdf
2019 
Pages 269-283 
Pages 108-268  
https://www.bngbank.com/-
/media/Project/CBB/BNG-
Bank-
COM/Documents/Annual-
Report-2019/BNG-Bank-
Annual-Report-2019.pdf
2020 
Pages 240-252 
Pages 101-238  
https://www.bngbank.com/-
/media/Project/CBB/BNG-
Bank-
Shared/Documents/BNG-
Bank-Annual-Report-
2020.pdf

The Articles of Association of the Issuer of the Issuer as they read after a deed of amendment dated 
14 May 2019, taking effect on 15 May 2019 (available at: https://www.bngbank.nl/-
/media/Project/CBB/BNG-Bank-COM/Documents/About-BNG-
bank/BNG_Bank_Statuten_ENG_2019_3.pdf).   

The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 55 up to and including 57 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 27 May 2016 (the "2016 Terms and Conditions") 
(available at: https://www.bngbank.com/Funding/Issuance-Programmes/Terms-Conditions-base-
prospectus-2016).  

The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 62 up to and including 97 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 24 May 2017 (the "2017 Terms and Conditions") 
(available at: https://www.bngbank.com/Funding/Issuance-Programmes/Terms-Conditions-base-
prospectus-2017). 

The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 65 up to and including 101 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 24 May 2018 (the "2018 Terms and Conditions") 
(available at: https://www.bngbank.com/Funding/Issuance-Programmes/Terms-Conditions-base-
prospectus-2018). 

The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 71 up to and including 110 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 23 May 2019 (the "2019 Terms and Conditions")

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(available at: https://www.bngbank.com/Funding/Issuance-Programmes/Terms-Conditions-base-
prospectus-2019). 

The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 71 up to and including 110 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 25 May 2020 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions") 
(available at: https://www.bngbank.com/Funding/Issuance-Programmes/Terms-Conditions-base-
prospectus-2020).  
Any other information which is contained in any document mentioned above but not specifically stated as 
being incorporated by reference is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the Notes, provide, without charge, to any 
person, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated 
herein by reference as well as the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and a copy of this Base Prospectus 
and, where appropriate, English translations of any or all such documents (i.e. Deutsche Bank London 
(phone number: +44 20 754 58000, department: Trust and Securities Services), ABN AMRO Bank N.V., 
e-mail address: corporate.broking@nl.abnamro.com, or Deutsche Bank Luxembourg (phone number: +35 
24 212 2639, e-mail address: ctas.pricings@db.com, department: CTAS Paying Agency). Written or oral 
requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of any Paying Agent or, in the case 
of Notes listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext Amsterdam, the 
specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg or the Listing Agent in Amsterdam, respectively.  
Documents incorporated by reference may also be found on the investor relations section of the BNG Bank 
website.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
FORMS OF NOTES 
The Notes will either be issued as Global Notes, without interest coupons attached, or Global Note 
Certificates, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes may be issued outside the United States 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and/or within the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 
144A.  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) be initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent 
Global Note), without receipts, interest coupons or talons. Each Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in CGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be delivered to a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing systems and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for 
the use of EU securities settlement systems in the European System of Central Banks ("ESCB") credit 
operations" of the central banking system for the Euro (the "Eurosystem"); provided that certain other 
criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form 
will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in 
global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will 
only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
or any successor rules in substantially the same form for purposes of Section 4701 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form for purposes of Section 4701 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes. 
Whilst any Bearer Note issued in accordance with the D Rules is represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
against presentation of the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification (in a form set forth 
in the Temporary Global Note) to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Temporary Global Note are 
not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) has or 
have given a like certification (based on the certifications it has or they have received) to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall mean the clearing and/or 
settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which will be 40 days after the date on which the Temporary 
Global Note is issued, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
request as described therein, either for interests in a Permanent Global Note without receipts, interest 
coupons or talons, or for Definitive Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in each case (if the 
Bearer Notes are subject to the D Rules) against certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership unless 
such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of an 
interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Bearer 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes" and also specifies that the C Rules are applicable, then the Bearer 
Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but 
not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes from 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes" and also specifies that the D Rules are applicable, then the 
Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes from 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Payments in respect of Bearer Notes to which the 
D Rules apply cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
In case of Bearer Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Bearer Notes may be traded 
in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. So long as such Notes 
are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) 
so permit, these Bearer Notes will be tradable only in the minimum Specified Denomination increased with 
integral multiples of such a smaller amount, notwithstanding that Definitive Notes shall only be issued up 
to, but excluding, twice the minimum Specified Denomination.  
Definitive Notes will be in the standard euromarket form. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through the relevant 
clearing system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note to 
or to the order of any Paying Agent at its office outside the United States without any requirement for 
certification. A Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part for Definitive Notes 
(i) if Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, has 
informed the Issuer that it has or they have, as the case may be, ceased or will cease to act as the clearing 
system(s) in respect of the relevant Permanent Global Note or (ii) if any of the events referred to in 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes takes place, except that in each case a Permanent 
Global Note which forms part of a securities deposit (girodepot) with Euroclear Netherlands shall only be 
exchangeable within the limited circumstances as described in the Netherlands Securities Giro Act (Wet 
giraal effectenverkeer) and such exchange will be made in accordance therewith, the Euroclear Netherlands' 
terms and conditions and operational documents and except in each case where a Permanent Global Note 
has been deposited with SIX SIS Ltd shall only be exchangeable in Definitive Notes in whole, but not in 
part, if the principal swiss paying agent determines, in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive 
Notes is necessary or useful. In the event that the relevant Permanent Global Note is not, in the case of (i) 
or (ii) above, duly exchanged for Definitive Notes. Payments by the Issuer to the relevant account holders 
will be considered as payments to the relevant Noteholder and operate as full and final discharge to the 
Issuer in this respect. 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes, Definitive Notes and interest coupons (including 
talons) which are issued in compliance with the D Rules: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons.  
A Bearer Note may be accelerated by the Holder thereof, amongst others in certain circumstances described 
in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Bearer Note is 
still represented by a Global Note and a holder of an interest in such Bearer Note so represented and credited 
to his account with the relevant clearing system(s) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Bearer 
Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of 
the amount due in accordance with the terms of such Global Note, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) on and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or another relevant clearing 
system as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
(i)
Individual Note Certificates; or 
(ii)
one or more Unrestricted Global Note Certificate(s) in the case of Regulation S Notes and/or one 
or more Restricted Global Note Certificate(s) in the case of Rule 144A Notes,  
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references in this Base Prospectus to "Global 
Note Certificates" shall be construed as a reference to Unrestricted Global Note Certificates and/or 
Restricted Global Note Certificates. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it had assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under such structure (the "New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement 
systems in ESCB credit operations" of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and 
contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in 
NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered 
debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will either be: (a) in the case of a 
Certificate which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, registered in the name 
of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC if such Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be held for the benefit 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream through DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary or such other nominee or custodian; or (b) in the case of an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of Cede & 
Co. (or such other entity as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) as nominee for DTC and the relevant 
Restricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the custodian for DTC 
(the "DTC Custodian"). Save as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, beneficial interests in 
Notes represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate may only be held through DTC at any time. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Note Certificate exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Note 
Certificates each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates 
in the following limited circumstances: 
a.
in the case of any Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC, if DTC notifies 
the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as 
depositary with respect to the Global Note Certificate or DTC ceases to be a "clearing

--- Page 65 ---
65 
agency" registered under the Exchange Act or if at any time DTC is no longer eligible to 
act as such, and the relevant Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days 
of receiving notice or becoming aware of such ineligibility on the part of DTC;  
b.
in the case of any Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, if Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; and  
c.
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 7 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes occurs. 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Note Certificate must provide the relevant Registrar (through the relevant clearing 
system) with such information as the Issuer and the relevant Registrar may require to complete and deliver 
Individual Note Certificates (including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented 
by the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's 
holding). In addition, whenever a Restricted Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note 
Certificates, each person having an interest in the Restricted Global Note Certificate must provide the 
relevant Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with a certificate given by or on behalf of the 
holder of each beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Note Certificate stating either (i) that such holder 
is not transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or (ii) that the transfer or exchange of such 
interest has been made in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes and that the 
person transferring such interest reasonably believes that the person acquiring such interest is a QIB and is 
obtaining such beneficial interest in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. Individual Note 
Certificates issued in exchange for interests in the Restricted Global Note Certificate will bear the legends 
and be subject to the transfer restrictions set out under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Note Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate to the relevant Registrar of such information as is 
required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Note 
Certificate at the specified office of the relevant Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Issuing 
and Paying Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against 
such indemnity as the relevant Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
A Registered Note may be accelerated by the Holder thereof, amongst others in certain circumstances 
described in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any 
Registered Note represented by a Global Note Certificate is not timely exchanged, whether in whole or in 
part, for Individual Note Certificates, holders of interests in such Global Note Certificates will be able to 
enforce against the Issuer all rights which the Noteholder in question would have had if it had been the 
holder of Individual Note Certificates issued on the issue date of the Global Note Certificate. 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the holder of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as

--- Page 66 ---
66 
the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Note Certificates, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name the relevant 
Global Note Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register which (a) in the case of a Restricted 
Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC, will be Cede & Co. (or such other entity as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) as nominee for DTC; and (b) in the case of any Unrestricted Global Note 
Certificate which is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Note Certificate will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or Global Note Certificate, Accountholders, other than in respect of holders of interests in 
Global Note Certificates not timely exchanged for Individual Note Certificates (as more fully described 
above), shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate. 
Transfers of Interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates  
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and 
operating procedures. None of the Issuer, the Registrars, the Dealers or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants relating to payments made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any of the records of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system or the records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in 
respect of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Note Certificate 
to such persons will be limited. Because clearing systems only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act 
on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Global Note Certificate to 
pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing systems, or 
otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of an Individual Note 
Certificate representing such interest. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Transfer Restrictions", transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders, on the other will be effected by the relevant clearing systems in accordance 
with their respective rules and through action taken by the DTC Custodian, the relevant Registrar and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent. 
On or after the issue date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in 
DTC will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders, on the other will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. 
Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Note Certificates will be effected 
through the Issuing and Paying Agent, the DTC Custodian, the relevant Registrar and any applicable 
Transfer Agent receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the transferor and 
arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the 
transferee. Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) three business days after the trade date for the 
disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Note Certificate resulting in such transfer and (ii) two business 
days after receipt by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, of the 
necessary certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market transfers, 
settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be 
made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payment must be made separately. The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders or between DTC participants 
are not affected. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see "Plan of Distribution" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
Upon the issue of a Restricted Global Note Certificate to be held by or on behalf of DTC, DTC or the DTC 
Custodian will credit the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Global Note Certificate to the account of DTC participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in such 
Global Note Certificate will be held through participants of DTC, including the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note Certificate 
will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by 
DTC or its nominee. DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a 
holder of Registered Notes represented by a Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC (including, 
without limitation, the presentation of such Global Note Certificates for exchange as described above) only 
at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in such Global Note 
Certificate are credited, and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate nominal amount of such Global 
Note Certificate as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, in 
certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the relevant Global Note Certificate for Individual Note 
Certificates (which will bear the relevant legends set out in "Transfer Restrictions"). 
Although DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order 
to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Note Certificates among participants and account holders of 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the 
Registrars, the Dealers or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or account holders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their respective operations. 
While a Global Note Certificate is lodged with DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant 
clearing system, Individual Note Certificates for the relevant Series of Notes will not be eligible for clearing 
and settlement through such clearing systems.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may, for example, issue ESG Bonds. An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of each 
ESG Bond will be used for lending as described in the applicable Final Terms and any related ESG 
Framework 
in 
line 
with 
the 
Issuer's 
sustainability 
policy 
(which 
is 
accessible 
at: 
https://www.bngbank.com/Documents/Investors/BNG%20Bank%202020%20Sustainability%20policy.pd
f. Progress reports and impact assessment reports in respect of each ESG Bond can be found at: 
https://www.bngbank.com/funding/sustainability-bond
and 
https://www.bngbank.com/funding/sustainability-bond-social-housing.  
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
https://www.bngbank.com/Documents/Investors/BNG%20Bank%202020%20Sustainability%20policy.pd
f, 
https://www.bngbank.com/funding/sustainability-bond
and 
https://www.bngbank.com/funding/sustainability-bond-social-housing, does not form a part of the Base 
Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus or in any supplement thereto or in any 
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein that all or any portion of such 
information is to be incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The proceeds of the issue of any ESG Bonds will be allocated and managed as described in the applicable 
ESG Framework, and the Issuer will report to investors on the allocation of proceeds as described in the 
applicable ESG Framework applicable to the relevant issue of ESG Bonds. 
No representation or assurance is to be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer appointed under the 
Programme that the listing or the admission of the Notes as green, social or sustainable may be maintained 
during the maturity life of any ESG Bonds and that such listing and admission of the ESG Bonds satisfies 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations. For a further discussion of ESB Bonds see "Risk Factor - Notes issued as 
ESG Bonds (as defined below) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green, 
social or sustainable assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Notes designed as ESG 
Bonds  in connection with green, social or sustainable projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue 
to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such 
Notes may affect the value and/or trading price of the Notes, and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social or sustainable assets".

--- Page 69 ---
69 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion) will be 
attached to or incorporated by reference into each Global Note and each Global Note Certificate and which 
will be attached to or endorsed upon each definitive Note and each Individual Note Certificate. The 
applicable Final Terms will be endorsed or incorporated by reference into or attached to each Global Note, 
each Global Note Certificate and each definitive Note, and will be applicable to each Individual Note 
Certificate. 
The Notes are issued in accordance with an amended and restated issuing and paying agency agreement 
(the "Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement", which expression shall include any supplement thereto) 
dated 7 December 1993 and most recently amended and restated on 21 May 2021 and made between BNG 
Bank N.V. (the "Issuer"), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, England), in its capacity as issuing and paying agent (the "Issuing and Paying 
Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity 
as such), Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as U.S. registrar (the "U.S. Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor U.S. registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as non-U.S. registrar (the "Non-U.S. Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor non-U.S. registrar appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes, and together with the U.S. Registrar, the "Registrars" and each a "Registrar"), the paying agents 
named therein (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent and any 
substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrars, the "Transfer Agents", 
which expression shall include any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes). In these Terms and Conditions, references to the "Agents" are to the Paying 
Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. A copy of the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement is available for inspection at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be 
deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement insofar as they relate to the relevant Notes.  
For the purposes of Notes denominated in Swiss francs (the "Swiss Franc Notes"), the Issuer will, together 
with the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Swiss paying agent specified in the Final Terms relating to the 
relevant issue of Notes as principal Swiss paying agent (the "Principal Swiss Paying Agent"), enter into a 
supplemental issuing and paying agency agreement. In addition, all references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to the "Issuing and Paying Agent" and the "Paying Agents" shall, so far as the context permits, 
be construed as references only to the relevant Swiss paying agents, as set out in Part B of the Final Terms 
and references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Euroclear" and/or "Clearstream, Luxembourg" 
shall be construed as including references to SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss securities services corporation in Olten, 
Switzerland ("SIS"), which expression shall include any other clearing institution recognised by SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd with which the Permanent Global Note may be deposited from time to time), which shall be 
considered an additional or alternative clearing system for the purposes of the final paragraph of Condition 
1(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued in series (each a "Series"), and each Series will be the subject of the final terms (each, 
the "Final Terms"), which complete these Terms and Conditions, prepared by or on behalf of the Issuer, a 
copy of which will be available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents and: 
(i)
a copy of which will, in the case of a Series in relation to which application has been made for 
admission to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, be lodged with the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange; or 
(ii)
a copy of which will, in the case of a Series in relation to which application has been made for 
admission to Euronext in Amsterdam ("Euronext Amsterdam"), the regulated market of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V., be lodged with Euronext Amsterdam N.V.; or 
(iii)
a copy of which will, in the case of a Series in relation to which application has been made for 
admission to the regulated market of the SIX Swiss Exchange, be lodged with the SIX Swiss 
Exchange.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
1.
FORM AND DENOMINATION 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered 
Notes"). Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered Notes will 
not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes. A Note may be a Note bearing interest on a fixed rate basis ("Fixed 
Rate Note"), a Note bearing interest on a floating rate basis ("Floating Rate Note"), a Note issued 
on a non-interest bearing basis ("Zero Coupon Note"), a Note in respect of which interest is 
determined on another basis ("Variable Interest Rate Note") or a Note in respect of which interest 
is or may be payable in one or more currencies other than the Specified Currency in which it is 
denominated ("Dual Currency Interest Note") depending on the Interest Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. A Note may be a Note redeemable in installments ("Installment Note"), 
a Note in respect of which principal is or may be payable in one or more currencies other than the 
Specified Currency in which it is denominated ("Dual Currency Redemption Note") depending 
on the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. All payments in respect 
of such Note shall, without prejudice to Article 8.1 of Council Regulation no. 974/98 of 3 May 
1998, be made in the currency shown on its face unless it is stated on its face to be a Dual Currency 
Interest Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note or a Note where Conditions 9(m), 9(m.1) 9(n) or 
10 has been applied, in which case payments shall be made on the basis stated in the applicable 
Final Terms and/or these Conditions. 
Notes may be denominated in any currency (including, without limitation, the Australian dollar, 
the Euro, the Japanese yen, the New Zealand dollar, the British pound, the Swiss franc and the 
United States dollar) subject to compliance with all applicable legal or regulatory requirements. 
Bearer Notes 
Paragraphs (c) to (j) of this Condition 1 shall apply to Bearer Notes only. 
Bearer Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
§ 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code (the "D Rules"), unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes will be 
issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code (the "C Rules"), or, 
in the case of Bearer Notes with a term of one year or less (including unilateral rights to roll over 
or extend), that neither the C Rules nor D Rules apply. Unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, Bearer Notes will be represented upon issue by a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Global Note") in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. On or after the date (the "Exchange Date") which will be 
40 days after the original issue date of the Notes of the relevant Series and provided, in the case of 
Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, that certification as to the beneficial ownership 
thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note) has been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for: 
(i)
interests in a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note") representing the Notes 
in that Series of Bearer Notes and in substantially the relevant form (subject to 
amendment and completion) scheduled to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement; or 
(ii)
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, definitive Bearer Notes ("Definitive Notes") 
in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Issuing 
and Paying Agency Agreement. 
If any date on which a payment is due on the Bearer Notes of a Series occurs whilst any of the 
Notes of that Series are represented by the Temporary Global Note, the related payment will, in 
the case of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, be made on the Temporary Global Note 
only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations (in the form set out in the Temporary Global Note) has been received by 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") or any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, and based on such certification,

--- Page 71 ---
71 
the relevant clearing system has issued a like certification to the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made without any 
requirement for certification. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable in whole but not in part for Definitive Notes if 
(i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, 
has informed the Issuer that it has or they have, as the case may be, ceased or will cease to act as 
the clearing system(s) in respect of the relevant Permanent Global or, (ii) if any of the events 
referred to in Condition 7 takes place, except that a Permanent Global Note which forms part of a 
securities deposit (girodepot) with Euroclear Netherlands shall only be exchangeable within the 
limited circumstances as described in the Netherlands Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) and such exchange will be made in accordance therewith, the Euroclear 
Netherlands' terms and conditions and operational documents. In the event that the relevant 
Permanent Global Note is not so duly exchanged for Definitive Notes then the terms of such 
Permanent Global Note provide for relevant account holders (which, for purposes hereof, shall be 
deemed to be the Holder of the relevant Note as referred to in Condition 7 below) with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other agreed clearing system as applicable, to be able to 
enforce against the Issuer all rights which they would have had if they had been holding Definitive 
Notes to the relevant value at the time of such event. Payments by the Issuer to the relevant account 
holders will be considered as payments to the relevant Noteholder and operate as full and final 
discharge to the Issuer in this respect. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Bearer Notes may be represented upon issue by one or more 
Permanent Global Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 1(e). 
Swiss Franc Notes will be issued in bearer form only and will be represented exclusively by a 
Permanent Global Note, issued in compliance with the D Rules in accordance with the usual Swiss 
practice which shall be deposited with SIS or such other depositary as may be approved by the 
Regulatory Board of SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only if (i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS and/or any 
other agreed clearing system, as applicable, has informed the Issuer that it has or they have, as the 
case may be, ceased or will cease to act as the clearing system(s) in respect of the Permanent 
Global Note, or (ii) any of the events referred to in Condition 7 takes place, (iii) the principal Swiss 
paying agent considers, after consultation with the Issuer, the printing of Definitive Notes to be 
necessary or useful, or (iv) the presentation of Definitive Notes and Coupons is required by Swiss 
or other applicable laws or regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights of noteholders, 
or (v) such exchange is required by the Issuer as a result of changes to the tax regime in the United 
States of America, except that in each case a Permanent Global Note which forms part of a 
securities deposit (girodepot) with Euroclear Netherlands shall only be exchangeable within the 
limited circumstances as described in the Netherlands Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) and such exchange will be made in accordance therewith, the Euroclear 
Netherlands' terms and conditions and operational documents. Holders of Swiss Franc Notes will 
not have the right to request delivery of definitive notes. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, have attached 
thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a 
prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below. Definitive Notes 
will be in the standard euromarket form. Definitive Notes and Global Notes will be bearer 
instruments. Such Notes may also, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, have talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons") attached at the time of issue. If Talons are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be 
deemed to include references to Talons. If Talons are not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable. 
Bearer Notes will be in the denomination or denominations (each of which denominations must 
be integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
("Specified Denomination"). Bearer Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or

--- Page 72 ---
72 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. Bearer Notes of one denomination will not be 
exchangeable after their initial delivery for Bearer Notes of any other denomination. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, references to Notes shall, as the context may 
require, be deemed to be to Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes, interests in 
Temporary Global Notes, interests in Permanent Global Notes or, as the case may be, Definitive 
Notes. 
Registered Notes 
Paragraphs (k) to (m) of this Condition 1 shall apply to Registered Notes only. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
(i)
individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates"); or  
(ii)
one or more global note certificates (each a "Global Note Certificate"),  
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Note Certificate 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one 
or more Global Note Certificates each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Individual Note Certificates in the following limited circumstances:  
(i)
in the case of any Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of The Depositary Trust 
Company ("DTC"), if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to 
discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the Global Note 
Certificate or DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the United States 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or if at any time DTC is no longer eligible 
to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of 
receiving notice or becoming aware of such  ineligibility on the part of DTC;  
(ii)
in the case of any Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, if Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; and  
(iii)
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 7 occurs. 
Registered Notes will be in such Specified Denomination(s), specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements, and which may include a minimum denomination specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.
TITLE AND TRANSFER 
The Holder (as defined below) of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. 
Bearer Notes 
Paragraph (b) of this Condition 2 shall apply to Bearer Notes only.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes inter alia by delivery. In the 
case of Bearer Notes, references herein to the "Holders" of Notes or of Coupons or "Noteholders" 
or "Couponholders" signify the bearers of such Notes or such Coupons. 
Registered Notes 
Paragraphs (c) to (i) of this Condition 2 shall apply to Registered Notes only. 
A Registrar will maintain a register (the "Register") in respect of each Series of Registered Notes 
in accordance with the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. A certificate 
(each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its 
registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number 
which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person 
in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case 
of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Global Note Certificates will be effected by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, and in turn, by other participants and, 
if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Global Note Certificate will, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates or for a beneficial interest in another Global Note Certificate only in 
the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with 
the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.  
Subject to paragraphs (h) and (i) of this Condition 2, Registered Notes represented by an Individual 
Note Certificate may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Individual Note Certificate, 
with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the relevant Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as such Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note 
may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not 
all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the 
balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the 
Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Individual Note Certificate are the subject of the 
transfer, a new Individual Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will 
be issued to the transferor. 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (e) 
of this Condition 2, the relevant Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new 
Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant 
Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent 
or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if 
overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, 
"business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the relevant Registrar or (as the case may be) the 
relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
either Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the relevant Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the 
relevant Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the relevant 
Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
3.
STATUS 
The Notes of each Series constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu
without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for those preferred by mandatory operation of law. 
4.
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Notes remain outstanding the Issuer will not secure any other loan or indebtedness 
represented by bonds, notes or any other publicly issued debt securities which are, or are capable of being, 
traded or listed on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or similar securities market without securing the 
Notes equally and rateably with such other loan or indebtedness. 
5.
INTEREST 
5A.
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
5A.(1)
Fixed Rate Notes shall bear interest from their Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) at the rate or rates per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the redemption amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Issuing and Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
The amount of interest payable for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Broken 
Amount. A Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount payable in respect of any Series of Notes 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as an amount payable per Calculation Amount or 
as an amount payable in respect of all the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.  
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Fixed Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half 
a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, 
means one cent. 
5A.(2)
This Condition 5A.(2) shall apply to Renminbi Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the 
Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment. The 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with CNY0.005 being rounded upwards. 
The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrars (in the case of 
Registered Notes) and the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and, if the Notes are

--- Page 75 ---
75 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time 
required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
5B.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
5B.(1)
Floating Rate Notes shall bear interest at the rates per annum determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5B. 
5B.(2)
Such Notes shall bear interest from their Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Such interest will be payable on each Interest Payment Date. Each Note will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the redemption 
amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5B (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing and Paying 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
5B.(3)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (the "Rate of Interest") and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Reference Rate other than Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average and €STR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 5B.(10)), subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(i)
the offered quotation for the Reference Rate (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant 
Screen Page); or 
(ii)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate,  
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (London 
time, in the case of LIBOR or CMS London, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, EONIA 
or CMS Brussels) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Relevant Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no such offered quotation appears, in each case 
as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or a third party (with appropriate 
experience in the international debt capital markets) on its behalf shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time (as defined below) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Relevant Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(i)
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, LIBOR or EONIA, be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR or EONIA) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Relevant Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR or EONIA) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Relevant 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
and 
(ii)
if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels or CMS London, a rate determined on the basis of 
the mid-market annual swap rate as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion 
on the Interest Determination Date at approximately the Specified Time. The mid-market 
annual swap rate as referred to in the preceding sentence means the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, 
of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction denominated in EUR with respect to 
CMS Brussels and GBP with respect to CMS London with a maturity equal to the 
Designated Maturity for in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market commencing on the first day of the Interest Period with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 6 months. 
In this Condition 5B.(3) the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination 
of LIBOR or CMS London, the principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-
bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, EONIA or CMS Brussels, the 
principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent; and the expression "Specified Time" means 11.00 a.m. 
(London time, in the case of a determination of LIBOR or CMS London, or Brussels time, in the 
case of a determination of EURIBOR, EONIA or CMS Brussels). 
5B.(4)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
(subject to this Condition 5B.(4) and Condition 5B.(10)) be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Relevant Margin. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܰܫܣ௜× ݊௜
365
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏× 365
݀
where: 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Observation 
Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such 
Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period means the number of 
calendar days from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable);  
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and which shall not be as less than five without the prior written consent of the 
Calculation Agent; 
"SONIA Reference Rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a Reference Rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day); and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for that day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference 
Rate shall be:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(a)  
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the 
SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference 
Rate, the Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent 
that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose 
of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
5B.(5)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
(subject to this Condition 5B.(5) and Condition 5B.(10)) be SONIA Average plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Relevant Margin.  
"Compounded SONIA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 ( ܱܵܰܫܣܫ݊݀݁ݔா௡ௗ
ܱܵܰܫܣܫ݊݀݁ݔௌ௧௔௥௧
−1) × 365
݀
where: 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" means the Compounded SONIA Index Value on the day which 
is "p" London Banking Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period (a "SONIA 
Index Determination Start Date"); 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" means the Compounded SONIA Index Value on the day which 
is "p" London Banking Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period 
(or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (a "SONIA Index Determination End Date"); 
"p" means the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such number representing a 
number of London Banking Days and which shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as less than five without the prior written consent of the Calculation Agent;  
"d" means the number of calendar days from (and including) SONIA Compounded IndexStart to 
(but excluding) SONIA Compounded IndexEnd; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(4) above;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
"SONIA Index Determination Date" means a SONIA Index Determination Start Date or SONIA 
Index Determination End Date, as the case may be; 
the "SONIA Compounded Index Value" in relation to a SONIA Index Determination Date, shall 
be the value that is published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or 
by another information service from time to time (including on Bloomberg Screen page 
SONCINDX) at 12.30 p.m. (London time) on such SONIA Index Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Bloomberg Screen" means, when used in connection with any designated page, the display page 
so designated on the Bloomberg service, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been officially designated by the sponsor of the original 
page or source; or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, another 
published source, service or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other 
published source, service or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or 
provider (if different from the sponsor); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(4) above; and 
"London Banking Day" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(4) above. 
Subject as set out in Condition 5B.(10) below, if in respect of any SONIA Index Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available 
or has not otherwise been published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA Reference 
Rate or by another information service, as the case may be, "Compounded SONIA", for such 
Interest Period, shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date on the basis of GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND, as that rate is described in Supplement number 
55 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.), as published on 23rd April 2018 (the "ISDA Compound SONIA Definition") 
(and for the purposes of calculating Compounded SONIA on the basis of the ISDA Compound 
SONIA Definition, references in the ISDA Compound SONIA Definition to "Calculation Period" 
shall be construed as references to the period from, and including, the date which is "p" London 
Banking Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
which is "p" London Banking Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date (or if the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 7 (Events of Default), the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable (or, if such date is not a London Banking Day, the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding such date)) (each such period, a "Reference Period").  
If the SONIA Reference Rate is not published on a London Banking Day in the relevant Reference 
Period, as specified in the ISDA Compound SONIA Definition, the Calculation Agent will 
determine such SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day as being a rate 
equal to the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of the last London Banking Day for which such rate 
was published by the authorised distributors of the SONIA Reference Rate. 
If, on any London Banking Day following such London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is still not available or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation Agent will determine such 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of each such London Banking Day as being the rate (inclusive 
of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for the SONIA Reference Rate 
by (i) the administrator of SONIA (if the administrator of SONIA is the Bank of England or a 
successor national central bank), or otherwise (ii) a committee or other body officially endorsed 
or convened by one or both of the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation 
Authority (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Financial Conduct Authority and the 
Prudential Regulation Authority themselves) (or, in each case, any successor thereto) (which rate 
may be produced by the Bank of England or another administrator) and as provided or published 
by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided or published by the administrator 
thereof (or a successor administrator), as provided or published by an authorised distributor (the 
"GBP Recommended Rate").

--- Page 80 ---
80 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that no GBP Recommended Rate exists or is published, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day in respect of which 
the GBP Recommended Rate would otherwise have applied as being: (i) the Bank of England's 
Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on such London Banking Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate. 
In the event Compounded SONIA cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, Compounded SONIA shall be (i) that determined at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Interest Rate (minus the Margin) which would have been applicable to the Notes for the scheduled 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest Commencement Date 
5B.(6)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
(subject to this Condition 5B.(6) and Condition 5B.(11)) be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Relevant Margin. 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded Daily SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
Observation Period will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded Daily SOFR (or the daily SOFR used 
in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 5B.(11) below will apply. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not 
a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be 
closed; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(i)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜X  ݊௜
360
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
−1቏x 360
݀
where: 
"do," means, for any Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in such Observation Period;  
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Observation Period to, and including, 
the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Observation Period; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and which shall not be as less than five without the prior 
written consent of the Calculation Agent; 
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i 
+1"); and 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period. 
5B.(7)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being SOFR Average, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will (subject to 
this Condition 5B.(7) and Condition 5B.(11)) be SOFR Average plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Relevant Margin. 
"SOFR Average" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
൬ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔா௡ௗ
ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔௌ௧௔௥௧
−1൰× ൬360
dc
൰
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period (a "SOFR Index 
Determination Start Date"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or 
in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (a "SOFR Index Determination End Date"); 
"p" means the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such number representing a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days and which shall not be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as less than five without the prior written consent of the Calculation Agent; 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) 
SOFR IndexEnd;
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(6) above; 
"SOFR Index Determination Date" means a SOFR Index Determination Start Date or a SOFR 
Index Determination End Date, as the case may be; 
"SOFR Administrator" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(6) above; 
"SOFR Administrators Website" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(6) above; 
"SOFR Determination Time" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(6) above; 
the "SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall be the value 
as published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; and  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5B.(5)); 
Subject as set out in Condition 5B.(11) below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant 
SOFR Index Determination Date, and a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, "SOFR Average" means, for an Interest Determination Date 
with respect to an Interest Period, USD-SOFR-COMPOUND, i.e., the daily compound interest 
investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of such interest is the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)), calculated in accordance with only the formula and 
definitions required for such formula set forth in USD-SOFR-COMPOUND of Supplement 
number 57 (for the avoidance of doubt, without applying any fallbacks included therein) to the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.), as published on 16 May 2018 (and for the purposes of such provisions, references to 
"Calculation Period" shall mean, the period from and including the date which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period to, 
but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date) (or if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 (Events of Default), 
the date on which the Notes become due and payable (or, if such date is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding 
such date) and references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" shall mean Benchmark Transition 
Event (as defined below)). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
during such Interest Period, the provisions below under Condition 5B.(11)) shall apply to such 
Interest Period and any future Interest Periods (subject to the occurrence of any future Benchmark 
Transition Event).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
5B.(8)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will (subject to this 
Condition 5B.(8) and Condition 5B.(10)) be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Relevant Margin. 
"Compounded Daily €STR" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR୧ × ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
[௜ୀଵ]
቏ݔ360
݀
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in such 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in such Observation Period to, and including, the last TARGET Business 
Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
TARGET Business Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and which shall not be less than five without the prior written consent of 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date which is "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding the date which is "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
"TARGET Business Day" means any day on which the TARGET System is open; 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) system; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Business Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), 
on the website of the European Central Bank initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") (in 
each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology,

--- Page 84 ---
84 
policies or guidelines on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET 
Business Day); and 
"€STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR Reference Rate for that day "i". 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published on a TARGET Business Day as specified above, 
unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date (each as 
defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate for such TARGET Business Day shall 
be a rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published on a TARGET Business Day as specified above, and 
the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both an €STR Index Cessation Event and 
an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads 
or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no such rate 
has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if, references to "€STR" were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility 
Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem, as published on the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET Business Day 
plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR 
for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date confirmed by the 
Issuer as being the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred provided further that, 
if the Issuer confirms to the Calculation Agent that both an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
have occurred, then the rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Business 
Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and 
the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date confirmed 
by the Issuer as being the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator 
of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR); 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will 
cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate 
is longer provided. 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 (Events 
of Default), in respect of Notes for which "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being €STR, the final €STR Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
5B.(9)
Where "ISDA Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be either 
the EURIBOR Rate or the LIBOR Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (subject to 
Condition 5B.(10)) plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Relevant Margin 
(if any).  
"EURIBOR Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date relating to a Floating 
Rate Note, the rate for Euro swaps with a Designated Maturity for a specified number of years (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears on Reuters relevant ICESWAP1 Page as 
of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the related Interest Determination Date.  
"LIBOR Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date relating to a Floating Rate 
Note, the rate for Designated Reference swaps with a Designated Maturity for a specified number 
of years (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears on Reuters relevant 
ICESWAP1 Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on the related Interest Determination Date. 
The following procedures will be used if the EURIBOR Rate or the LIBOR Rate cannot be 
determined as described above:  
(i)
If the above rate is no longer displayed on the relevant ICESWAP1 Page, or if not 
displayed by 11:00 a.m., Brussels time in the case of an EURIBOR Rate or 11:00 a.m. 
London time in the case of a LIBOR Rate, on the Interest Determination Date, then the 
EURIBOR Rate will be the rate for Euro swaps, with the same maturity as the notes

--- Page 86 ---
86 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, which appears on the relevant ICESWAP1 Page 
as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the Interest Determination Date and the LIBOR Rate 
will be the rate for Designated Reference swaps, with the same maturity as the notes 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, which appears on the relevant ICESWAP1 Page 
as of 11:00 a.m. London time, on the Interest Determination Date.  
(ii)
If the information set out under (i) is no longer displayed by 11:00 a.m. Brussels time in 
the case of an EURIBOR Rate or 11:00 a.m. London time in the case of a LIBOR Rate, 
on the Interest Determination Date, then the EURIBOR Rate or LIBOR Rate will be a 
percentage determined on the basis of the mid-market, semi-annual swap rate quotations 
provided by five leading swap dealers in the Eurozone interbank market at approximately 
11:00 a.m., Brussels time with respect to an EURIBOR Rate or in the London interbank 
market at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time with respect to a LIBOR Rate on the 
Interest Determination Date. For this purpose, the semi-annual swap rate means the mean 
of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating Euro interest rate swap with respect to an EURIBOR Rate, 
or fixed-for-floating Designated Reference interest rate swap with respect to a LIBOR 
Rate transaction with a term equal to the maturity of the notes designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on that Interest Determination Date with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis, is equivalent to the rate for deposits in Euro (with respect to an EURIBOR Rate) or 
with respect to the Designated Reference (with respect to a LIBOR Rate) with a maturity 
of three months which appears on the EURIBOR001 page (with respect to EURIBOR 
Rate) or LIBOR01 page (with respect to LIBOR Rate). The Issuer will select the five 
swap dealers after consultation with the Calculation Agent and will request the principal 
Eurozone or London office of each of those dealers to provide to the Calculation Agent a 
quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations are provided, the EURIBOR Rate or 
LIBOR Rate for that Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest and lowest quotations or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest and one of the lowest quotations.  
(iii)
If fewer than three leading swap dealers selected by the Calculation Agent are quoting as 
described above, the EURIBOR Rate or LIBOR Rate will remain the EURIBOR Rate or 
LIBOR Rate, as applicable, in effect on that Interest Determination Date or, if that Interest 
Determination Date is the first Interest Determination Date, the EURIBOR Rate or 
LIBOR Rate in effect on the Interest Commencement Date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph "Designated Reference" means either Swiss Franc, Euro, 
Sterling, Japanese Yen, U.S. dollars or any other currency (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or 
Reference Rate 
5B.(10) This Condition 5B.(10) shall apply to all Notes where Condition 5B.(10) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5B, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination 
Date, that the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) has been discontinued when any Rate of Interest (or relevant part thereof) 
remains to be determined by such EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate then, the Issuer 
will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine in 
its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, whether a 
substitute or successor rate for purposes of determining the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate 
or Reference Rate in respect of each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter 
that is substantially comparable to the EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate is available 
or whether a successor rate that has been recommended or selected by the monetary authority or 
similar authority (or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency, or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
widely recognised industry association or body, is available. If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint 
an agent to act as Rate Determination Agent on reasonable terms or within a reasonable time frame 
(all to be determined in the Issuer’s sole and absolute discretion) or (2) the Rate Determination 
Agent appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Replacement Reference Rate (including any 
Reference Rate Adjustments (as defined below)) in a timely manner in accordance with this 
Condition 5B.(10), the Issuer may in its sole discretion (but shall under no circumstances be 
required to) appoint itself as Rate Determination Agent. 
For the purposes of this clause, the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall be considered discontinued when:  
(i)
the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate has ceased to be published 
on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; 
(ii)
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited (including, without limitation, for the 
Calculation Agent) pursuant to any law, regulation or instruction from a competent 
authority, to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
using the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate or otherwise make 
use of the such EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate with respect to the Notes; 
(iii)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or 
Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will 
be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(iv)
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant EURIBOR Rate, 
LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(v)
 a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant EURIBOR Rate, 
LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(vi)
(only if Pre-Cessation Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable), a 
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant EURIBOR Rate, 
LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market, 
(each a "Benchmark Event") 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and the Specified Future Date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event 
shall not be deemed to have occurred until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date. 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the 
Rate Determination Agent will use such substitute or successor rate to determine the relevant 
EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined 
a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference 
Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling at least five business days after such 
determination, (A) the Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day 
count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any

--- Page 88 ---
88 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant 
EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that it considers is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate (the "Reference 
Rate Adjustments"); (B) references to the EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate in 
these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Notes will be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such 
rate as described in (A) above; (C) the Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent of the foregoing no later than five business days prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) and the Calculation Agent specifying the 
Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above. In the event the Rate 
Determination Agent fails to notify the Calculation Agent five business days prior to the next 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin, a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin, a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Relevant Margin, a Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period). If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for 
the scheduled first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration for the 
scheduled first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5B.(10) shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, Condition 5B.(10). 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by 
the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders and no liability to any such person will attach 
to the Rate Determination Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. If the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination 
Agent or the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate (as stated 
in the Final Terms in respect of a series of Notes) will remain the rate in effect (but subject to the 
other provisions of Condition 5B) in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date, and any 
subsequent Interest Determination Dates will remain subject to the operation of the provisions of 
this Condition 5B.(10).  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement 
Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 5B.(10) and no consent 
or approval of any Noteholder shall be required. The Rate Determination Agent will (i) be (A) a 
major bank or broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed 
by the Issuer, or (B) the Issuer; and (ii) if required, have the necessary license to act as such Rate 
Determination Agent. 
This Condition 5B.(10) shall not apply to Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR", in respect of which the provisions of Condition 5B.(11) 
will apply. 
5B.(11) Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)
This Condition 5B.(11) shall apply to all Notes where Condition 5B.(11) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5B, if for any Interest Determination Date 
the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof), the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint an Independent 
Adviser to determine (in consultation with the Issuer) the Benchmark Replacement which will

--- Page 89 ---
89 
replace the then-current Benchmark (or such component) for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent Interest 
Determination Dates (subject to the subsequent operation of this provision). 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the Issuer, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the Issuer, pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to 
a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i)
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii)
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
Issuer, as applicable; and 
(iii)
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party (including the 
Calculation Agent and the Agents). 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR Average and 
if the Issuer is not able to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser does not 
determine and give notice to the Calculation Agent of a Benchmark Replacement as provided 
above five business days prior to the next Interest Determination Date, then SOFR Average shall 
be determined by the Issuer in accordance with USD-SOFR-COMPOUND as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Where: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or LIBOR as such 
terms are defined above; provided that if for any Interest Determination Date the Issuer determines 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or 
LIBOR, as the case may be (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(i)
in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is LIBOR for U.S. Dollars, the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Independent Adviser, 
in consultation with the Issuer, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A)
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B)
the sum of: (a) Compounded Daily SOFR (as determined in accordance with 
Condition 5B.(6) above) and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(C)
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof) and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(D)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(E)
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the 
Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the

--- Page 90 ---
90 
calculation thereof) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted reference 
rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark (or such component) for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii)
in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR 
Average, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(A)
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof) and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
(B)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C)
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the 
Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted reference 
rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark (or such component) for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; or 
(ii)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
(iii)
 the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate 
notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
and other administrative matters (including changes to the fallback provisions)) that the 
Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Independent Adviser, 
in consultation with the Issuer, determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
Issuer, determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(i)
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)
 in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that the Benchmark (or 
such component) is no longer representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 
"Independent Adviser" means a reputable independent financial institution or other reputable 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) of the 
applicable tenor excluding any applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 92 ---
92 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means the SOFR 
Determination Time, or (if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred), the time determined by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
Issuer, after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based 
on SOFR (as defined in Condition 5B.(6) above) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
In the event Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or LIBOR cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or LIBOR, 
as the case may be, will be (i) that determined at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest (minus the 
Margin) which would have been applicable to the Notes for the scheduled first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on, and excluding, the Interest Commencement Date." 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
5B.(12) If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
this Condition is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
this Condition is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Calculation of interest amount 
5B.(13) The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in relation 
to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect 
of the Calculation Amount in respect of such Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to such Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
Euro, means one cent. 
Linear Interpolation 
5B.(14) Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or either, whichever is applicable, the EURIBOR Rate or the LIBOR Rate 
(where ISDA Determination is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which

--- Page 93 ---
93 
shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there 
is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
For the purpose of this sub-paragraph "Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
5B.(15) In no event shall the Minimum Rate of Interest or Interest Amount be less than zero. 
5B.(16) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5B, neither the Calculation Agent and/or 
Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of any changes 
or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5B to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent and/or Agent  (as applicable), would have the effect of (i) exposing the 
Calculation Agent and/or Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or 
duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Calculation Agent and/or Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
If in the Agent and/or Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5B, 
the Agent and/or Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and / or the Independent 
Advisor thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent and/or Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent and/or Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and / or the Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof 
and the Agent and/or Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuing and Paying Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation 
Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any 
liability in respect thereof.
5C.
Interest on Dual Currency Interest Notes 
In case of Dual Currency Interest Notes payments by the Issuer of interest will be made in another 
currency or currencies than the Specified Currency. Such currency or currencies and the Rate of 
Exchange used to calculate payments of interest will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5D.
Interest on Variable Interest Rate Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Variable Interest Rate Note bears interest in the manner specified in the Final Terms and 
determined in accordance with Condition 5D.(iii) below from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, the Interest Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with the relevant Business 
Day Convention in accordance with Condition 5G (Definitions) below. 
(ii)
Rate of Interest

--- Page 94 ---
94 
The Rate of Interest applicable from time to time in respect of the Variable Interest Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner as set out in Condition 5D.(1) (Rate of Interest on Reverse 
Floater Interest Notes), Condition 5D.(2) (Rate of Interest on Step-Down Interest Notes) and 
Condition 5D.(3) (Rate of Interest on Step-Up Interest Notes) respectively below and 
supplemented by the applicable Final Terms. The terms in Condition 5D.(1), Condition 5D.(2) and 
Condition 5D.(3) each relate to a different method of calculating the Rate of Interest in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
(iii)
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will, at or as soon 
as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Variable Interest Rate 
Note in respect of each Specified Denomination (or the Calculation Amount if one is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination (or the 
Calculation Amount if one is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms), multiplying 
the resulting sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5G (Definitions) 
below) and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. If a Calculation Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of a Variable Interest Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
of such Note without any further rounding. If, however, the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Aggregate Nominal Amount Determination is applicable, then each Interest Amount or any other 
amount of interest payable in respect of a Variable Interest Rate Note for any period shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the 
relevant series of Variable Interest Rate Notes, multiplying the resulting sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, dividing the resultant figure by the number of such Notes and rounding the 
resultant figure(s) down to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency. 
5D.(1)
Rate of Interest on Reverse Floater Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest per Note in respect of each Interest Period(t) ending on but excluding, an 
Interest Payment Date ("Interest Payment Date(t)") shall be the relevant Rate of Interest (the 
"Rate of Interest(t)"), calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) If "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and the 
related Interest Period(t) is a Fixed Rate Interest Period: 
Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t) 
(ii) If (a) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms 
or (b) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and the 
related Interest Period(t) is a Variable Rate Interest Period: 
Min[Cap(t);Max[Floor(t); Fix(t) - Multiplier(t) x Underlying Rate(t)]] 
5D.(2)
Rate of Interest on Step-Down Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest per Note in respect of each Interest Period(t) ending on but excluding, an 
Interest Payment Date ("Interest Payment Date(t)") shall be the relevant Rate of Interest (the 
"Rate of Interest(t)"), calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) if (A) t = 1 or (B) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms and the related Interest Period(t) is a Fixed Rate Interest Period:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t) 
(ii) if (A) t is greater than 1 and (B)(l) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms or (2) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms and the related Interest Period(t) is a Variable Rate Interest Period: 
Rate of Interest(t-1)-Step-Down(t) 
5D.(3)
Rate of Interest on Step-Up Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest per Note in respect of each Interest Period(t) ending on but excluding, an 
Interest Payment Date ("Interest Payment Date(t)") shall be the relevant Rate of Interest (the 
"Rate of Interest(t)"), calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) if (A) t = 1 or (B) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms and the related Interest Period(t) is a Fixed Rate Interest Period: 
Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t) 
(ii) if (A) t is greater than 1 and (B)(l) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms or (2) "Fixed Rate Period" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms and the related Interest Period(t) is a Variable Rate Interest Period: 
Rate of Interest(t-1)+Step-Up(t) 
5E.
Interest – Supplemental Provision and Notification of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts 
and Interest Payment Dates 
5E.(1)
Condition 5E.(2) shall be applicable in relation to Floating Rate Notes and Condition 5E.(3) shall 
be applicable in relation to all interest-bearing Notes. 
5E.(2)
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, Floating Rate, Interest Payment Date, final 
day of a Calculation Period, Interest Amount or Floating Amount, as the case may be, determined 
by it to be notified to the Paying Agents (from whose respective specified offices such information 
will be available) as soon as practicable after such determination, but in any event not later than 
the fourth London Banking Day thereafter and, in the case of Notes admitted to listing on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or Euronext Amsterdam, the Paying Agent shall cause each 
such Rate of Interest, Floating Rate, Interest Amount or Floating Amount, as the case may be, to 
be notified to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or Euronext Amsterdam N.V., as the case may 
be. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest Amount, Floating Amount, 
Interest Payment Date or last day of a Calculation Period (or to make appropriate alternative 
arrangements by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of the extension or abbreviation 
of the relevant Interest Period or Calculation Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent and Paying Agents shall not be obliged 
to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
5E.(3)
All determinations and calculations made by the Calculation Agent shall be made by it in its sole 
discretion and in good faith, acting reasonably and on an arms-length basis. All such 
determinations and calculations so made shall be final and binding (save in the case of manifest 
error) on all parties. The Calculation Agent shall have no liability or responsibility to any person 
in relation to the determinations or calculations provided in connection herewith, except in the 
case of wilful default or bad faith. 
5F.
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
5G.
Definitions 
In this Condition 5 the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average in the applicable Final Terms) means: 
(i)
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Business Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Relevant Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i)
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii)
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, in which case the 
final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(iii)
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv)
"Floating Rate Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; provided, however, that: 
(A)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the 
first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(v)
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
"Cap(t)" means, in respect of any Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t) specified 
under the heading "Cap Schedule" in the table in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage 
specified under the heading "Cap(t)" in such table adjacent to the relevant Interest Period(t) and 
related Interest Payment Date(t). If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms Cap(t) shall be infinity; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuing and Paying Agent, or, if different, the entity as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"CMS Brussels" or "CMS London" means a rate for the Designated Maturity determined in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Option for each relevant Reset Date, each as specified in the 
Final Terms and having the meanings given to them in the ISDA Definitions; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Terms and 
Conditions or the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and  
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v)
if "Actual/365L" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 366 if the Calculation Period includes February 29th or 365 if the 
Calculation Period does not contain February 29th; 
(vi)
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
ܦܽݕܥ݋ݑ݊ݐܨݎܽܿݐ݅݋݊=
[360ݔ(ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30ݔ(ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360

--- Page 98 ---
98 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
ܦܽݕܥ݋ݑ݊ݐܨݎܽܿݐ݅݋݊=
[360ݔ(ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30ݔ(ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and  
(viii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
ܦܽݕܥ݋ݑ݊ݐܨݎܽܿݐ݅݋݊=
[360ݔ(ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30ݔ(ܯଶ−ܯଵ)] + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Rate Interest Period" means each Interest Period falling within the Fixed Rate Period (if 
any); 
"Fixed Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Rate Period" means the period (if any) from and including the Fixed Rate Period Start 
Date to and including the Fixed Rate Period End Date; 
"Fixed Rate Period End Date" means the date specified as such (if any) in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Fixed Rate Period Start Date" means the date specified as such (if any) in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Fixing Day City" means the city specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixing Days" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Fixing Day City; 
"Fix(t)" means, in respect of any Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t) specified 
under the heading "Fix Schedule" in the table in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage 
specified under the heading "Fix(t)" in such table adjacent to the relevant Interest Period(t) and 
related Interest Payment Date(t); 
"Floor(t)" means, in respect of any Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t) specified 
under the heading "Floor Schedule" in the table in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage 
specified under the heading "Floor(t)" in such table adjacent to the relevant Interest Period(t) and 
related Interest Payment Date(t). If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms Floor(t) shall be zero; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the interest determination date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(i)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii)
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate Convention and an interval of a 
number of calendar months is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the Floating Rate 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Payment Date(t-1)" means the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date(t); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"Interest Period(t)" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date(t), the period from (and 
including) Interest Payment Date(t-1) (or, if Interest Payment Date(t) is the first Interest Payment 
Date, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) Interest Payment Date(t); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Linear Interpolation" means the method for determining the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes 
as specified in Condition 5B.(14); 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi colon inside those brackets; 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a semi colon inside those brackets; 
"Multiplier(t)" means, in respect of any Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t) 
specified under the heading "Multiplier Schedule" in the table in the applicable Final Terms, the 
percentage specified under the heading "Multiplier(t)" in such table adjacent to the relevant Interest 
Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t). If no Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms the Multiplier(t) shall be 100 per cent; 
"Number of Fixing Days" means the number of Fixing Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t)" means, in respect of any Interest Period(t) and related Interest 
Payment Date(t) specified under the heading "Rate of Interest(Fixed) Schedule" in the table in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate specified under the heading "Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t)" in such 
table adjacent to the relevant Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t); 
"Rate of Interest(t-1)" means the Rate of Interest in respect of Interest Payment Date(t-1); 
"Reference Rate" means the Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as 
being CMS London, CMS Brussels, LIBOR, EURIBOR EONIA, SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, SOFR Average or €STR; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(ii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Margin" means the margin applicable to the Notes as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption or column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page(Underlying)" means the screen page specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Step-Down(t)" means, in respect of any Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t) 
specified under the heading "Step-Down Schedule" in the table in the applicable Final Terms, the 
percentage specified under the heading "Step-Down(t)" in such table adjacent to the relevant 
Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t); 
"Step-Up(t)" means, in respect of any Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t) 
specified under the heading "Step-Up Schedule" in the table in the applicable Final Terms, the 
percentage specified under the heading "Step-Up(t)" in such table adjacent to the relevant Interest 
Period(t) and related Interest Payment Date(t); 
"t" is an ascending series of unique positive integers starting from and including 1 (one) up to and 
including T, each denoting one Interest Period (and its related Interest Payment Date) in 
chronological order; 
"T" means the total number of Interest Periods (or related Interest Payment Dates); 
"Underlying ISDA Rate(t)" means, in respect of an Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment 
Date(t), a rate equal to the EURIBOR Rate or the LIBOR Rate (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). "EURIBOR Rate" means, with respect to any Underlying Rate Determination Date(t) 
relating to a Reverse Floater Interest Note, the rate for Euro swaps with a Designated Maturity for 
a specified number of years (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears on Reuters 
relevant ICESWAP1 Page as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the related Underlying Rate 
Determination Date(t). "LIBOR Rate" means, with respect to any Underlying Rate Determination 
Date(t) relating to a Reverse Floater Interest Rate, the rate for Designated Reference swaps with a 
Designated Maturity for a specified number of years (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
which appears on Reuters relevant ICESWAP1 Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on the related 
Underlying Rate Determination Date(t); 
"Underlying Rate(t)" means, in respect of an Interest Period(t) and related Interest Payment 
Date(t), the rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying ISDA Rate(t) or 
Underlying Screen Rate(t), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Rate Determination Date(t)" means, in respect of an Interest Period(t) and related 
Interest Payment Date(t), (i) if" Fixing in Advance" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Number of Fixing Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period(t), (ii) if "Fixing in Arrear" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Number of Fixing Days prior to the last day of such 
Interest Period(t), (iii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Screen Rate(t)" means, in respect of an Interest Period(t) and related Interest 
Payment Date(t), and subject as provided below, either: 
(i)
the offered quotation for the Underlying Reference Rate (if there is only one quotation on 
the Relevant Screen Page (Underlying)); or 
(ii)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Underlying Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page(Underlying) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR 
or CMS London, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, EONIA or CMS Brussels) 
on the Underlying Rate Determination Date(t) in question all as determined by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page(Underlying), the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page(Underlying) is not available or if in the case of (i) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuing and 
Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Underlying Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Underlying Rate 
Determination Date(t) in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuing and 
Paying Agent with such offered quotations, the Underlying Screen Rate(t) for such Interest 
Period(t) shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations. 
If on any Underlying Rate Determination Date(t) one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Issuing and Paying Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Underlying Screen Rate(t) for the relevant Interest Period(t) shall: 
(i)
if the Underlying Reference Rate is EURIBOR, LIBOR or EONIA, be the rate per annum 
which the Issuing and Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuing and Paying Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Underlying Rate Determination Date(t), deposits in 
the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period(t) by leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market (if the Underlying Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone inter-
bank market (if the Underlying Reference Rate is EURIBOR or EONIA) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuing and Paying Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period(t), 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period(t), at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Underlying Rate Determination Date(t), any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Issuing and Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-
bank market (if the Underlying Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone interbank 
market (if the Underlying Reference Rate is EURIBOR or EONIA), provided that, if the 
Underlying Screen Rate(t) cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing

--- Page 103 ---
103 
provisions of this paragraph, the Underlying Screen Rate(t) shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Underlying Rate Determination Date(t); and 
(ii)
if the Underlying Reference Rate is CMS Brussels or CMS London, be the rate 
determined on the basis of the mid-market annual swap rate quotations provided by five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank swap market, as selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion on the Underlying Rate Determination Date(t) at approximately the 
Specified Time. The mid-market annual swap rate as referred to in the preceding sentence 
means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated 
on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating EUR interest rate swap transaction 
with a maturity equal to the term mentioned in the relevant interest rate swap transaction 
for in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
commencing on the first day of the Interest Period(t) with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 6 months. 
In this clause the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR 
or CMS London, the principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market 
and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, EONIA or CMS Brussels, the principal Eurozone 
office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent; and the expression "Specified Time" means 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the 
case of a determination of LIBOR or CMS London, or Brussels time, in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, EONIA or CMS Brussels); and 
"Variable Rate Interest Period" means each Interest Period(t) falling outside of the Fixed Rate 
Period. 
6.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes and as a result of any change in or amendment to applicable 
law (which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of such Notes or, in the case of a Substituted Debtor which is organised or tax resident in a 
jurisdiction different to that of the Issuer, the date on which such successor jurisdiction becomes a 
successor jurisdiction), the Issuer (or Substituted Debtor) determines that it would, on the occasion 
of the next payment due in respect of such Notes, be required to pay additional amounts in 
accordance with Condition 8 and that such obligation is not avoidable by the taking of reasonable 
measures available to the Issuer (or Substituted Debtor), then the Issuer (or Substituted Debtor) 
may, upon the expiry of the appropriate notice, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Series at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(g) 
below, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
Optional Early Redemption (Issuer Call Option) 
If "Issuer Call Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, upon the expiry of the appropriate notice, redeem all or some only of the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding on the optional redemption date(s) (the "Optional Redemption 
Date(s)") at the optional redemption amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount") specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the 
minimum redemption amount ("Minimum Redemption Amount") and not more than the 
maximum redemption amount ("Maximum Redemption Amount"), both as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Appropriate Notice 
The appropriate notice referred to in Conditions 6(b) and 6(c) of these Terms and Conditions is a 
notice given by the Issuer to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Holders of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (in accordance with Condition 15(a)), which notice shall be duly signed on behalf 
of the Issuer and shall specify: 

the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 

whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be redeemed; 

the due date for such redemption, which shall be a Business Day which is not less than 
thirty days (or such lesser period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) after 
the date on which such notice is validly given, which is (in the case of a redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b)) not earlier than sixty days before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would (if a payment were then to be made in respect of such Notes) be obliged to 
pay additional amounts in accordance with Condition 8, and which is (in the case of Notes 
which bear interest at a floating rate) a date upon which interest is payable; 

(in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b)) the circumstances giving rise to 
the Issuer's entitlement to effect such redemption in accordance with Condition 6(b); and 

(in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b)) that a named firm of lawyers in the 
applicable jurisdiction of recognised standing has given an opinion (a copy of which is 
attached to the notice) to the effect that the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next 
payment in respect of such Notes, be obliged to pay additional amounts in accordance with 
Condition 8. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Partial Redemption 
If some only of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 6(c), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot 
in such European city as the Issuing and Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other 
manner or in such other place as the Issuing and Paying Agent may approve and deem appropriate 
and fair, subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes may be listed and, in the case of Registered Notes, each 
Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date, provided that for so long as the relevant Notes 
are represented by a Temporary Global Note and/or a Permanent Global Note or one or more 
Global Note Certificates, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion), provided further, that any Note represented by a Temporary 
Global Note shall only be accepted for redemption upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Optional Early Redemption (Investor Put Option) 
If "Investor Put Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any Note of the relevant 
Series, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at its principal amount (or such other Optional Redemption Amount as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. In order to exercise 
such option, the Holder must, not less than forty-five days before the date so specified (or such

--- Page 105 ---
105 
other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), deposit the relevant Note (together, 
in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Note, with any unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed redemption notice in the form 
which is available from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, in the case of a 
Permanent Global Note, with the form of redemption notice endorsed thereon duly completed, 
and, in the case of Bearer Notes which were issued in accordance with the D Rules and are 
represented by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Note 
or Definitive Notes, certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as required 
under the D Rules. 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b) and Condition 7, each Note will be redeemed at its early 
redemption amount ("Early Redemption Amount") calculated as follows: 
(i)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Installment Note) 
with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the principal 
amount or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is 
denominated, at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its principal amount; 
or 
(ii)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the reference price ("Reference Price") as specified in the Final Terms; and 
"AY" means the accrual yield ("Accrual Yield") as specified in the Final Terms; and 
"y" is a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a Day Count Fraction (specified in the applicable Final Terms)) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of which is calculated on the basis of a Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii)
in any other case, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its principal amount. 
Redemption of Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Redemption Notes, payments by the Issuer of principal will be made 
in another currency or currencies than the Specified Currency. Such currency or currencies and 
the Rate of Exchange used to calculate payments of principal will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Installment Notes 
Installment Notes will be repaid in the installment amounts ("Installment Amounts") and on the 
installment dates ("Installment Dates") specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 6(g) 
above.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Purchase of Notes 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
provided that, in the case of interest-bearing Definitive Notes, any unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith. Notes so purchased by the 
Issuer may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
Cancellation of Redeemed Notes 
All unmatured Notes redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6 and, in the case of interest-
bearing Definitive Notes, any unmatured Coupons or unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to this Condition or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
7 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(g) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid;  
and 
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
7.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
The Holder of any Note may give written notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent that such Note 
is, and such Note shall accordingly immediately become, without further notice being required, 
save as specified in (ii) below, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 6(g)), together with interest accrued to the date of repayment, upon the occurrence of 
any of the following events ("Events of Default") unless, prior to the giving of such notice, all 
Events of Default shall have been cured or otherwise made good: 
(i)
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due on the Notes or any of 
them and such default continues for a period of 30 days; or 
(ii)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and 
(except where such failure is incapable of remedy, when no such notice will be required) 
such failure continues for a period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer of 
notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii)
if any order shall be made by a competent court or other authority or resolution passed 
for the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or for the appointment of a liquidator or 
receiver of the Issuer or of all or substantially all of its respective assets or if the Issuer 
enters into a composition with its creditors, or the Issuer admits in writing that it cannot 
pay its debts generally as they become due, initiates a proceeding in bankruptcy, or is 
adjudicated bankrupt. 
8.
TAXATION 
All amounts payable (whether of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise), in respect 
of the Notes, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account

--- Page 107 ---
107 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by 
the Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deductions, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of payment in respect of any Note or Coupon under 
any of the following circumstances: 
(i)
the Holder or beneficial owner of the Note or Coupon is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having or having had some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon or the mere receipt of payments under such Note or Coupon;  
(ii)
the Holder or beneficial owner of the Note or Coupon would otherwise not be liable or 
subject to such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption or reduction as foreseen in the laws of the Netherlands 
or in the relevant treaties for the avoidance of double taxation to the relevant tax 
authorities or could avoid such withholding or deduction by providing information or a 
certification concerning nationality, residence, or identity or satisfying any other 
information or reporting requirement imposed by the relevant authority; 
(iii)
the Note or Coupon is presented (where presentation is required) more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such 
period of 30 days; or 
(iv)
the withholding or deduction is imposed on a holder or beneficial holder who would have 
been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or 
Coupon (where presentation is required) to another Paying Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts will be paid by BNG Bank or any Paying Agent 
on account of any deduction or withholding from a payment on, or in respect of, the Notes or 
Coupons where such deduction or withholding is imposed pursuant to, or in connection with, 
FATCA (as defined below). 
In addition, additional amounts will not be paid with respect to any payment on or with respect to 
the Notes or Coupons to any Holder that is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited liability company 
or any person other than the sole beneficial owner of the Notes or Coupons to the extent such 
payment would be required under Dutch tax laws to be included in the income of a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to such fiduciary, a member of such partnership, an interest holder in such 
limited liability company or a beneficial owner that would not have been entitled to such additional 
amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member, interest holder or beneficial owner been the Holder 
of the relevant Notes or Coupons.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which 
such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has not 
been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or, in respect of Swiss Franc Notes only, the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on which the full 
amount of such moneys has been so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given 
to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to payments in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 8 or any 
undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
9.
PAYMENTS 
All payments will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, including any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental 
agreement with respect thereto or any law implementing, or relating to, an intergovernmental 
agreement ("FATCA"). Neither BNG Bank nor any Paying Agent will be liable for, or required 
to pay any additional amounts as a result of the withholding or deduction from a payment on the 
Notes pursuant to, or in connection with, FATCA. 
Bearer Notes 
Paragraphs (b) to (f) of this Condition 9 shall apply to Bearer Notes only. 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the redemption of Bearer Notes will be 
made against presentation (and in the case of a Temporary Global Note, upon due certification as 
required therein) and, save in the case of a partial redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, 
surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside 
the United States. 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made: 
(i)
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against presentation 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States and, in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note, upon due certification as required therein; 
(ii)
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents outside the United States; and 
(iii)
in the case of Definitive Notes and delivered with Coupons attached thereto, against 
surrender of the relevant Coupons at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside the United States. 
(iv)
Notwithstanding paragraphs (b) and (i), (ii) and (iii) above, payments may be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in 
United States dollars, (ii) payment of the full amount of such payment at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Notes is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, then 
the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof in such place until the next following 
such Payment Business Day in such place and no further payment shall be due in respect of such 
delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions. 
Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto should be surrendered for 
final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, failing which: 
(i)
unmatured Coupons will be deducted from the amount otherwise payable on such final 
redemption, the amount so deducted being payable against surrender of the relevant 
Coupon at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents at any time prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the due date of such final redemption; and

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(ii)
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at, or at a margin above or below, a 
floating rate, all unmatured Coupons relating to such Definitive Notes (whether or not 
surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in 
respect of them. 
Payments of amounts due (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Notes 
will be made by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an account maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the Relevant Financial Centre. Payments will, without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8, be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations. 
 On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a 
Coupon Sheet relating to the Definitive Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 11 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Definitive Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon(s) 
will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
Registered Notes 
Paragraphs (h) to (l) of this Condition 9 shall apply to Registered Notes only. 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined 
below) of the Holder appearing in the Register at the close of business on the third business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Registrar is located) before the relevant due date for payment. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a Holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) 
the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
"Designated Account" means the account designated in the Specified Currency (which, in the 
case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than Euro) a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in Euro) any bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured 
mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the relevant Registrar is located 
immediately preceding the relevant due date to the Holder of the Registered Note appearing in the 
relevant Register at the close of business on the Record Date at its address shown in the relevant 
Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the Holder to the specified office 
of the relevant Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of 
the relevant Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a 
Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in 
the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future 
payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes 
which become payable to the Holder who has made the initial application until such time as the 
relevant Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due 
in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of 
the principal amount of such Registered Note.  
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due 
date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of 
the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the 
case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of any delay in payment 
resulting from the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or a cheque posted 
in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of 
partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and 
the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Global 
Note Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Swiss Franc Notes 
Paragraph (m) of this Condition 9 shall apply to Swiss Franc Notes only. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without taking account of 
any future transfer restrictions and/or regardless of any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments. 
Payment to the Principal Swiss Paying Agent by the Issuer and the receipt by the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of the funds in Swiss francs in Switzerland shall 
release the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes and Coupons for the purposes of payment of 
principal and interest due on the respective payment dates to the extent of such payments. 
Payment of principal and/or interest shall be made in freely disposable Swiss francs without 
collection costs in Switzerland to the Noteholders and/or Couponholders, without any restrictions, 
whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the 
Noteholders and/or Couponholders and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the 
fulfillment of any other formality. 
Renminbi Notes 
This Condition 9(n) applies to Renminbi Notes only. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 9: 
(i)
(A)
Payments in Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in Hong 
Kong; and 
(B)
Payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant Renminbi amount, 
determined in accordance with this Condition 9(n), will be made by credit or 
transfer to a U.S. dollar account (or any other account to which U.S. dollar may 
be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by 
a U.S. dollar cheque, provided, however, that no payment will be made by transfer 
to an account in, or by cheque mailed to an address in, the United States. 
(ii)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 9(n)(ii) applies, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy

--- Page 111 ---
111 
payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of Renminbi Notes when 
due in Renminbi, the Issuer may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi amount. Upon 
the determination that a condition of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity 
prevails, the Issuer shall no later than 10:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate 
Calculation Date, (i) notify the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents, and (ii) notify 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) of such determination. 
Any payment made in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of a Renminbi amount under this Condition 9(n) 
will constitute valid payment, and will not constitute a default in respect of the Renminbi Notes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "U.S. Dollar Equivalent" of a Renminbi amount 
means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the 
relevant Rate Calculation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date. 
For this purpose: 
(A)
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
noteality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong or the PRC; 
(B)
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-transferability, as 
determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers, as a result of which the Issuer cannot, 
having used its reasonable endeavours, obtain sufficient Renminbi in order fully to satisfy 
its obligation to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Renminbi 
Notes; 
(C)
"Inconvertibility" means that the Issuer determines (in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, 
impracticable, for it to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi Notes in the 
general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility 
or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable 
endeavours, impracticable for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
(D)
"Non-transferability" means that the Issuer determines (in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that it is impossible or, having used its reasonable 
endeavours, impracticable, for it to deliver Renminbi (i) between accounts inside Hong 
Kong or (ii) from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong, other 
than where such impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible or, 
having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable for the Issuer due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
(E)
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China; 
(F)
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in Hong Kong and New York City; 
(G)
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date of the relevant amount under these Terms and Conditions;

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(H)
"Renminbi" or "CNY" means the official currency of the People's Republic of China; 
(I)
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international 
repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; and 
(J)
"Spot Rate" means, for a Rate Calculation Date, the spot USD/CNY exchange rate for 
the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to 
Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the spot rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation 
Date as the most recently available USD/CNY official fixing rate for settlement on the 
due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on 
the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for 
the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 9(n) by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrars (in the case of Registered Notes) and all Holders 
of Notes and Holders of Coupons. 
Notes cleared through DTC denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars 
(m.1) 
This Condition 9(m.1) applies to Notes in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars held 
through DTC only. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions: 
(i)
Notes held through, and payments made through, DTC 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes held through DTC and represented by a 
Global Note Certificate which are denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars 
will be made in U.S. dollars, unless the holder of such Notes elects to receive payments in respect 
of all or part of its Notes in the relevant Specified Currency in accordance with the procedures set 
out under item (ii) below. To the extent that holders of such Notes shall not have made such 
election in respect of any payment of principal or interest, the aggregate amount designated for all 
such holders of Notes in respect of such payment (the "Conversion Amount") will be converted 
by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") 
into U.S. dollars and paid by wire transfer of same-day funds to, or to the order of, the registered 
holder for payment through DTC's settlement system to the relevant DTC participants. All costs 
of any such conversion will be deducted from such payments. Any such conversion will be based 
on the Exchange Agent's bid quotation, at or prior to 11.00 a.m., New York City time, on the 
second business day preceding the relevant payment date, for the purchase by the Exchange Agent 
of the Conversion Amount with U.S. dollars for settlement on such payment date. If such bid 
quotation is not available, the Exchange Agent will obtain a bid quotation from a leading foreign 
exchange bank in New York City selected by the Exchange Agent in its discretion for such 
purpose. If no bid quotation from a leading foreign exchange bank is available, payment of the 
Conversion Amount will be made in the Specified Currency to the account or accounts specified 
by DTC to the Exchange Agent. Until such account or accounts are so specified, the funds still 
held by the Exchange Agent will bear interest at the rate of interest quoted by the Exchange Agent 
for deposits with it on an overnight basis, to the extent that the Exchange Agent is reasonably able 
to reinvest such funds. 
(ii)
Notes held through DTC, and payments made outside, DTC 
Any holder of Notes held through DTC and represented by a Global Note Certificate which are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars may elect to receive payment of

--- Page 113 ---
113 
principal and interest with respect to all or part of its Notes in the Specified Currency by causing 
DTC, through the relevant DTC participant, to notify the Exchange Agent of (i) such Noteholder's 
election to receive all or a portion of such payment in the Specified Currency and (ii) wire transfer 
instructions to an account in the Specified Currency. Such election in respect of any payment may 
be made by the Noteholder at the time and in the manner required by the DTC procedures 
applicable from time to time and will, in accordance with such procedures, be irrevocable. DTC's 
notification of such election, wire transfer instructions and the amount payable in the Specified 
Currency pursuant to this paragraph must be received by the Exchange Agent prior to 5.00 p.m. 
New York City time, on the fifth New York business day prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the case of interest and prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the eighth New York 
business day prior to the Maturity Date for the payment of principal. Any such payment in the 
Specified Currency will be made in accordance with the Agency Agreement by wire transfer of 
same-day funds to accounts denominated in the Specified Currency designated to the Exchange 
Agent by DTC. Paragraphs (h) and (i) of this Condition 9 do not apply to payments made pursuant 
to this item (ii). 
Alternative Currency 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, whenever the Issuer is due to make any payment in 
a currency other than Euro in respect of any Notes and such currency (the "Original Currency") 
is not available on the foreign exchange markets due to the imposition of exchange controls or due 
to the Original Currency's replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the Issuer's 
control, the Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its obligation in respect of that payment by making 
that payment in another currency (the "Alternative Currency"). The amount of the payment in 
the Alternative Currency and the applicable exchange rate will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Any payment made by the Issuer under such circumstances in the Alternative Currency 
shall constitute valid payment and shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 7. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(i)
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or if so specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
TARGET System; 
(ii)
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which 
the Global Note Certificate is being held is open for business;  
(iii)
"Eurozone" means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
Euro; 
(iv)
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(A)
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
in the case of a Definitive Note or an Individual Note Certificate only, 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
a TARGET Business Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(B)
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
in the case of a Definitive Note or an Individual Note Certificate only, 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for

--- Page 114 ---
114 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Relevant Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre or, if TARGET System is specified 
as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
which is a TARGET Business Day; 
(v)
"Record Date" means the 15th day (whether or not such 15th day is a business day) 
before the due date of the relevant payment, provided that for so long as the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note Certificate and such Global Note Certificate is held by or 
on behalf of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system, "Record Date" shall mean the Clearing System Business Day before the due date 
of the relevant payment. 
(vi)
"Relevant Financial Centre" means (unless varied or restated in the applicable Final 
Terms): 

in relation to Notes denominated in Australian dollars, Melbourne; 

in relation to Notes denominated in Japanese yen, Tokyo; 

in relation to Notes denominated in New Zealand dollars, Auckland and 
Wellington; 

in relation to Notes denominated in British pounds, London; 

in relation to Notes denominated in Swiss francs, Zürich; 

in relation to Notes denominated in United States dollars, New York City; 

in relation to Notes denominated in Canadian dollars, Toronto; and 

in relation to Notes denominated in any other currency, such financial center or 
centers as may be specified in relation to the relevant currency and for the 
purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in the 2000 or 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as amended and updated from time to time), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
10.
REDENOMINATION 
Notes denominated in the currency of a member state of the European Union in relation to which 
"Redenomination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, may be 
redenominated into Euro in accordance with this Condition 10. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 14, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders 
of Notes or Coupons, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Holders of Notes and Coupons 
in accordance with Condition 15, designate a Redenomination Date with respect to a Series of 
Notes. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i)
each Note and, in the case of a Fixed Rate Note each amount of interest specified in the 
Coupons, shall (unless already so provided by mandatory provisions of applicable law) 
be deemed to be redenominated into such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its 
denomination in the Specified Currency converted into Euro at the fixed rate for 
conversion of the relevant currency into Euro established by the Council of the European

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Union pursuant to Article 123(4) of the Treaty (as defined below) (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with European Union regulations); 
(ii)
all payments in respect of the Notes, other than payments of interest in respect of periods 
commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in Euro, as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to Euro. Such payments will be 
made in Euro by cheque drawn on or by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; 
(iii)
the Issuer may elect that the Notes shall be exchangeable for Notes expressed to be 
denominated in Euro in accordance with such arrangements as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Issuing and Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the 
notice, including arrangements under which Coupons unmatured at the date so specified 
become void and replaced by new Coupons; 
(iv)
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than one year, it will, if the Issuer so decides, be calculated on the basis of the actual 
number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the number of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
number of those days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(v)
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer may adjust the reference rate of the Notes 
to any of LIBOR, EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS London or CMS Brussels and, if required, 
any or all Interest Payment Dates as it deems necessary in accordance with the then 
pertaining market practice taking into account the redenomination and in order to preserve 
the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer in respect of interest under such 
Notes; and 
(vi)
such other changes will be made to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as the Issuer 
may decide, after consultation with the Issuing and Paying Agent, to conform such Notes 
to market conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in Euro including, 
without limitation, amending the definition of "Business Day" to be a day on which 
TARGET2 is operating and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in Euro in the place of presentation instead of a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency 
in London and in the relevant currency in the Relevant Financial Centre. Any such 
changes will not take effect until they have been notified to the Holders of Notes and 
Coupons and any relevant stock exchange(s) on which the Notes are listed in accordance 
with Condition 15. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions: 
"Redenomination Date" means a date which: 
(i)
in relation to interest-bearing Notes, shall be an Interest Payment Date; 
(ii)
is specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders pursuant to this Condition 10; 
and 
(iii)
falls on or after the date on which the country of the relevant currency participates in the 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
In connection with any such redenomination contemplated by this Condition 10, and without 
prejudice to Condition 15, the Issuer may also from time to time, without the consent of the Holders 
of Notes or Coupons, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes ("Other Notes") 
issued by it, whether or not originally issued in the relevant currency or in Euro, provided that such 
Other Notes have been redenominated into Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and

--- Page 116 ---
116 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same or substantially 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes, and in all cases as set out in full in the applicable 
notice. 
11.
PRESCRIPTION  
Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within five years after the due 
date for payment. 
12.
AGENTS 
The initial Agents and their respective initial specified offices are specified in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
(including the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Registrars) and to appoint additional or other 
Agents, provided that it will at all times maintain: 
an Issuing and Paying Agent,  
a Registrar,  
a Paying Agent with a specified office in continental Europe,  
so long as any Notes are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, a Paying Agent with a specified office 
in Switzerland; 
so long as any Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in Luxembourg; and 
so long as any Notes are listed on Euronext Amsterdam, a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
Amsterdam. 
The Agents reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same city. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the 
Agents will be notified promptly to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15. 
13.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, NOTE CERTIFICATES AND COUPONS 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or 
the relevant Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
14.
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS 
Meetings of holders 
The Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer 
and the Holders of Notes or Coupons, for convening meetings of the Holders of Notes of any 
Series to consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification or waiver of the 
Terms and Conditions applicable to any Series of Notes. Notice specifying the date, time and place

--- Page 117 ---
117 
or platform of any such meeting shall be given to the Holders of Notes of the relevant Series by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
Modification 
The Issuer may amend the Notes and these Terms and Conditions without the consent of the 
Holders of the Notes or Coupons to make any change which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, is made to correct a manifest error or is required in accordance with Conditions 5B.(10) 
and/or 5B.(11). In addition, the parties to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Holders of 
the Notes or Coupons, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, 
it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Holders of the Notes or Coupons. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders of the Notes or Coupons and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Holders of the Notes or Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter.  
Resolutions passed in writing 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
15.
NOTICES 
(a) 
To Holders of Notes and Coupons
Notices to Holders of Notes and Coupons will be deemed to be validly given if (1) in the case of 
Bearer Notes, published in a leading daily English language newspaper having general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, 
if published in a leading English language newspaper having general circulation in Europe and 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more 
than once, on the date of first such publication) or (2) in the case of Registered Notes, if sent by 
first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the Holders at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth 
day after mailing, provided that: 
(i)
for so long as all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a 
Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Note Certificate 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary 
Global Note are), or the Global Note Certificate is, registered in the name of DTC's 
nominee or deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to DTC 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been validly given to the 
Noteholders on the date of delivery to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system;  
(ii)
in the case of Notes admitted to listing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (for as long 
as the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange require), all notices regarding a Note 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort); and 
(iii)
in the case of Notes admitted to Listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange, all notices to 
Noteholders will be deemed to have been given if published by the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent at the expense of the Issuer, (i) by means of electronic publication on the internet

--- Page 118 ---
118 
website of SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd under the section headed "Official Notices" 
(https://www.six-exchange-regulation.com/en/home/publications/official-notices.html), 
or (ii) otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. Notices 
shall be deemed to be validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered at BNG Bank N.V., 
Koninginnegracht 2, 2514 AA, The Hague, the Netherlands and clearly marked on their exterior 
"Urgent – Attention: TVB Dealing Room" (or at such other address and for such other attention 
as may have been notified to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 15) and 
will be deemed to have been validly given at the opening of business on the next day on which the 
Issuer's principal office is open for business. 
16.
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Notes or Coupons of, as 
the case may be, any Series of Notes and Coupons, issue further notes, having terms and conditions 
the same as those of the Notes, or the same except for the amount of the first payment of interest, 
which may be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes provided that in the case of 
Bearer Notes which were issued in accordance with the D Rules that are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Note or Definitive 
Notes, such consolidation can only occur following the exchange of interests in the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes upon certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership and provided further that in the case of Registered Notes (where 
the original Notes were or the further notes are issued under Rule 144A), such further notes will 
have a unique CUSIP, ISIN, Common Code and/or any other identifying number unless such 
additional notes are fungible with the previously issued Notes for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
17.
ADDITIONAL OBLIGATIONS 
If Notes have been admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam, the Issuer will, as long as the Notes 
are listed on Euronext Amsterdam, comply with the provisions set forth in the Rule Books of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. or any amended form of the said provisions as in force at the date of 
the issue of these Notes. 
18.
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer or any previous substitute of the Issuer under this Condition may at any time be replaced 
and substituted by any company (incorporated in any country in the world) controlling, controlled 
by or under common control with the Issuer as the principal debtor in respect of any Series of 
Notes (any such company, the "Substituted Debtor"), provided that: 
(i)
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor 
is not the Issuer) the Issuer or any previous substitute as aforesaid as may be necessary to 
give full effect to the substitution (together the "Documents") and (without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in 
favour of each Noteholder to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the provisions 
of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had 
been named in the Notes and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement as the principal 
debtor in respect of the Notes in place of the Issuer or any previous substitute as aforesaid; 
(ii)
without prejudice to the generality of sub-paragraph (i) hereof, where the Substituted 
Debtor is incorporated or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other than the 
Netherlands, or is undertaking its obligations with respect to the Notes through a branch 
in another such territory (or successor jurisdiction), the Documents shall contain a 
covenant and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder

--- Page 119 ---
119 
has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 8 
above with the substitution for the references to the Netherlands (or any previously 
substituted territory as the case may be) with references to the successor jurisdiction; 
(iii)
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation (a) that the Substituted Debtor 
and the Issuer (or any previous substitute as aforesaid) have obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for the 
giving by the Issuer of the Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor, that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the 
Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by the Substituted 
Debtor and any Guarantee (as defined below) given by the Issuer are each valid and 
binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
and 
(iv)
Condition 7 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event of Default 
under the said Condition if the Guarantee (as defined below) shall cease to be valid or 
binding on or enforceable against the Issuer; and upon the Documents becoming valid 
and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor the Issuer hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable 
by the Substituted Debtor as such principal debtor (such guarantee of the Issuer herein 
referred to as the "Guarantee"). 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory 
and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 18(a)(ii), shall be entitled to 
claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes and Coupons any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
Upon the Documents becoming valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer (in respect of its provision of the Guarantee) (as "Guarantor") (and upon a legal opinion to 
that effect being issued by local counsel of recognised standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the Substituted Debtor), the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or any previous substitute under these provisions) and the 
Notes shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution 
of the Documents shall, in the case of the substitution of the Issuer as principal debtor, operate to 
release the Issuer as issuer and, in the case of the substitution of a Substituted Debtor (if such 
Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer), operate to release such Substituted Debtor as principal debtor, 
from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
The documents referred to in paragraph (a) above shall be deposited with and held by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent for so long as any Notes remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made 
against the Substituted Debtor or (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer by any 
Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, 
settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the 
Issuer acknowledge the right of every Noteholder to the production of the Documents for the 
enforcement of any of the Notes or the Documents. 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18, the term "control" means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a 
company, whether by contract or through the ownership, directly or indirectly, of voting shares in 
such company which, in the aggregate, entitle the holder thereof to elect a majority of its directors, 
and includes any company in like relationship to such first mentioned company, and for this

--- Page 120 ---
120 
purpose "voting shares" means shares in the capital of a company having the right to elect the 
directors thereof, and "controlling", "controlled" and "under common control" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Any substitution of a Substituted Debtor for the Issuer may be considered for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes to be an exchange of the Notes for new Notes by the beneficial owners of such Notes, 
which may result in recognition of taxable gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes and 
other possible adverse tax consequences. U.S. beneficial owners should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding the U.S. federal, state and local income tax consequences of any substitution. 
19.
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Notes and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
The Issuer irrevocably submits, for the exclusive benefit of the Holders of the Notes, to the 
jurisdiction of the Court (Rechtbank) and its appellate courts at The Hague, the Netherlands. 
The Issuer is not entitled to claim for itself or any of its assets immunity from suit, execution, 
attachment or other legal process except in respect of assets located in the Netherlands that have a 
public utility function (goederen bestemd voor de openbare dienst) as reflected in the books and 
records of the Issuer and the issue of this Note constitutes, and the performance by the Issuer of 
its obligations hereunder will constitute, commercial acts done and performed for commercial 
purposes.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Form of Final Terms for an issue by BNG Bank N.V. under the Euro 100,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Programme. 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
BNG Bank N.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the 
laws of the Netherlands and having its 
statutory domicile in The Hague) 
Euro 100,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes] [Title of Notes] due [day] [month] [year] (the "Notes") 
Series No.: [●] 
FINAL TERMS 
[The Notes will[, when and to the extent that the [Temporary Global Note/Permanent Global Note] (as 
defined herein) is exchanged for [Definitive Notes/Permanent Global Note] (as defined herein),] be 
consolidated and become fungible and form a single Series with the [full name of original issue] issued by 
the Issuer on [date] Series No.[•] [and the [full name of any reopenings], which Notes formed the subject 
matter of a Final Terms dated [date][, on the Issue Date].] 
The date of these Final Terms is [date]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(Option 1 – The following legend applies if there will be a public offer of the Notes) 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes in any member state of the European 
Economic Area (each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person 
making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i)
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 9(viii) of Part B below, provided 
such person is a Dealer, Manager or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base 
Prospectus) and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein 
and that any conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii)
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any [Manager/Dealer] to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any [Manager/Dealer] has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances. 
(Option 2 – The following legend applies if there will not be a public offer of the Notes) 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of Notes in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any [Manager/Dealer] to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any [Manager/Dealer] has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
(End of options 1 and 2) 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). 
(Option A – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under the 
current base prospectus) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Terms and Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 May 2021 [, as 
supplemented by the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation to 
the Euro 100,000,000,000 debt issuance programme of BNG Bank N.V. which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information.
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  
[A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(Option B – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under a previous 
base prospectus) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of [the terms and conditions as 
referred to in the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 27 May 2016 (the "2016 
Terms and Conditions")] [the terms and conditions as referred to in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 24 May 2017 (the "2017 Terms and Conditions")] [the terms and 
conditions as referred to in of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 24 May 
2018 (the "2018 Terms and Conditions")] [terms and conditions as referred to in the base prospectus of 
the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 23 May 2019 as amended by the supplements dated 9 September 
2019 and 25 March 2020 (the "2019 Terms and Conditions")] [terms and conditions as referred to in the 
base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 25 May 2020 as amended by the supplements 
dated 7 September 2020, 9 September 2020 and 16 March 2021 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions")] 
[which have been incorporated by reference in, and form part of the base prospectus dated 21 May 2021 [, 
as supplemented by the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation 
to the Euro 100,000,000,000 debt issuance programme of the Issuer which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the 
2016/2017/2018/2019/2020 Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference therein. Full information on 
the Issuer and the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. However, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
Terms. 
(End of options A and B) 
The Base Prospectus [(and copies of the 2020/2019/2018/2017/2016] Conditions] [is/are] available for 
viewing 
at 
the 
investor 
relations 
section 
of 
the 
Issuer's 
website, 
https://www.bngbank.com/funding/issuance-programmes, and at the offices of the Paying Agents in 
Amsterdam, Luxembourg and London specified in the Base Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written 
request, also be obtained from the Paying Agents. 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Notes 
or the distribution of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
(Additional option – Include if any stabilisation) 
In connection with the issue of Notes under the Programme, the [Manager/Dealer] who is specified in these 
Final Terms as the Stabilising Manager (or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the 
Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to do this. Such stabilising shall be conducted 
in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
Any stabilisation activity in connection with the Notes listed or to be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam, the 
regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., will be conducted (on behalf of the Stabilising Manager) 
by a member of Euronext Amsterdam which shall be [Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (Rabobank) 
("Rabobank")]8. Any loss or profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilising 
shall, as against the Issuer, be for the account of the Stabilising Manager. 
(End of additional option) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
8 Or any member of Euronext Amsterdam.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II")/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, as amended or superseded ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA  has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]9
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to and should not be offered sold or 
resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a 
consumer (consumment/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended from time to time.10
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are 
not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018). 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
AND/OR 
11[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
9 Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable".
10 Legend to be included unless the Final Terms specifies "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" as "Not 
Applicable".
11 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER12 [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]13] OR14 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]15.]] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] . 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.].] 
AND/OR 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] ] OR  [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
12 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.
13 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution 
may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines.
14 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed 
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II.
15 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to 
make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a 
determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].16]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs, 
save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant footnotes. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[When adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute category 'B' information as indicated in Annex XX of the Prospectus Regulation 
and consequently trigger the need for an individual drawdown prospectus.] 
16 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to 
make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a 
determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The terms of the Notes are as follows: 
1. 
Issuer: 
BNG Bank N.V. 
2. 
Series Number: 
[    ]  
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ]  
(If Notes are being cleared through DTC with interest and 
or principal payable in a currency other than U.S. 
dollars, check whether DTC will accept payments in such 
currency)
[Only for non-Euro denominated Notes where the country 
or area of which such Specified Currency is the lawful 
currency, has a credit rating which is lower than the 
credit rating of the Notes: [, subject to the Alternative 
Currency provisions of Condition 9(o).] ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[    ] 
5. 
Issue Price 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] [For fixed rate Renminbi Notes where 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, the 
maturity date will be the Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[LIBOR][EURIBOR][EONIA][SONIA][SOFR] 
[€STR][CMS London][CMS Brussels] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Reverse Floater Interest] 
[Step-Down Interest]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
[Step-Up Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [include percentage/100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
[Installment] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[For Renminbi Notes only: The provisions of Condition 
9(n)(ii) [do not] apply. [If Condition 9(n)(ii) is applicable: 
The Issuer may settle payments due in Renminbi (in 
whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. 
Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi amount in the 
circumstances described in Condition 9(n)(ii).] 
[(In case of non-U.S. dollar Notes held through DTC and 
represented by the Restricted Global Note Certificate): 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes held 
through DTC and represented by the Restricted Global 
Note Certificate will be made in U.S. dollars unless the 
holder of such Notes elects to receive payments in the 
Specified Currency in accordance with the provisions set 
out in Condition 9(m.1).] 
[Only for non-Euro denominated Notes where the country 
or area of which such Specified Currency is the lawful 
currency, has a credit rating which is lower than the 
credit rating of the Notes: The provisions of Condition 
9(n) [do not] apply. [If Condition 9(n) is applicable: The 
Issuer may settle any payment due in respect of the Notes 
in a currency other than the Specified Currency on the due 
date for such payment in the circumstances described in 
Condition 9(o).] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
 
Put/Call Options: [Not 
Applicable/Investor 
Put 
Option/Issuer Call Option] 
(further particulars specified below) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fixed Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year, commencing [•], up to and including the 
Maturity Date   
No Adjustment[; any payment in respect of the Notes due 
on a date which is not a Payment Business Day will be 
made on the next following Payment Business Day as 
provided for in Condition 9(d)]  
[Insert the following option for Renminbi Notes if Interest 
Payment Date is to be modified: Interest Payment Dates 
will be adjusted for calculation of interest and for 
payment purposes in accordance with the [specify 
applicable Business Day Convention]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[     ] [per Calculation Amount/in respect of all the Notes] 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards] 
(iv) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[The Issue and Paying Agent/other] shall be the 
Calculation Agent 
(N.B. Include this item for fixed rate Notes which are 
Renminbi Notes only)]
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] [per Calculation Amount/in respect of all the Notes], 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  
]/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365L] 
(vii) 
Regular Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year /Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))
(vii) 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[None / TARGET System / specify] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[    ]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[    ] 
("Specified Period" and "specified Interest Payment 
Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified Period", rather than 
"specified Interest Payment Dates", will only be relevant 
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
("Specified Period" and "specified Interest Payment 
Dates" are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention 
is Floating Rate Convention, insert "Not Applicable") 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): [Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5.B 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Floating 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Issuing and Paying Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent]]
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR][EURIBOR][EONIA][Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA][Compounded 
SONIA][Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR][SOFR Average] [€STR][CMS London][CMS 
Brussels] 
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5.B 

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[    ] / [    ] [London Banking Days / U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days /  TARGET Business Days] 
prior to the end of each Interest Period 

"p": 
[    ] 
(In the case of: (i) Compounded Daily SONIA or SONIA 
Average: "p" London Banking Days; (ii) Compounded 
Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR: "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days (iii) €STR: "p" 
TARGET Business Days (as relevant), where "p" shall not 
be less than five without the prior written consent of the 
Calculation Agent.) 

Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ] 
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5.B

--- Page 131 ---
131 

Benchmark Discontinuation: 
[Condition 5B.(10))(Benchmark Discontinuation (Rate 
Determination Agent)) is applicable and the Pre-
Cessation 
Trigger 
is 
[applicable/not 
applicable]]/[Condition 
5B.(11) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)) is applicable.] 
If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"Compounded Daily SOFR", “SOFR Average” or 
“LIBOR” 
for 
U.S. 
Dollars, 
Condition 
5B.(11) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)) should 
be specified as applicable.
[CMS London/CMS Brussels 
only] 

Pre-Cessation Trigger: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Designated Maturity: 
[    ] 

Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] 

Reset Date(s): 
[    ] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

EURIBOR Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5.B 

LIBOR Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5.B 

Designated Maturity: 
[    ] 

Designated Reference: 
[    ] 

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [The Rate of Interest for the 
[long][short] [first][last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(xi) 
Relevant Margin (if any): 
[+/–][   ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/Zero as per Condition 5B.(12)/[    ] per 
cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[    ] per cent. per annum] 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
[Actual/365 (Fixed] 
[Actual/365L] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount 
and late payment: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[    ] [Provide exchange rate(s)][drafting note: please 
specify applicable exchange rate on the Issue Date, for 
example 1 USD = 0.72 EUR] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent, if any 
responsible for calculating the 
interest payable (if other than 
the Issuing and Paying 
Agent): 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Person at whose option 
Specified Currenc[y/ies] 
[is/are] payable: 
[     ] 
16. 
Reverse 
Floater 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): [No Additional Business Centres/specify other] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Cap Schedule: 
[As specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
Interest                           Cap(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed] 
[Actual/365L] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(v) 
Fix Schedule: 
Interest                           Fix(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(vi) 
Fixed Rate Period: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete all of the Fixed Rate Period 
provisions which follow] 
Fixed Rate Period Start Date: [     ] 
Fixed Rate Period End Date: 
[     ]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(vii) 
Floor Schedule: 
[As specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
Interest                          Floor(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(viii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(ix) 
Multiplier Schedule: 
Interest                      Multiplier(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(x) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest(s) Amount: 
[Calculation Agent/Agent/if the party making the 
calculation is different from the Calculation Agent or 
Agent, specify its name and address] 
(xi) 
Rate 
of 
Interest(Fixed) 
Schedule: 
Interest           Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t) 
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(xii) 
Underlying Rate(t): 
[Underlying ISDA Rate(t)]/[Underlying Screen Rate(t)]  
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5B. 
Underlying ISDA Rate(t): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete all of the Underlying ISDA 
Rate(t) provisions which follow] 

EURIBOR Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5B. 

LIBOR Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5B.

--- Page 135 ---
135 

Designated Maturity: 
[    ] 

Designated Reference: 
[    ] 

Underlying 
Rate 
Determination Date(t): 
[Fixing in Advance]/[Fixing in Arrear] 
Underlying Screen Rate(t): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Subject to provisions set out in Condition 5B.  
[If not applicable, delete all of the Underlying Screen 
Rate(t) provisions which follow] 

Underlying 
Reference 
Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/EONIA/CMS 
London/CMS 
Brussels]  
Subject to fall-back provisions set out in Condition 5B. 

Underlying Rate 
Determination Date(s): 
[Fixing in Advance]/[Fixing in Arrear]/[specify other] 

Relevant Screen 
Page(Underlying): 
[    ] 
Number of Fixing Days: 
[    ] 
Fixing Day City: 
[    ] 
(xiii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Reverse Floater Interest 
Notes: 
[None/Aggregate Nominal Amount 
Determination is applicable]  
(Specify Aggregate Nominal Amount Determination if the 
Interest Amount is to be determined on the basis of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the series of Notes 
outstanding rather than on the basis of the Specified 
Denomination (or the Calculation Amount if one is 
specified in these Final Terms)) 
17. 
Step-Down Interest Note Provisions [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete all of the Step-Down Interest 
Note Provisions which follow] 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): [No Additional Business Centres/specify other] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
[Actual/365L] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(iv) 
Fixed Rate Period: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete all of the Fixed Rate Period 
provisions which follow] 
Fixed Rate Period Start Date: [     ] 
Fixed Rate Period End Date: 
[     ] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest(s) Amount: 
[Calculation Agent/Agent/if the party making the 
calculation is different from the Calculation Agent or 
Agent, specify its name and address] 
(vii) 
Rate 
of 
Interest(Fixed) 
Schedule: 
Interest           Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(viii) 
Step-Down Schedule: 
Interest                     Step-Down(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t))
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(ix) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Step-Down Interest Notes: 
[None/Aggregate Nominal Amount 
Determination is applicable]  
(Specify Aggregate Nominal Amount Determination if the 
Interest Amount is to be determined on the basis of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the series of Notes 
outstanding rather than on the basis of the Specified 
Denomination (or the Calculation Amount if one is 
specified in these Final Terms))

--- Page 137 ---
137 
18. 
Step-Up Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete all of the Step-Up Interest Note 
Provisions which follow] 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): [No Additional Business Centres/specify other] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed] 
[Actual/365L] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(iv) 
Fixed Rate Period: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete all of the Fixed Rate Period 
provisions which follow] 
Fixed Rate Period Start Date: [     ] 
Fixed Rate Period End Date: 
[     ] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest(s) Amount: 
[Calculation Agent/Agent/if the party making the 
calculation is different from the Calculation Agent or 
Agent, specify its name and address] 
(vii) 
Rate 
of 
Interest(Fixed) 
Schedule: 
Interest           Rate of Interest(Fixed)(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(viii) 
Step-Up Schedule: 
Interest                       Step-Up(t)        
Period(t) 
(ending on 
(but excluding) 
Interest

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Payment 
Date(t)) 
[  ] (specified 
Interest
Period(t))
[  ]
(ix) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Step-Up Interest Notes: 
[None/Aggregate Nominal Amount Determination is 
applicable]  
(Specify Aggregate Nominal Amount Determination if the 
Interest Amount is to be determined on the basis of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the series of Notes 
outstanding rather than on the basis of the Specified 
Denomination (or the Calculation Amount if one is 
specified in these Final Terms)) 
19. 
Dual Currency Redemption Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if applicable, include 
currencies other than Specified Currency in which 
principal is payable)] 
(a) Principal payable in other currencies 
than Specified Currency: 
[Provide currencies] 
(b) Rate(s) of Exchange: 
[Provide exchange rate(s)][drafting note: please specify 
applicable exchange rate on the Issue Date, for example 
1 USD =0.72 EUR] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [    ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[    ] 
21. 
Investor Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [    ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[    ]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount : 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
per Calculation Amount on redemption 
(a) for taxation reasons (Condition 
6(b)) or (b) on the occurrence of an 
event of default (Condition 7): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/for Zero Coupon Notes as 
per Condition 6(g)(ii)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] Notes 
25. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes1: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Notes will initially be 
represented upon issue by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached, which will be exchangeable on 
or after the date falling 40 days after the Issue Date, in 
accordance with the terms thereof, for definitive notes 
("Definitive Notes"), upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as provided therein.] 
26. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Notes will initially be 
represented upon issue by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached, which will be exchangeable on 
or after the date falling 40 days after the Issue Date in 
accordance with the terms thereof, for interests in a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as 
provided therein.] 
27. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes2: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable, but only as set out in 
Condition 1(e)] 
[The Notes will be in bearer form and will be represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") in substantially the form set forth in the schedule 
to the supplemental issuing and paying agency agreement 
dated [date] between the Issuer and the Swiss Paying 
Agent(s) mentioned in item [8] of Part B below (the 
"Supplemental 
Issuing 
and 
Paying 
Agency 
Agreement"). The Permanent Global Note will be 
deposited with SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss securities services 
corporation in Olten, Switzerland ("SIS") or, as the case 
may be, with any other intermediary in Switzerland 
recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange 
(SIS 
or 
any 
such 
other 
intermediary, 
the 
"Intermediary"). Once the Permanent Global Note is 
deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, 
the Notes will constitute intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) 
("Intermediated 
Securities") 
in 
1 Bearer Notes that have a term of more than 365 days (taking into account any unilateral right to extend or rollover)  
and that are issued under D Rules must be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note. 
2 Bearer Notes that have a term of more than 365 days (taking into account any unilateral right to extend or rollover) 
and are initially issued as Permanent Global Notes must be issued in accordance with the C Rules.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Holder (as defined below) shall have a quotal co-
ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Permanent 
Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, 
provided that for so long as the Permanent Global Note 
remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-
ownership interest shall be suspended and the Notes may 
only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance 
with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz), i.e., by the entry of 
the transferred Notes in a securities account of the 
transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the 
number of Notes held through each participant in that 
Intermediary. In respect of the Notes held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, the holders of the Notes (the 
"Holders") will be the persons holding the Notes in a 
securities account in their own name and for their own 
account. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Holders shall at any time have 
the right to effect or demand the conversion of the 
Permanent Global Note (Globalurkunde) into, or the 
delivery of, uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) or 
Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere). 
No physical delivery of the Notes shall be made unless 
and until Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) are printed. 
Definitive Notes may only be printed, in whole, but not in 
part, if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, in 
its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Notes 
(Wertpapiere) is necessary or useful. Should the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the 
printing of definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) without cost to 
the Holders. Upon delivery of the Definitive Notes 
(Wertpapiere), the Permanent Global Note will be 
cancelled and the definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) shall be 
delivered to the Holders against cancellation of the Notes 
in the Holders' securities accounts.3] 
28. 
Registered Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Unrestricted Global Note Certificate 
registered in the name of a nominee for a [common 
safekeeper/common depositary] for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, 
and 
exchangeable 
for 
unrestricted Individual Note Certificates, as described in 
Condition 1(l)[(ii)][iii]] 
[and] 
[Restricted Global Note Certificate registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC and exchangeable for restricted 
Individual Note Certificates, as- described in Condition 
1(l)[(i)][iii]] 
3 For Swiss Franc Notes only.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
29. 
New Global Note:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]4
30. 
New Safekeeping Structure:
[Applicable; but only as to Unrestricted Global Note 
Certificate] [Not Applicable]5
31. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/TARGET System/give details]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end date)
32. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [give dates]] 
33. 
Details relating to Installment Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Installment Amount(s): 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Installment Date(s): 
[    ] 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[    ] 
34. 
Redenomination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [non-exempt offer in the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions] [and] [admission to trading on [Euronext Amsterdam/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd] of the Notes described herein] pursuant to the Euro 100,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer.6
Signed on behalf of BNG Bank N.V.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised  
4 Specify "Not Applicable" if the Notes being issued are Bearer Notes which are Classic Global Notes/CGNs, in any 
case applicable for EUR, USD, GBP, JPY currency. 
5 Specify "Applicable" if the Notes being issued are Registered Notes intended to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, in any case applicable for EUR, USD, GBP, JPY currency. 
6 [Attach an issue specific summary for tranches of Notes that have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000.].

--- Page 142 ---
142 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
(i) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext in Amsterdam, the regulated 
market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V./the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [date] [and for the Notes to be admitted to 
display on the Luxembourg Green Exchange 
platform].] [The Notes have been provisionally 
admitted to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange with effect 
from [date]. Application for definitive listing on SIX 
Swiss Exchange Ltd will be made as soon as is 
reasonably practicable thereafter. The last trading day 
is on [date]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
[Estimate of total expenses 
relating to admission to 
trading:]7
[    ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes have not been rated.] 
[The Notes [have been]/[are expected to be] rated][The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type generally]]: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[    ]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[   ]] 
[Moody's France SAS: 
[    ]] 
[Other credit rating agency/agencies: 
[    ]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating. Include a 
brief explanation of the meaning of the rating(s) if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies.] [The rating [Insert credit rating agency legal name] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is established in the European Union and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European
7 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, although as of the 
date of this Final Terms  notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency legal name] which is established in the European Union 
[and registered under the EU CRA Regulation/and has applied for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation, although as of the date of this Final Terms notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[The rating [insert credit rating agency legal name], has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
disclosure of the following statement: 
Except for the commissions payable to the Dealers, described in the first paragraph under "Plan 
of Distribution" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES8
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(If applicable: (The net proceeds of the issue of each 
Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general 
corporate purposes)/(The net proceeds of the issue of 
each Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer for 
[insert details of ESG Bond requirements, including 
any applicable framework and, if applicable, the 
expected impact of the application of the ESG Bond 
proceeds (e.g. the expected the reduction of carbon 
emissions the proceeds of such ESG Bond will bring 
about when applied for the applicable purpose)]) - if 
reasons for offer different from making profit/and or 
8 May be deleted if the minimum denomination is at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
hedging certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[    ] 
If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding. 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable: include breakdown of expenses) 
5. 
INDICATION OF YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only): 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)9
[Not Applicable/Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS] rates can be obtained from 
[indicate the relevant Reuters ICESWAP1 page]. 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT 
ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT (Dual Currency Interest Notes, Dual Currency 
Redemption Notes and Variable Interest Rate Notes only)10
[Not Applicable (Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of 
the relevant rate[s] can be obtained and a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value 
of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most 
evident.)] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
For Regulation S Notes:
ISIN Code: 
[   ] 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
FISN: 
[[[], as updated as set out on/See] the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA)/ Not Applicable] 
CFI Code: 
[[[], as updated as set out on/See] the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA)/Not Applicable]     
For Regulation S and 144A Notes:
9 Delete if the minimum denomination is at least EUR 100,000. 
10 Delete if the minimum denomination is at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Regulation S ISIN Code: 
[   ] 
Regulation S Common Code: 
[    ] 
144A ISIN Code: 
[    ] 
144A Common Code: 
[    ] 
CUSIP Number: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
FISN: 
[[[], as updated as set out on/See] the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA)/Not Applicable] 
CFI Code: 
[[[], as updated as set out on/See] the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA)/Not Applicable] 
For Swiss Franc Notes:
ISIN Code: 
[    ] 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
FISN: 
[[[], as updated as set out on/See] the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA)/Not Applicable] 
CFI Code: 
[[[], as updated as set out on/See] the website of 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA)/Not Applicable] 
Swiss Security Number 
(Valorennummer): 
[    ] 
Clearing System: 
(If applicable give name(s), addresses and relevant 
identification number(s) of any clearing system(s) 
other than SIX SIS Ltd and the relevant identification 
number(s)) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of Paying 
Agent(s): 
[      ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] [For Notes not issued in NGN form]
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
acting as common safekeeper] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [If this text is selected, the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as common safekeeper [and registered in 
the name of a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [If this text is selected, the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form] 
Statement on benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[specify benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation] [the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], 
such that [legal name of administrator(s)] [is/are] not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation 
or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
Syndicated/Non-syndicated 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis, and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or under 'best 
efforts' arrangements. Indication of the material 
features of the agreements, including the quotas. 
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, include a 
statement of the portion not covered) 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/give date] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): [Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) 
Total commission and 
concession: 
[[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount][Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S only: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA 
[C11/D12] Rules applicable; TEFRA C Rules and D 
Rules not applicable13] 
[144A only: 144A; TEFRA C and D Rules not 
applicable] 
[Regulation S and 144A: Regulation S Category 2 and 
144A; TEFRA C and D Rules not applicable] 
[Swiss Franc Notes: TEFRA D Rules are applicable in 
accordance with usual Swiss practice] 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [A Non-exempt Offer of the Notes 
may be made by the Dealers [and [specify, if 
applicable]] (together [with the Dealers], the "Initial 
Authorised Offerors") [and any other Authorised 
Offerors in accordance with paragraph [ ] below] 
[Austria/Belgium/Denmark/Finland/France/Germany/ 
Ireland/Italy/Luxembourg/the 
Netherlands/Norway/ 
Portugal/Spain/Sweden /[  ]] (the "Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions") during the period from [specify date] 
until [specify date] (the "Offer Period" [provided, 
however, that the Offer Period in Austria will not 
commence until the day after the registration of the 
issue terms with the Registration Office (Meldestelle) 
has been duly made as required by the Austrian Capital 
Markets Act.] 
(ix) 
General Consent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable/[  ]] 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:14
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:15
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11 To be used for Bearer Notes that are issued as Permanent Global Notes or Definitive Notes, which may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons. 
12 To be used for Bearer Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Definitive Note or a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Note, in each case to the extent that 
certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership have been received. 
13 To be used for offerings of Registered Notes, or Bearer Notes with a term of one year or less (including unilateral 
rights to roll over or extend). 
14 If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified, in which case the EU and UK PRIIPs Regulation 
legend should also be included. 
15 If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified, in which case the EU and UK PRIIPs Regulation 
legends should also be included.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(xiii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Customers:16
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER17
[Not Applicable] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: [Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue. As 
between the Authorised Offerors and their customers, 
offers of the Notes are further subject to conditions as 
may be agreed between them and/or as specified in the 
arrangements in place between them.][The Offer 
Period in Austria shall not commence until the day 
after the registration of the issue terms with the 
Registration Office (Meldestelle) has been duly made 
as required by the Austrian Capital Markets Act/give 
details] 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount 
is not fixed, description of the 
arrangements and time for announcing 
the definitive amount to the public: 
[     ] 
Description of the application process, 
including offer period, including any 
possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open: 
[A prospective Noteholder should contact the 
applicable Authorised Offeror in the applicable Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction prior to the end of the Offer 
Period. A prospective Noteholder will subscribe for 
the Notes in accordance with the arrangements 
existing between such Authorised Offeror and its 
customers relating to the subscription of securities 
generally. Noteholders will not be required to enter 
into any contractual arrangements directly with the 
Issuer in connection with the subscription of the 
Notes.][    ]
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[There are no pre-identified allotment criteria. The 
Authorised Offeror will adopt allotment criteria in 
accordance with customary market practices and 
applicable laws and regulations.] [   ] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Investors will be notified by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror of their allocations of Notes and the settlement 
arrangements in respect thereof.] [     ]     
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Investors will be notified by the applicable 
Authorised Offeror of their allocations of Notes and 
the settlement procedures in respect thereof on or 
around [date].] [      ] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
16 Advice should be taken from Belgian Counsel before disapplying this item. 
17 Delete if the minimum denomination is at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered and whether 
tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Offers may be made by the Authorised Offerors in 
each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions to any 
person during the Offer Period. In other EEA countries 
and in all jurisdictions (including the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions) outside of the Offer Period, offers 
will only be made by the [Dealers] pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation. All offers 
of the Notes will be made in compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations.] [     ] 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the 
relevant Authorised Offeror in accordance with the 
arrangements in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and the prospective Noteholders.]     
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
The Initial Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 
38 of Part A above [and any additional Authorised 
Offerors who have or obtain the Issuer's consent to use 
the Prospectus in connection with the Non-exempt 
Offer and who are identified on the Issuer's website as 
an Authorised Offeror] (together, the "Authorised 
Offerors"). 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
11. 
[Swiss Franc Notes only – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
Copies of the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus are available at []]. 
12. 
[Swiss Franc Notes only – REPRESENTATIVE 
In accordance with Article 43 of the Listing Rules of SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd, [] has been 
appointed by the Issuer as representative to lodge the listing application with the Admission 
Board of SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd.] 
13. 
[Swiss Franc Notes only – NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE / MATERIAL 
CHANGES SINCE THE MOST RECENT ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial condition or operations of the Issuer since [] 20[], which would materially affect its 
ability to carry out its obligations under the Notes.] 
14. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance 
with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. [[Relevant 
third party information, for example information with respect to ratings or historic reference rates] 
has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading].

--- Page 150 ---
150 
15. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Not Applicable.]/[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify source]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Attach an issue specific summary for tranches of Notes that have a denomination of less than EUR 
100,000.]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
BNG BANK N.V. 
Overview  
BNG Bank is a specialised lender to local and regional authorities as well as to public-sector institutions 
such as utilities, housing associations and healthcare, welfare and educational institutions, and is the largest 
public-sector lender in the Netherlands and the principal bank for the Dutch public sector in terms of loans, 
advances and inter-governmental money transfers. BNG Bank also provides limited lending to public-
private partnerships.  
Furthermore, BNG Bank provides electronic fund transfer and payment services to its public-sector 
customers. 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, BNG Bank had total assets of €160.4 billion, total equity 
of €5.1 billion and net profit of €221 million. 
History and Corporate Organisation  
BNG Bank was incorporated on 23 December 1914 as a "naamloze vennootschap" (a public company with 
limited liability) under the laws of the Netherlands and is a statutory limited company under Dutch law 
(structuurvennootschap). Its legal name is BNG Bank N.V. and its trade name is BNG Bank. On 19 April 
2018, the general meeting of shareholders resolved to change the legal name of BNG Bank in the Articles 
of Association from N.V. Bank Nederlandse Gemeenten to BNG Bank N.V.  The amendment of the articles 
of association of BNG Bank and, consequently, the name change became effective as of 27 August 2018. 
The duration of BNG Bank is unlimited. It is registered in the Commercial Register of the Netherlands 
Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under No. 27008387. BNG Bank's ownership is restricted 
to the Dutch public sector and its shareholders are exclusively Dutch public authorities. The Dutch State's 
shareholding is 50%, and has been unchanged since 1921, with the remainder held by more than 95% of 
Dutch municipalities, 11 of the 12 Dutch provinces and one water board. BNG Bank is established in The 
Hague and has no branches. BNG Bank's registered office is at Koninginnegracht 2, 2514 AA The Hague, 
the Netherlands. Its telephone number is +31 70-3750750. Its website is https://www.bngbank.com/
Purpose  
BNG Bank's activities are based on its purpose: Driven by Social Impact. BNG Bank aims to be the 
promotional lender that delivers social impact and is considered by its clients and other stakeholders as a 
natural partner for addressing the social challenges they face. As BNG Bank's shareholders are public 
authorities, BNG Bank is positioned as part of the public sector. BNG Bank serves exclusively as a 
specialised bank for local, regional and functional public authorities and for public sector institutions by 
providing banking services. In addition to this exclusion criterium, BNG Bank focuses on providing loans 
which combine a positive social impact with reasonable return. Services range from loans and advances 
and funds transfer to electronic banking and investment services. 
BNG Bank's principal business activities include granting credit to its statutory counterparties and 
facilitating payments between the central government and the public authorities listed below. 
Pursuant to Article 2 of BNG Bank's Articles of Association (statuten), the object of BNG Bank is to serve 
as banker on behalf of public authorities (as described below). Accordingly, BNG Bank may engage in, 
among other things, taking deposits, lending money, granting credits in other ways, providing guarantees, 
arranging the flow of payments, conducting foreign exchange transactions, acting as adviser and broker in 
the issue of, and trade in securities, and keeping, managing and administering securities and other assets 
for third parties. BNG Bank may also incorporate and participate in other enterprises and/or legal entities, 
whose object is connected with or conducive to any of BNG Bank's mandated activities. BNG Bank is 
empowered to perform all acts which may be directly or indirectly conducive to its object. The term public 
authorities, as referred to above, means: 
(a)
municipalities and other legal persons in the Netherlands under public law as referred to in Article 
1, Paragraphs 1 and 2, of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code;

--- Page 152 ---
152 
(b)
the European Communities and other bodies possessing legal personality to which part of the 
function of the European Communities has been entrusted pursuant to the treaties establishing the 
European Communities; 
(c)
Member States of the European Communities and other bodies possessing legal personality to 
which part of the administrative function of such a Member State has been entrusted pursuant to 
the law of that Member State; or 
(d)
legal persons under private law; (i) half or more of whose managing directors are appointed 
directly or indirectly by one or more of the bodies referred to at a, b and c above; and/or (ii) half 
or more of whose share capital is provided directly or indirectly by one or more of the bodies 
referred to at a, b and c above; and/or – half or more of the income side of whose operating budget 
is provided or secured directly or indirectly by one or more of the bodies referred to at a, b and c 
on the basis of a scheme, bye-law or law adopted by one or more of such bodies; and/or (iii) whose 
operating budget is adopted or approved directly or indirectly by one or more of the bodies referred 
to at a, b and c above on the basis of a scheme, bye-law or law adopted by one or more of such 
bodies; and/or (iv) whose obligations towards the Issuer are guaranteed directly or indirectly by 
one or more of the bodies referred to at a, b and c above or will be guaranteed pursuant to a scheme, 
bye-law or law adopted by one or more of such bodies, for which purpose obligations include non-
guaranteed obligations resulting from prefinancing or other financing which, after novation, will 
create obligations that will be guaranteed by one or more of such bodies pursuant to a scheme, 
bye-law or law adopted by one or more of such bodies; and/or (v) who execute a part of the 
governmental function pursuant to a scheme, by-law or law adapted by one or more of the bodies 
referred to at a, b and c above. 
Strategy  
As the bank of and for local authorities and public sector institutions, BNG Bank aims to maximise social 
impact by targeting a selection of four Social Development Goals ("SDG"): sustainable cities and 
communities (SDG 11), good health and well-being (SDG 3), quality education (SDG 4) and affordable 
and clean energy (SDG 7). This is part of BNG Bank’s clear ambition for 2023: to be a promotional lender 
that delivers social impact and that is considered by its clients and other stakeholders as a natural partner 
for addressing the social challenges they face. The BNG Bank’s ‘Road to Impact’ strategy covers four 
different key topics: Focus, Client Partnerships, Operational Excellence and Resilient Organisation. Each 
of these topics contributes to the purpose of the bank. In order to achieve the objectives within these topics, 
BNG Bank must maintain an excellent credit rating, adequately manage risk, retain a competitive funding 
position and manage its operations efficiently and effectively. Solvency-free lending (that is, lending to 
local authorities and other public entities that have a zero-percent risk weighting under CRD IV/CRR) 
continues to be BNG Bank's core activity, with the Dutch local authorities as well as housing, healthcare, 
and education as core client groups. Maintaining its substantial market share is one of BNG Bank's goals, 
and BNG Bank aims to meet more than half of the total long-term credit demand from the aforementioned 
client groups and to do so in a viable manner.  In 2020, BNG Bank fulfilled approximately 69% of the 
overall demand for long-term solvency-free lending from its core clients.  
In 2020, BNG Bank continued to focus its lending activities almost exclusively on the Dutch market. 
Investments in public securities from EU Member States can be made if the securities are in line with BNG 
Bank's liquidity policy and the country's credit rating is at least AA-/Aa3 on the acquisition date. 
Preconditions for this strategy are the careful monitoring of the risk profile, operational effectiveness and 
efficiency and maintenance of BNG Bank's strong financial position.  
Competition 
BNG Bank's main competitor is the Nederlandse Waterschapsbank N.V. ("NWB Bank"), a Dutch public 
sector lender. Other competitors are pension funds, insurance companies and commercial banks.18 Due to 
the small margins generally earned on public sector lending and in part due to continuing effects of the 
18 These comparisons with BNG Bank's competitors are mainly based on an analysis of (i) figures provided by CBS 
(Centraal Bureau voor Statistiek), (ii) figures provided by WSW (Stichting Waarborgfonds Sociale Woningbouw) and 
WfZ (Stichting Waarborgfonds voor de Zorgsector), respectively and (iii) publications, such as annual reports, of BNG 
Bank 's main competitors like NWB Bank.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
economic crisis, a number of commercial banks that competed in this market have withdrawn. On the 
contrary, insurance companies and pension funds have in the last few years become more active in the 
market (albeit on an irregular basis). 
As at 31 December 2020, BNG Bank had a market share of approximately 69% (63% in 2019) in respect 
of loans and advances, granted to or guaranteed by public authorities. BNG Bank also benefits from high 
market shares in lending to housing associations (2020: approximately 51%; 2019: approximately 50%) 
and local authorities (2020: 40%; 2019: approximately 39%) as measured by aggregate loans and advances. 
A large portion of the long-term loans to the healthcare sector are guaranteed by Waarborgfonds voor de 
Zorgsector ("WfZ"), a guarantee fund backed by the Dutch government and set up to allow this sector to 
borrow with a lower cost of funds, and are zero-percent risk weighted under CRD IV/CRR. BNG Bank 
competes on the basis of maintaining its high creditworthiness, which permits BNG Bank to fund its 
operations at relatively low cost, and offering its public sector clients interest rates that are only slightly 
higher than its own cost of long-term funding (see "Products and Services – Loans and Advances"). 
Products and Services 
Loans and Advances  
BNG Bank's primary business is providing loans and advances to public authorities and public sector 
institutions. In 2010, BNG Bank resolved to focus new lending activities entirely on the Dutch market and, 
with a view to managing credit risk, to provide lending outside the Netherlands only in limited cases. 
Lending to clients outside the Netherlands currently accounts for less than 1% of BNG Bank's total loan 
portfolio. BNG Bank's credit exposure on loans and advances to public authorities is extremely low as the 
majority of the loans and the securities portfolio consist of receivables from or guaranteed by public 
authorities with a zero-percent risk weighting under CRD IV/CRR. 
Despite the weak economic conditions during the financial crisis and the resulting decrease in the 
availability of funds, BNG Bank continued to fulfil its role as the primary lender to public authorities and 
public institutions. In 2018 and 2019, as economic conditions began to show signs of recovery, BNG Bank 
experienced increased competition from institutional investors and foreign banks. Notwithstanding such 
increased competition, BNG Bank was able to continue to support its public clientele in large part because 
it was able to continue to finance itself at attractive rates in the financial markets.  
BNG Bank's total long-term lending portfolio to clients based on principal amount increased by €1.8 billion 
to €86.0  billion in 2020. The increase was principally due to an increase in lending to the local authorities 
and the healthcare sector. Lending for energy and infrastructure increased in 2020 as well. To meet the 
increasing demand for credit, BNG Bank raised the sum of €15.4 billion in long-term lending in 2020 
(2019: €17.8 billion).   
In 2020, the loan portfolio for housing associations grew slightly as a result of an increase in housing 
associations' investment levels. BNG Bank provided housing associations with €5.5 billion in new loans in 
2020, an increase of approximately €0.2 billion from 2019. Demand for long-term loans has declined in the 
healthcare sector in recent years. This trend is also reflected in the course of the long-term loans provided 
by BNG Bank over the same period and in the guarantee amounts issued by the Guarantee Fund for the 
Healthcare Sector (Waarborgfonds voor de Zorgsector, WfZ). New lending to the healthcare sector 
nevertheless decreased to €667 million in 2020 as compared to €1.2 billion in 2019. There was also a slight 
increase in loans granted under a guarantee from the Guarantee Fund for the Healthcare Sector, which 
increased slightly to €0.5 billion (2019: €0.2 billion). 
The table below sets forth loans and advances made by BNG Bank in 2020 and 2019 and the total 
outstanding to each client group as of 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  
Total as 
of 31 
Total as of 
31 
New Lending 
Of which subject to 
capital adequacy 
requirements

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Long-term 
lending 
December 
2020 
December 
2019 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions)
Public sector 
(municipalities, 
provincial 
authorities and 
municipal joint 
ventures) and 
Design, build, 
finance and 
maintenance 
31,274 
32,149 
4,864 
5,433 
29 
356 
Housing 
associations 
41,845 
40,506 
5,507 
5,714 
207 
245 
Healthcare 
sector 
7,147 
7,128 
667 
1,226 
177 
975 
Other
5,715
4,401
699
1,646
338
1153
(including 
among 
others 
the 
public 
utilities 
sector 
(including 
energy, 
transport 
and 
waste) 
and 
educational 
sector) 
Total 
85,981 
84,184 
11,737 
14,019 
751 
2,729 
Growth in new 
long-term 
lending 
2.1% 
3.1% 
-16.3% 
20.4% 
72.8% 
72.4% 
of 
which 
solvency-free 
92% 
91% 
94% 
81% 
Public sector (Local authorities) 
One of BNG Bank's most significant client bases is comprised of local and regional governments. Dutch 
local authorities are not individually rated by rating agencies and generally are unable to access the capital 
markets directly. Accordingly, local authorities generally manage their funding needs by borrowing from 
individual lenders such as BNG Bank and NWB Bank. The local authorities repay their loans using funds 
received from the central government or to a lesser extent income raised from local taxes and fees for local 
services. In the CRR it has been established that the same risk weight applies to provinces, municipalities, 
water boards and joint schemes for which a public body has been established (gemeenschappelijke 
regelingen waarvoor een openbaar lichaam is ingesteld) as for their central government (S -0). As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Dutch State has an AAA (stable outlook) rating from Standard & Poor’s 
and an Aaa (stable outlook) rating status from Moody’s. See "Ratings" below.  
Housing associations

--- Page 155 ---
155 
BNG Bank provides long-term lending to social housing associations which is guaranteed by 
Waarborgfonds Sociale Woningbouw ("WSW"), a social housing guarantee fund ultimately guaranteed by 
the Dutch central government and municipalities. WSW guarantees (zich borg stellen) payment obligations 
of registered institutions that fulfil certain conditions set by WSW and are registered participants of WSW. 
The Dutch State and Dutch municipalities have committed to provide WSW with interest free loans in case 
WSW's liquidity forecast shows that, taking into account reasonably expected claims against WSW in its 
capacity as guarantor and any other reasonably expected claims against WSW, the net assets of WSW 
would be less than 0.25% of the total amount guaranteed by WSW.19 Standard & Poor's and Moody's have 
assigned WSW a rating of AAA (stable outlook) and Aaa (stable outlook), respectively.  
According to Aedes, a Dutch national association promoting the interests of social housing organisations, 
in 2017, housing associations owned approximately 2.4 million dwellings, which was approximately 31.5% 
of the total stock of houses in the Netherlands.20 The housing associations meet their funding needs through 
borrowing from banks, and generate income through the collection of rents and through the sales of housing 
and condominium projects, which includes both rental properties and privately owned homes. The Housing 
Association Authority (Autoriteit woningcorporaties) is responsible for the external supervision of this 
sector. In accordance with the Capital Requirements Directive, WSW guaranteed loans are zero-percent 
risk weighted under CRD IV/CRR. 
Housing associations are restricted in their activities by sector specific legislation: on 1 July 2015, the new 
Housing Act (Woningwet) (the "Act") entered into force. Amongst other things the Act defines activities 
that are eligible for state aid and the conditions to which they are subject. For example, housing associations 
have to focus their activities on their core business: activities in the social rented housing sector, or services 
of general economic interest ("SGEI"). Only under certain conditions housing associations are allowed to 
continue their non-SGEI activities. From an accounting and legal standpoint, SGEI activities must be 
separated from non-SGEI activities as of 1 January 2018. Only SGEI activities may be performed with state 
aid. Guarantees issued by WSW are the principal form of state aid and many non-SGEI activities are 
currently financed under a WSW guarantee. Pursuant to the Act, existing non-SGEI activities will have to 
be refinanced without this guarantee. As the Act offers housing associations the option of designating more 
property as non-SGEI, the non-guaranteed demand for credit could rise considerably in the future. BNG 
Bank will continue to grant credit facilities to housing associations where possible and within the new 
eligibility criteria. 
Healthcare institutions  
BNG Bank has provided financing alternatives to public and semi-public healthcare institutions since the 
establishment in 1999 of WfZ, a guarantee fund for healthcare institutions. In recent years approximately 
half of the provided financing was guaranteed under WfZ. WfZ guarantees (zich borg stellen) payment 
obligations of accredited (toegelaten) healthcare institutions who fulfil the conditions set by WfZ and are 
registered participants of WfZ. Subject to certain other conditions, the Dutch state has committed to provide 
WfZ with loans if WfZ's assets less liabilities (as calculated pursuant to WfZ's agreement with the Dutch 
state) fall below certain predetermined levels.21 As a result, loans covered by WfZ guarantees are zero-
percent risk weighted by under CRD IV/CRR. Standard & Poor's assigned WfZ a rating of AAA (stable 
outlook). 
Educational institutions 
BNG Bank also provides limited financing solutions to educational institutions following changes in Dutch 
law applicable to educational institutions that require such educational institutions to be responsible for 
funding the maintenance and construction of their own buildings. The majority of BNG Bank's loans to 
educational institutions are to finance the building of school facilities or for the expansion of campuses. 
Some loans to educational institutions are guaranteed by Stichting Waarborgfonds MBO, the guarantee 
fund for professional and adult educational and repaid through income generated from tuitions and 
government funding. In July 2019, Moody's confirmed its Aa1 rating and stable outlook of Stichting 
19 This information is based on public information provided by WSW through www.wsw.nl. 
20 This information is based on public information provided by Aedes through www.aedes.nl. 
21 This information is based on public information provided by WfZ through www.wfz.nl.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Waarborgfonds MBO. Loans which are guaranteed by Stichting Waarborgfonds MBO are 20% weighted 
under CRD IV/CRR.  
Public utilities 
BNG Bank provides project finance for public utilities and alternative energy development companies 
owned by the Dutch municipalities and provinces. These public utilities have their own credit ratings. 
Depending on the nature of the loans to public utilities they will carry a risk weighting under CRD IV/CRR 
of between 20% and 100%.  
Sustainability Fund 
In 2018, BNG Bank launched the Sustainability Fund (the "Fund"), under which associations, companies 
and other business initiators have been able to take out loans ranging from €100,000 to €2.5 million for 
projects that contribute to the sustainability objectives of municipalities or provinces. The Fund is aimed at 
facilitating sustainability initiatives in the environmental field (such as sustainable energy generation and 
energy-saving measures) as well as in the socio-cultural field (healthcare, housing and education). BNG 
Bank has made €20 million available to the Fund with the intention of increasing this to €25 million in the 
years ahead. The Fund supplements BNG Bank's regular lending and is supported by the Association of 
Netherlands Municipalities (VNG).  
The Dutch Municipal Housing Incentive Fund (Stimuleringsfonds Volkshuisvesting Nederlandse 
gemeenten) has been appointed as manager of the Fund. 
Urban Development 
BNG Bank, through its subsidiary, BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. (formerly Ontwikkelings- en 
Participatiebedrijf Publieke Sector) has been involved in regional development and planning projects 
which prepare parcels of commercial real estate for construction, building or development. The Supervisory 
Board of BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. and the Executive Committee of BNG Bank decided in March 
2018 not to start any new urban development activities or projects within BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. 
as well as to complete the projects within the existing portfolio in the next few years.  
Impact credit portfolio 
BNG Bank has committed to the Paris Agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on 
Climate Change and joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials which resulted in the first 
impact measurement of BNG Bank’s loan portfolio. The calculation was conducted by Telos Institute of 
the University of Tilburg and approximates the impact of BNG Bank’s loan portfolio on greenhouse gas 
emissions per sector is shown in the table below.  
Sector 
BNG 
Bank 
portfolio as at 
31 December 
2019 
(in 
€ 
millions) 
Emissions 
attributed 
to 
lending 
by 
BNG Bank (k 
tonnes) 
Emissions 
in 
tonnes/billion 
EUR 
Data quality (1 
= accurate; 5 = 
approximate) 
% 
portfolio 
included 
in 
calculation 
Public sector 
27,408 
1,666 
60.8 
3.0 
100.0 
Housing 
associations 
39,764 
965 
24.3 
2.5 
99.0 
Healthcare 
institutions 
5,234 
300 
57.4 
2.5 
72.0 
Education 
593 
28 
46.7 
1.75 
63.0

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Mobility 
1,071 
21 
19.8 
4 
71.0. 
Water supply 
companies 
691 
5 
6.7 
2 
88.0 
Other 
30 
.3 
8.8 
4 
1.0 
Total 
74,791 
2,985 
39,9 
- 
89% 
Payment Services and e-Banking 
BNG Bank provides products and services that enable clients to organise and manage their payments and 
liquidity efficiently. The client portal ‘My BNG Bank’ plays a pivotal role in providing these services. An 
important component of this portal is the electronic banking module "BNG Betalingsverkeer" ("BNG 
Payment Services"), which enables BNG Bank's clients to process their payments quickly and securely 
via the internet. The "BNG Treasury" module provides cash and treasury management support to clients. 
For treasury banking purposes, BNG Bank assists local authorities by automatically transferring excess 
liquidity to the treasury, on request. BNG Bank has been able to retain its strong position in payment 
services throughout 2020. BNG Bank also smoothly processed flows of funds between the central 
government and local authorities, the so-called State settlement throughout 2020. 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the senior outstanding public long-term debt of BNG Bank is rated "AAA" 
by Standard & Poor's, "AAA" by Fitch and "Aaa" by Moody's. 
BNG Bank is considered one of the world's most creditworthy banks. On 24 November 2015, Standard & 
Poor's upgraded BNG Bank's rating from "AA+" to "AAA", with a stable outlook. The upgrade reflected a 
similar action on the credit rating of the State of Netherlands on 20 November 2015. On 20 July 2020, 
Standard & Poor's affirmed such AAA rating and stable outlook. In accordance with Standard & Poor's 
criteria for rating government-related entities, they believe that there is an "almost certain" likelihood that 
BNG Bank as a government-related entity would receive sufficient extraordinary support from the Dutch 
government in the event of financial distress. As a result, Standard & Poor's has equalised BNG Bank's 
long-term ratings with those of the Netherlands. Standard & Poor's opinion of an "almost certain" likelihood 
of government support for BNG Bank reflects its view that BNG Bank plays a "critical role" for the Dutch 
government through its key public policy mandate and has an "integral" link with the Dutch government as 
Standard & Poor's considers BNG Bank as an extension of the government.  
On 17 March 2015, Moody's changed the outlook on BNG Bank's long-term rating from negative to stable 
following Moody's final assessment of the BRRD (adopted by the European Parliament and Council in 
May 2014) and the SRM Regulation and the application of its new methodology for banks. On 2 December 
2020, Moody's affirmed BNG Bank's Aaa long-term rating and stable outlook. 
On 28 March 2019, Fitch upgraded BNG Bank's A from AA+ to AAA with a stable outlook following the 
finalisation of BNG Bank's resolution strategy and confirmation by the SRB that simplified obligations 
apply to BNG Bank. Fitch continues to factor in Dutch state support for BNG Bank. On 29 April 2021, 
Fitch affirmed BNG Bank’s AAA long-term rating and stable outlook. 
Notwithstanding any rating agency's view that BNG Bank is a "government-related entity", BNG Bank is 
not a government entity and its debt obligations (including the Notes) are not direct or indirect obligations 
of the State of the Netherlands or guaranteed in any way by the State of the Netherlands. 
As evidenced by the positive rating action taken by Standard & Poor's, any rating action taken with respect 
to the State of the Netherlands would be expected to impact BNG Bank's ratings.  
Employees

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Including its subsidiaries, BNG Bank employed on a full-time equivalent basis, 324 employees as at 31 
December 2020, all of whom were employed in the Netherlands. Of all BNG Bank employees, 96% are 
covered by the collective labour agreement for the banking industry. The former Management Board (see 
the 'Corporate Structure' section) and the Executive Committee members, totalling twelve employees, are 
not covered by that Collective Labour Agreement. BNG Bank believes that its employee relations are good. 
Subsidiaries 
BNG Bank has two wholly-owned subsidiaries that provide services ancillary to the principal activity of 
BNG Bank of lending to the public sector. These subsidiaries are:  
BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. (formerly Ontwikkelings- en Participatiebedrijf Publieke sector B.V.) 
This subsidiary is specialised in risk-based participation in land development, as well as process design and 
process guidance for municipalities and other public or semi-public organisations. The Supervisory Board 
of BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. and the Executive Committee of BNG Bank decided in March 2018 
not to start any new activities or projects within BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. as well as to complete the 
projects within the existing portfolio in the next five to ten years. 
Hypotheekfonds voor Overheidspersoneel B.V. 
This subsidiary is used to issue mortgages on favourable terms for public sector employees.  Due to changed 
market conditions, BNG Bank decided not to offer this product and accept new clients since 2013. 
Participations 
BNG Bank has two participations with significant influence.  
Dataland B.V. 
This company concerns a municipal non-profit initiative with activities including solutions to ease the 
access to municipal and cadastral real estate information and training courses for municipalities that lead 
to the broad accessibility of all possible data concerning registered property from the information domain 
of municipalities and/or other public bodies. As at 31 December 2020, BNG Bank held a 30% participating 
share in Dataland B.V. 
Data B Mailservice Holding B.V.  
This company provides print and mail services and services relating to payment transactions, direct 
marketing and message traffic, among others to government institutions. As at 31 December 2020, BNG 
Bank held a 45% participating share in Data B Mailservice Holding B.V. 
Risk Management  
General 
BNG Bank's risk management strategy is aimed at ensuring a reasonable return on investment for its public 
shareholders while maintaining excellent creditworthiness. 
Management of Risk 
The Internal Governance Framework ("IGF") provides an overview of the internal governance organisation 
that forms the foundation for all decision-taking activities within BNG Bank. In relation to risk 
management, the IGF describes how risk management is organised in the 'Three Lines of Defence' 
("3LoD") model and how decisions on risk topics are structured in the Risk Management Charter. The Risk 
Management Framework (RMF) is an important component within the IGF and it consists of the following 
overarching framework documents and policies on general and specific risk related topics: risk governance, 
risk appetite statement and risk definitions. Risk management is concentrated within the Risk Management

--- Page 159 ---
159 
department. This department identifies, assesses, measures and monitors risks, and reports to the 
responsible committees. These risks consist of credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and 
other risks. The Risk Management department facilitates the management of strategic risk by managing the 
risk policies and risk appetite framework. Risk Management is represented in the Executive Committee by 
the Chief Risk Officer. It is also represented in the Asset & Liability Committee and the Capital Committee. 
It has an unrestricted reporting line to the Supervisory Board. In addition, the Credit Risk Assessment 
department advises on policy proposals with respect to credit risk, while as part of the lending process it 
also provides independent assessments and advice on risks relating to credit and review proposals for clients 
and financial counterparties. The Credit Risk Assessment department is represented in BNG Bank's Credit 
Committee. Both the Risk Management and Credit Risk Assessment departments are represented in the 
Credit Committee, the Financial Counterparties Committee and the Investment Committee. BNG Bank also 
has an Compliance Department, charged with the monitoring of compliance with all relevant legislation, 
the management of reputational risk, and the supervision of employee conduct. Further second line of 
defence functions are the information security function and the management control function, positioned 
within the Finance & Control Department. All second line functions report to the Chief Risk Officer, except 
the management control function which reports to the Head of Finance and Control. The independence of 
all second line functions and their reporting lines are documented in charters.  
Third line risk management functions are performed by the Internal Audit Department ("IAD"). The IAD 
periodically conducts operational audits in order to evaluate the structure and performance of BNG Bank's 
risk management systems and to assess compliance with the applicable legislation. The IAD functions as 
an independent entity within BNG Bank and reports to the Executive Committee. It also has a reporting 
line to the Supervisory Board.. The Executive Committee periodically discusses the structure and 
performance of BNG Bank's internal risk management and control systems with the Supervisory Board and 
the Risk Committee. 
In line with the ECB's supervisory expectations (as set out in its SSM supervisory statement on governance 
and risk appetite), BNG Bank's Executive Committee as well as its Supervisory Board approves a "risk 
appetite" statement each year. The "risk appetite" statement sets out the aggregated level and types of risk 
BNG Bank is willing to assume in order to achieve its strategic objectives and business plan. The primary 
objective is to map the risks as well as the reasons why these risks are being taken in order to execute the 
strategy and to make sure they are within the risk capacity. The risk capacity is the maximum level of risk 
that the organisation can assume given its current level of resources before breaching constraints determined 
by regulatory capital and liquidity needs, the operational environment (e.g. technical infrastructure, risk 
management capabilities, expertise) and obligations, also from a conduct perspective, to depositors, 
policyholders, shareholders, fixed income investors, as well as other customers and stakeholders. The risk 
appetite statement is evaluated every year and adjusted where necessary, before being adopted by the 
Supervisory Board. The risk appetite statement serves as a risk tolerance guideline for the various risk types 
and the associated control frameworks and limits. A risk appetite statement is somewhat high level by 
nature and the real challenge is to align daily risk taking operations with the risk appetite. Therefore BNG 
Bank translates its risk appetite statement to individual risk limits and targets that are monitored on a regular 
basis. For example, BNG Bank's periodic monitoring programme consists of a quarterly integrated risk 
report  that reports on whether BNG Bank remains within all of its individual risk appetite limits ("Risk 
Appetite"). In 2020, BNG Bank remained within its Risk Appetite. 
Risk management uses a set of reports aimed at both internal risk management and accountability for that 
risk management towards external stakeholders. BNG Bank applies the 'standardised approach' in reporting 
credit risk to the ECB and also the 'standardised approach' in reporting operational risk. In addition, BNG 
Bank ensures that the reports meet increasingly strict requirements on aspects such as capital and liquidity. 
Internal credit risk assessment models 
BNG Bank determines creditworthiness using internally developed rating models that allow BNG Bank to 
conduct credit assessments partly on the basis of objectively observable criteria. Given the 'low default' 
character of the credit portfolio, expert models are utilised. Models have been developed for the following 
sectors: 

public housing;

--- Page 160 ---
160 

healthcare; 

education; 

DBFMO (Design Build Finance Maintain Operate, project financing); 

area development; and 

energy, water, telecoms, transport, logistics and the environment.  
The models are used for the internal assessment of creditworthiness for non-zero risk weighted assets, but 
not for pillar 1 capital calculations under CRC IV/CRR, where the BNG Bank uses the standardised 
approach. However, these models are used for the calculation of required capital under the economic 
approach that is part of the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment process since 2020. Also, these models 
are used for impairment calculations under IFRS. Additionally, BNG Bank uses a scorecard methodology 
for the credit risk assessment of zero risk weighted customers. For these parties the outcome of the pillar 1 
capital calculation is zero by definition. For further information on BNG Bank's risk management policies 
please refer to "Risk section" starting on page 168 of the annual report for 2020 incorporated by reference 
herein. 
Executive Committee and Supervisory Board  
General 
As of 1 April  2021, BNG Bank has installed an Executive Committee as the executive management body, 
comprising of two or more statutory members and, when deemed necessary, one or more non-statutory 
members. Currently BNG Bank’s Executive Committee has three statutory members, namely the Chief 
Executive Officer (Chair), the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Risk Officer. Two non-statutory 
members are expected to be nominated once considered fit and proper by the relevant supervisory authority, 
namely the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Commercial Officer. According to the Articles of 
Association of BNG Bank, the three statutory members of the Executive Committee formally form the 
Executive Board. The Supervisory Board currently consists of eight members. The tables below set forth 
the members of the Executive Committee and the Supervisory Board, their respective year of birth, the year 
of their respective initial appointment and their position. The members of the Supervisory Board are 
appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders on the nomination of the Supervisory Board. The 
statutory members of the Executive Committee are appointed, suspended and dismissed by the Supervisory 
Board and the non-statutory members of the Executive Committee are appointed, suspended and dismissed 
by the Chair of the Executive Committee, after the other statutory members of the Executive Committee 
have been heard about this and the Chair has taken note of the compelling advice of the Supervisory Board. 
All members of the Executive Committee and the Supervisory Board have their address at the registered 
office of BNG Bank.. 
Executive Committee 
Name 
Born 
Appointed 
Position 
Ms G.J. Salden 
1968 
2018 
Chair 
O.J. Labe 
1969 
2015 
Member 
C.A.M. van Atteveldt-
Machielsen 
1972 
2021 
Member 
Supervisory Board 
Name 
Born 
Appointed 
Position

--- Page 161 ---
161 
H. Arendse 
1958 
2019 
Chair 
J.C.M. van Rutte 
1950 
2020 
Vice-Chair 
K.T.V. Bergstein 
1967 
2021 
Member 
C.J. Beuving 
1951 
2014 
Member 
J.B.S. Conijn 
1950 
2016 
Member 
M.E.R. van Elst 
1966 
2018 
Member 
L.K. Geluk 
1970 
2021 
Member 
F. de Vries 
1972 
2021 
Member 
Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Executive Committee and the members of the 
Supervisory Board.  
Executive Committee 
G.J. Salden, Chair and Statutory Member 
Ms Salden was appointed as Chair of the Executive Committee Board (currently statutory Executive 
Committee Chair and member) on 1 January 2018 for a four-year term of office. This period may be 
extended. In connection with her position at BNG Bank, Ms Salden is a Board member of the Dutch 
Banking Association (NVB). Besides, Ms Salden is Chair of the Interdepartmental Policy Research on the 
Financing of the Energy Transition, member of the Advisory Committee regarding design and functioning 
of the European economy, and member of the Administrative Board of the European Association of Public 
Banks (EAPB). 
O.J. Labe, Statutory Member 
Mr. Labe was appointed as an Executive Committee member (currently statutory Executive Committee 
member) on 1 May 2015 for a four-year term of office and reappointed for another four years beginning 
from 1 May 2019. In connection with his position at BNG Bank, Mr. Labe is Chair of the Supervisory 
Board of BNG Bank subsidiary Hypotheekfonds voor Overheidspersoneel B.V., Chari of the Supervisory 
Board and member of BNG Bank subsidiary BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. and Chair of the Supervisory 
Board of the BNG Sustainability Fund (Stichting BNG Duurzaamheidsfonds). He also sits on the 
Supervisory Board of ASR Vermogensbeheer N.V. and is a member of the Advisory Board for the Faculty 
of Economics and Business at the University of Amsterdam and a member of the Steering Committee of 
the Public Sector Issuer Forum of the International Capital Market Association (ICMA). 
C.A.M. van Atteveldt-Machielsen, Statutory Member 
Ms Atteveldt was appointed as an Executive Committee member (currently statutory Executive Committee 
member) on 15 February 2021 for a four-year term of office. This period may be extended. In connection 
with her position at BNG Bank, Ms Atteveldt is a member of the Supervisory Affairs Committee of the 
Dutch Banking Association (NVB) and a member of the Supervisory Board of BNG Bank subsidiary BNG 
Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V. She is also a Supervisory Board member and chair of the Audit Committee of 
N.V. Exploitatiemaatschappij De Krim.  
Supervisory Board 
H. Arendse, Chair

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Former Chief Financial Officer and an Executive Committee member of Achmea B.V. Appointed on 18 
April 2019. In addition to being Chair of the BNG Bank Supervisory Board, he is also Chair of the 
Supervisory Board of Achmea Bank N.V. 
J.C.M. van Rutte, Vice Chair 
Former Executive Committee member at Fortis Bank Nederland and former Chief Executive Officer of the 
Executive Committee of ABN AMRO Group N.V. Appointed on 23 November 2015 and reappointed in 
2020. In addition to being a BNG Bank Supervisory Board member, he a Supervisory Board member of 
PGGM N.V. 
K.T.V. Bergstein 
Former member of the Executive Team of ING Nederland N.V. and of the Executive Board of a.s.r. 
Nederland N.V. Appointed on 22 April 2021. In addition to being a BNG Bank Supervisory Board member, 
she is also a member of the Non-Executive Board of Van Lanschot Kempen. 
C.J. Beuving 
Former Chair of the Management Board of the Friesland Bank Holding NV. Appointed on 24 April 2014 
and reappointed in 2018.  
J.B.S. Conijn 
Former professor specialising in the Housing Market at the University of Amsterdam. Appointed on 23 
November 2015 and reappointed in 2020. In addition to being a BNG Bank Supervisory Board member, he 
is Director and advisor Housing Associations at Finance Ideas and an Investment Committee member of 
Amvest Residential Core Fund. 
M.E.R. van Elst 
Former COO on the executive boards of ING Bank in both Poland and Belgium. Appointed on 19 April 
2018 and eligible for reappointment in 2022. In addition to being a BNG Bank Supervisory Board member, 
she is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Bank Mendes Gans N.V. 
L.K. Geluk
Managing director of the Association of Netherlands Municipalities (VNG). Former alderman for Youth 
and Education at the municipality of Rotterdam and former chair of the Executive Board at ROC Midden 
Nederland and The Hague University of Applied Sciences. Appointed on 22 April 2021.F. de Vries 
Appointed on 22 April 2021. Managing partner at &samhoud consultancy and member of the board of the 
&samhoud group. Endowed professor in Supervision at the University of Groningen. Former Division 
Director Supervision Expert Centres and Secretary Director at De Nederlandsche Bank and former member 
of the Executive Board of the Authority for Financial Markets (AFM). 
Managing Directors 
P.A. Nijsse, Managing Director, Treasury & Capital Markets 
Conflicts of Interest 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no actual or potential conflicts of interest have been identified the 
Issuer between any duties to the Issuer of the members of the Executive Committee, the Supervisory Board 
and the Managing Directors and their private interests and/or other duties. Should any potential conflicts of 
interest arise, the procedures set out below would apply.  
Potential conflicts of interest – Executive Committee

--- Page 163 ---
163 
The members of the Executive Committee aim to avoid any form and semblance of conflicting interests in 
the performance of their duties. The rules of procedure of the Executive Committee contain a provision that 
a member of the Executive Committee who is confronted with a potential conflict of interest must report it. 
Such member will not participate in the deliberations or decision-making regarding the subject in question. 
If BNG Bank wishes to enter into a transaction involving a potential conflict of interest, this transaction 
must, as stipulated by the rules of procedure of the Executive Committee, be submitted to the Supervisory 
Board for approval. Once approved, this transaction shall be required to be carried out in line with normal 
industry terms and disclosed in the annual report. At the moment there are no potential conflicts of interest. 
It should be noted that the possibility cannot be excluded that in the future Executive Committee 
memberships and additional positions of members of the Executive Committee can lead to conflicting 
interests in the performance of duties. Should that be the case, then the above-described procedure will be 
followed. 
Potential conflicts of interest – Supervisory Board 
The Dutch Corporate Governance Code, to which BNG Bank voluntarily adheres, requires that any conflict 
of interest or apparent conflict of interest between the Issuer and the Supervisory Board members shall be 
avoided. Decisions to enter into transactions involving conflicting interests of Supervisory Board members 
that are of material significance to the Issuer and/or the relevant Supervisory Board members require the 
approval of the Supervisory Board. 
The regulations of the Supervisory Board contain a provision that a Supervisory Board member who is 
confronted with a potential conflict of interest must report any such instance. It is stipulated that the 
Supervisory Board member in question will not take part in the deliberations or the decision-making 
regarding the matter. In addition, he or she shall refrain from any involvement whatsoever in transactions 
that are of material significance between, on the one hand, BNG Bank and, on the other, the institution 
where he or she is an executive director or supervises the conduct of business as a member of that 
institution's supervisory board. Following approval by the Supervisory Board, any such transactions are 
exclusively carried out under the usual industry-specific terms and disclosed in the annual report. At the 
moment there are no potential conflicts of interest. 
It should be noted that the possibility cannot be excluded that in the future supervisory board memberships 
and additional positions of members of the Supervisory Board can lead to conflicting interests in the 
performance of duties. Should that be the case then the above-described procedure will be followed. 
Share Capital, Voting Rights and Relationship with the Dutch State  
BNG Bank is a statutory limited company under Dutch law (structuurvennootschap). Half of BNG Bank's 
share capital is held by the State of the Netherlands. The other 50% is mainly held by more than 95% of 
Dutch municipalities, 11 of the 12 provinces as well as one water board in the Netherlands. Accordingly, 
the State of the Netherlands has de facto control over BNG Bank. The holders of hybrid capital do not fall 
within the definition of related parties, as they have no (joint) control or significant influence over BNG 
Bank. The two tier governance structure together with the appointment of an independent Supervisory 
Board in a general meeting limits the possibility of the State of the Netherlands abusing this de facto control. 
For a full description of BNG Bank's capitalisation as at 31 December 2020, see "Capitalisation". 
Only the State of the Netherlands, provinces, municipalities, district water authorities and other public 
bodies thereof may be shareholders of the Issuer. 
Since the revision in 2001, there is only one class of shares, all of which have been fully paid up.  
Dividend  
The long-term dividend policy of BNG Bank is set out starting on page 206 of the 2018 financial statements 
incorporated by reference herein. Partly as a result of the rise in total equity because of its reduced dividend 
pay-out ratio in recent years compared to the historic dividend pay-out percentage and its relatively high 
net profit, BNG Bank's leverage ratio was at the level of 3.5% at the end of 2020, which constituted one of

--- Page 164 ---
164 
the elements enabling BNG Bank to maintain its dividend pay-out percentage at 50%. BNG Bank paid a 
dividend of €101 million for 2020, compared to €71 million for 2019 and €159 million for 2018. Following 
a strong recommendation of the European Central Bank in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic, BNG Bank 
decided to postpone payment of the dividend over the year 2019 until March 2021. For the year 2020, €202 
million (2019: €142 million) of profit was attributable to shareholders. See "Risk Factors—Risks related to 
the Issuer's business activities and industry—BNG Bank's business and results of operations may be 
negatively affected by actual or perceived local and global economic and financial market conditions". 
Supervision and Regulation 
European Supervision and Regulation  
The EU Financial Services Action Plan 1999-2005 established the foundations for a single financial market 
in the European Union and has resulted in many changes with respect to European supervision. In its 
Strategy on Financial Services for 2005-2010, the European Commission set out its objectives to achieve 
an integrated and competitive EU financial market. In that respect, the European Commission proposed to 
remove remaining barriers, especially in the retail area, to enable the provision of financial services and 
circulation of capital throughout the European Union in a cost efficient way and without barriers, resulting 
in a high level of financial stability, consumer benefit and consumer protection. The financial services 
sector includes EU regulatory policies with respect to three major areas, i.e. banking, capital markets and 
asset management.  
Capital Requirements Directive 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published its final standards on the 
revised capital adequacy framework known as "Basel III" which aims to create a sounder and safer financial 
system. Requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity proposed by the Basel Committee have 
been implemented in the European Union through, among others, the CRD IV Directive and CRR while 
the finalised Basel III reforms (the "Basel III Reforms") (informally referred to as Basel IV) were 
published on 7 December 2017. The CRD IV Directive governs amongst other things the market access to 
banking activities while the CRR establishes the majority of prudential requirements institutions need to 
respect. The CRR entered into force on 1 January 2014, and has direct effect in the Netherlands. The 
substance of the original CRD IV (as to be supplemented through Regulatory and Implementing Technical 
Standards) applies in the Netherlands as of 1 August 2014. A number of the requirements introduced under 
CRD IV have been and will be further supplemented through the Regulatory and Implementing Technical 
Standards (RTSs/ITSs) produced by the European Banking Authority ("EBA"). The application in full of 
all measures under CRD IV (including any national implementation thereof in the Netherlands) was 
completed as of 1 January 2019. The Basel III Reforms seek to restore credibility in the calculation of risk 
weighted assets and improve the comparability of banks' ratios. Important changes involve stricter rules for 
internal models and the aforementioned capital floor as well as revisions to the standardised approaches for 
credit risk, operational risk and CVA.  
CRD IV, in implementing Basel III, is intended to increase the quality and quantity of capital, requires 
increased capital against derivative positions and introduces a capital conservation buffer, a counter-
cyclical buffer, a systemic risk buffer, a systemic importance buffer, a new liquidity framework (liquidity 
coverage ratio, "LCR") and a net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") as well as a leverage ratio. The LCR 
addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a specified 
acute stress scenario and may not fall below 100% of estimated net cash outflows for the following 30 days. 
The NSFR requires that banks maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet 
activities, i.e., that long-term assets are covered with sufficient stable funding. BNG Bank's current CET 1 
and Tier 1 ratios are well above the pillar 1 required CET 1 and Tier 1 ratio including the systemic 
importance buffer. 
In October 2014, DNB qualified BNG Bank as a 'promotional lender' within the framework of the liquidity 
coverage requirements under the CRR. As a result, BNG Bank's debt securities qualify as high quality 
liquid assets level 1.  
In May 2019, a further package of reforms to CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation was adopted in the form of the EU Banking Reforms, including measures to

--- Page 165 ---
165 
increase the resilience of EU institutions and enhance financial stability. The EU Banking Reform are wide-
ranging and cover multiple areas, including a binding 3% leverage ratio, the introduction of a binding 
detailed NSFR, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new 
category of 'non-preferred' senior debt, the implementation of the TLAC standard, the amendment of a 
number of aspects of the MREL framework to align it with the TLAC standard, and the transposition of the 
FRTB conclusions into EU legislation. As such, the EU Banking Reforms may affect BNG Bank (including 
with regard to the MREL it is required to maintain) and the Notes (including with regard to their ranking 
in insolvency and their being at risk of being bailed-in) The EU Banking Reforms entered into force on 27 
June 2019. Most of the new rules in respect of CRD IV will apply from 28 June 2021.   
The EU Banking Reforms applies a proportional application of the leverage ratio requirement for 
promotional banks such as BNG Bank on the basis that substantially all of its assets carry a zero-risk 
weighting. BNG Bank expects to be able to rely on aforementioned proportional application. The EU 
Banking Reforms entered into force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules in respect of CRD IV, including 
the leverage ratio, will apply from 28 June 2021. 
In addition to the capital requirements, CRD IV also deals with market access and license requirements for 
credit institutions. The definition of 'credit institution' is laid down in the CRR. As a consequence thereof 
and as a result of the CRD IV implementation into Dutch law, the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet 
op het financieel toezicht, the "DFSA") includes a definition of 'bank' that merely refers to the definition of 
'credit institution' in the CRR. This means that the notion of a bank and the question whether an entity falls 
within the scope of the banking license requirement is primarily decided at the EU level. DNB has 
confirmed that BNG Bank qualifies as a 'credit institution' as set out in the CRR.  
Furthermore, CRD IV provides for a limited list of grounds for refusal of an application for a declaration 
of no objection (verklaring van geen bezwaar) with respect to, amongst others, the acquisition of a qualified 
holding in a bank. Pursuant to CRD IV, the relevant supervisory authority must assess the suitability of the 
proposed entity that wishes to acquire a qualified holding and the financial soundness of the proposed 
acquisition on the basis of criteria such as reputation of the proposed acquirer and whether the bank will be 
able to comply and continue to comply with prudential requirements (as set out in more detail below). In 
addition, the supervisor may only oppose the proposed acquisition if there are reasonable grounds for doing 
so on the basis of the criteria or if the information provided by the proposed acquirer is incomplete. CRD 
IV specifically mentions the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing as a ground for refusal. 
Owing to the principle of maximum harmonisation, Member States are not permitted to adopt stricter rules. 
As described above under 'Risk Factors - BNG Bank is subject to substantial regulation and oversight. 
Significant regulatory developments and changes in the approach of BNG Bank's regulators could have a 
material adverse effect on BNG Bank's operations or profitability', the EU Banking Reforms are wide-
ranging and cover multiple areas, including a binding 3% leverage ratio, the introduction of a binding 
detailed NSFR, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new 
category of 'non-preferred' senior debt, the implementation of the TLAC standard and the amendment of a 
number of aspects of the MREL framework to integrate the TLAC standard, and the transposition of the 
FRTB into EU legislation. As such, the EU Banking Reforms may affect BNG Bank (including with regard 
to the MREL it must maintain) and the Notes (including with regard to their ranking in insolvency and their 
being at risk of being bailed-in, which risk is however not expected to become higher) (as described in more 
detail under "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Bail-in Tool" above).  
In April 2020, the European Commission adopted a banking package to facilitate bank lending to 
households and businesses throughout the European Union and mitigate the significant economic impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. The banking package is intended to encourage banks to make full use of the 
flexibility embedded in the EU's existing prudential and accounting framework and provides market 
participants with a uniform interpretation of this flexibility. The banking package also proposed 
amendments to the CRR to inter alia (i) extend current transitional arrangements regarding the application 
of international accounting standards on banks' capital for two years, (ii) postpone the date of the new 
leverage ratio buffer requirement on G-SIIs by one year to 1 January 2023 (iii) extend existing preferential 
treatment given to non-performing loans that are guaranteed by the public sector; and (iv) temporarily 
exclude certain exposures to central banks from the leverage ratio. BNG Bank did not make use of any of 
the additional flexibility offered by the CRR "quick fix" measures. 
Deposit Guarantee Schemes

--- Page 166 ---
166 
On 2 July 2014, a new Directive 2014/49/EU ("DGS Directive") on deposit guarantee schemes ("DGS") 
entered into force. The DGS Directive amends Directive 94/19/EC and regulates amongst others the 
harmonisation of the ex-ante financing of the deposit guarantee schemes, the harmonisation of the 
maximum payment of €100,000 under a deposit guarantee scheme, the cross-border cooperation of 
(foreign) deposit guarantee schemes, more transparency for depositors, the verification of claims by the 
deposit guarantee schemes and the reimbursement in the event of a bank failure. The legislation 
implementing the DGS Directive in the Netherlands entered into force on 26 November 2015. As a result, 
BNG Bank and other financial institutions are required to pay (ex-ante) risk-weighted contributions into a 
fund to cover future drawings under the deposit guarantee scheme. The fund is expected to grow to a target 
size of 1% of all deposits guaranteed under the scheme. The target size should be reached in 15 years. The 
costs associated with potential future ex-ante contributions may vary from time to time, and will depend on 
the methodology used to calculate risk-weighting, but may be significant.  
On 24 November 2015, the European Commission proposed a euro-area wide insurance scheme for bank 
deposits, to be implemented in three phases: reinsurance, co-insurance and full insurance ("EDIS"). The 
EDIS proposal builds on the existing framework of national DGSs, under which depositors would benefit 
from the same levels of protection. EDIS would be filled by contributions owed and paid by banks directly 
to the Single Resolution Board, as manager of EDIS, and calculated and invoiced by participating DGSs. 
It is not yet clear in what final form and when EDIS will come into effect, but such contributions may 
impact BNG Bank's results of operations. 
MiFID  
In April 2004, the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2004/39/EC ("MiFID") came into force. 
MiFID provides a harmonised regime for investment services and investment activities and aims to increase 
competition and reinforce investor protection. It streamlines supervision on the basis of home country 
control and enhances the transparency of markets. Furthermore, MiFID harmonises conduct of business 
rules, including best execution, conflict of interest, customer order handling rules for investment services 
with respect to financial instruments and rules on inducements. MiFID abolishes the concentration rule, 
creating a more competitive regime between order execution venues. It furthermore imposes market 
transparency rules on investment firms, regulated markets and multilateral trading systems for both pre- 
and post-trading for equities. MiFID also has consequences for intermediaries in financial products. It 
envisages, inter alia, a way to harmonise regulation in respect of commission payments. MiFID prescribes 
inducement rules which should lead to appropriate commissions. These rules are intended to better protect 
customers if they wish to purchase financial instruments and to avoid reward-driven advice issued by 
intermediaries since intermediaries are often paid by the provider of the financial product. MiFID has been 
amended by MiFID II and a regulation (Regulation 600/2014, "MiFIR"). MiFID II and MiFIR provide for, 
among others, more extensive powers to supervisory authorities, increased market infrastructure and 
reporting requirements, more robust investor protection and increased equity and non-equity market 
transparency. MiFID II and MiFIR entered into force on 3 January 2018. 
PSD  
In November 2007, the Payment Services Directive 2007/64/EC ("PSD") was formally adopted. The PSD 
aims to open up payment services to competition from newly licensed payments institutions and to increase 
consumer protection by introducing information requirements and uniform operational rules for payment 
service providers. The PSD, applicable in the European Union to all payments in Euro and other Member 
States' currencies, lays the foundation for the creation of a single market in payments and constitutes the 
legal framework for a single Euro payments area. On 24 July 2013, the European Commission published a 
proposal for a revised payment services directive ("PSD2"). PSD2 broadens the scope of the existing PSD 
and captures a wider range of payment services and payment transactions. In addition, PSD introduces new 
responsibility and liability provisions. On 25 November 2015, PSD2 was adopted by the European 
Parliament and the Council and it was published in the Official Journal on 23 December 2015 
(2015/2366/EU). The Netherlands legislature implemented PSD2 into Dutch law on 19 February 2019. 
Anti-Money Laundering  
The third Anti-Money Laundering Directive 2005/60/EC, adopted in November 2005, aims to implement 
40 recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force (an intergovernmental body whose purpose is the

--- Page 167 ---
167 
development and promotion of national and international legislation and policies to combat money 
laundering and terrorist financing). It follows a risk-based approach under which all measures aimed at 
preventing money laundering must be applied on a proportionate basis, depending on the type and risk of 
customer, business and other considerations. On 1 January 2007, Regulation 1781/2006 which transposes 
the Financial Action Task Force Special Recommendation VII on 'wire transfers' into EU legislation came 
into force. The regulation sets out rules on information on the payer accompanying transfers of funds, in 
order to allow basic information to be immediately available to the authorities responsible for combating 
money laundering and terrorist financing. On 20 May 2015, the fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive 
2015/849 was adopted ("AML 4"). AML 4 aims at implementing the recommendations of the Financial 
Action Task Force that were published in February 2012. In addition, on 20 May 2015 Regulation 2015/847 
on information accompanying transfers of funds to secure 'due traceability' of these transfers was adopted. 
This regulation replaces Regulation 1781/2006 and entered into force as of 26 June 2017. The Netherlands 
legislature implemented AML 4 into Dutch law on 25 July 2018.  
Further thereto, on 5 July 2016, the European Commission published a proposal with amendments to AML 
4 culminating in the fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive 2018/843 ("AML 5"). The proposal entails a 
further tightening of the rules set out in AML 4, including those pertaining to the treatment of virtual 
currencies and an expansion of access to public ultimate beneficial owner registers. AML 5 was transposed 
into Dutch law on 20 May 2020. 
The sixth Anti-Money Laundering Directive 2018/1673 ("AML 6") was published by the European 
Commission on 23 October 2018. AML 6 aims to harmonise the definition of criminal activities which 
constitute predicate offences for money laundering throughout the EU, as well as increase cooperation 
between member states in combating money laundering. AML 6 was transposed into Dutch law on 30 
November 2020. 
EMIR 
EMIR entered into force on 16 August 2012. EMIR is part of the European implementation of the 
commitments made at the G-20 Pittsburgh summit of September 2009 with regard to OTC derivatives. In 
line with these commitments, EMIR aims to increase transparency regarding OTC derivatives, reduce 
counterparty credit risks under OTC derivative transactions and reduce operational risks in relation to those 
transactions. EMIR lays the ground for, amongst other things, the mandatory clearing of designated OTC 
derivatives between certain parties through a central counterparty ("CCP"), risk management of derivatives 
transactions that are not centrally cleared and the mandatory reporting of all exchange-traded and OTC 
derivatives to a trade repository. EMIR is a Level-1 regulation and requires secondary rules for full 
implementation of all elements.  Most of these secondary rules have been finalised and are already in effect 
or are being phased-in. Requirements pertaining to risk management entered into force on 15 March 2013, 
with the exception of the margin requirements, which are being gradually phased in as from 4 February 
2017. The mandatory reporting of derivatives to a trade repository took effect on 12 February 2014. The 
mandatory clearing of designated OTC derivatives is being gradually phased in as from 21 June 2016.  
Further to a review of EMIR by the European Commission, on 4 May 2017, it published a proposal for a 
regulation amending EMIR. This subsequently resulted in the official publication of Regulation (EU) 
2019/834 ("EMIR REFIT") on 28 May 2019. Most of the provisions of EMIR REFIT apply from 17 June 
2019. EMIR REFIT includes, amongst others, changes to the reporting requirements and the application of 
the clearing thresholds for non-financial counterparties, and the introduction of the concept of "small 
financial counterparty".  
Separately, the European Commission adopted a proposal to amend EMIR in relation to authorisation and 
recognition of CCPs (Regulation (EU) 2019/2099, "EMIR 2.2"). EMIR 2.2 entered into effect on 1 January 
2020. 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM") is one of the elements of the EU banking union. The SSM 
creates a new system of financial supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities 
of participating EU Member States. Among these EU Member States are those whose currency is the Euro 
and those whose currency is not the Euro but who have decided to enter into close cooperation with the

--- Page 168 ---
168 
SSM. Under the new system of supervision, the ECB directly supervises significant credit institutions as of 
4 November 2014. Specific tasks relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions have been 
conferred on the ECB by a regulation (Regulation 1024/2013, "SSM Regulation"). The SSM Regulation 
entered into force on 4 November 2014.  
BNG Bank is considered a "significant credit institution" under the SSM and is therefore subject to direct 
supervision by the ECB. The ECB is the competent authority responsible for supervising significant credit 
institutions' compliance with the prudential requirements including (among other things) (i) own funds 
requirements, the LCR, the NSFR, the leverage ratio and the reporting and public disclosure of information 
on these matters, as set out in CRR and (ii) the requirements to have in place robust governance 
arrangements, including fit and proper requirements for the persons responsible for the management of the 
bank, remuneration policies and practices and effective internal capital adequacy assessment. In this 
context, the ECB will apply the rules and requirements of the CRR and the Dutch implementation of CRD 
IV in the DFSA to the Dutch significant credit institutions. DNB will remain the supervisory authority in 
respect of tasks not conferred to the ECB. This includes, amongst other things, payment systems and the 
preventing of money laundering and terrorist financing pursuant to the Act on the Prevention of Money 
Laundering and Terrorist Financing (Wet ter voorkoming van witwassen en financieren van terrorisme). 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
("SRM Regulation") provide for the European framework for the recovery and resolution of (amongst 
others) ailing banks, certain investment firms and certain of their group entities. 
The BRRD has been transposed into Dutch law pursuant to the Act implementing the European framework 
for the recovery and resolution of banks and investment firms (Implementatiewet Europees kader voor 
herstel en afwikkeling van banken en beleggingsondernemingen), which entered into force on 26 November 
2015. The BRRD was amended on by the BRRD Amendment Directive which entered into force on 28 
December 2017 (the "BRRD Amendment Directive"). The BRRD Amendment Directive provides for an 
EU-harmonised approach on bank creditors' insolvency ranking that enables banks to issue debt in a new 
statutory category of unsecured debt, ranking just below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for 
the purposes of resolution, while still being part of the senior unsecured debt category. BNG Bank is subject 
to the BRRD as implemented in Dutch law. The BRRD was amended on 7 June 2019, with effect from 27 
June 2019, by a further directive ("BRRD II") as part of the EU Banking Reforms (as defined above) in 
order to implement, amongst other things, the Financial Stability Board's total loss absorbing capacity 
(TLAC) standard by adapting the existing regime relating to MREL. The BRRD must be transposed into 
national law no later than 28 December 2020, with national regulators having until 1 January 2024 at the 
latest to impose full MREL requirements on firms. Currently, the BRRD II has not yet been transposed into 
Dutch law. 
The SRM Regulation applies to banks subject to the single supervisory mechanism ("SSM") pursuant to 
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 and Regulation (EU) No 1022/2013, such as BNG Bank, and 
provides for a single resolution framework ("SRM") in respect of such banks. This includes both significant 
and less significant banks. The SRM Regulation is fully applicable since 1 January 2016 and prevails over 
the implementation in national law of the BRRD where it concerns the resolution of such banks. The SRM 
Regulation also provides for the establishment of a European Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), which will 
be responsible for the effective and consistent functioning of the SRM. The SRB acts as the competent 
resolution authority for (inter alia) significant banks under the SSM, such as BNG Bank, and is in that 
capacity responsible for adopting resolution decisions in respect of such banks. 
The BRRD, as implemented in Dutch law, provides DNB in its capacity as competent national resolution 
authority with the powers necessary to implement the resolution decisions taken by the SRB in respect of 
significant banks in the Netherlands, such as BNG Bank. In addition, the ECB, as the competent supervisory 
authority in respect of significant banks, is allowed to take certain recovery measures in the event the 
financial condition of a bank is deteriorating (subject to further conditions). Such measures could pertain, 
amongst others, to a change of the legal or operational structure, the removal of (individuals within) senior 
management or the management body and the appointment of a temporary administrator.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
If BNG Bank would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions apply) the SRB may 
decide to write-down, cancel or convert relevant capital instruments of BNG Bank, independently or in 
combination with a resolution action. The SRB shall ensure that DNB will exercise the write-down and 
conversion powers pursuant to the BRRD, as implemented in Dutch law, in order to write-down, cancel or 
convert the relevant capital instruments into shares or other instruments of ownership, and in accordance 
with a certain order of priority. 
If BNG Bank would be deemed failing or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would also be 
met, the SRB may decide to place BNG Bank under resolution. As part of the resolution scheme to be 
adopted by the SRB, it may decide to apply certain resolution tools, subject to the general resolution 
objectives and principles laid down in the SRM Regulation. These resolution tools include the sale of 
business tool, the bridge institution tool and the asset separation tool, each of which, in summary, provides 
for a transfer of certain assets and/or liabilities of the institution under resolution to a third party. In addition, 
the SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool may be applied to absorb losses and recapitalise 
BNG Bank or convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments (such as the 
Notes) of BNG Bank that have been transferred pursuant to one of the aforementioned transfer tools. The 
bail-in tool extends further than the relevant capital instruments of BNG Bank, and may also result in the 
write-down or conversion of liabilities subject to bail-in of BNG Bank (such as the Notes) in accordance 
with a certain order of priority. In order to ensure the effectiveness of the bail-in tool, the SRM prescribes 
at all times a MREL which may be subject to the bail-in tool. For more details as to the current decisions 
MREL requirements imposed on BNG Bank, please see "Risks related to the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD 
and SRM Regulation" above. 
According to the SRM Regulation, the national resolution authorities shall take the necessary action to 
implement decisions of the SRB. They shall exercise their powers granted to them under the BRRD, as 
implemented in national law. In addition to the resolution powers described above, DNB has been granted 
certain other resolution and ancillary powers to implement any resolution decision by the SRB in respect 
of BNG Bank. It may for instance decide to terminate or amend any agreement (including a debt instrument) 
to which BNG Bank is a party or replace BNG Bank as a party thereto. Furthermore, DNB may, subject to 
certain conditions, suspend the exercise of certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis BNG Bank or suspend 
the performance of payment or delivery obligations of BNG Bank. In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, 
certain counterparty rights may be excluded in the event such rights come into existence or become 
enforceable as a result of any recovery or resolution measure or any event in connection therewith (subject 
to further conditions). 
The EU Banking Reforms include various amendments to the BRRD and SRM framework. Among others, 
the EU Banking Reforms amends the MREL framework to align it with the TLAC standard. The TLAC 
standard aims to ensure that G-SIBs have sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity available 
in resolution. The EU Banking Reforms also introduced changes to the MREL rules applicable to non-G-
SIBs such as BNG Bank, including (without limitation) the criteria for the eligibility of liabilities for 
MREL. Furthermore, MREL requirements will be imposed on a (non G-SIB) bank-specific basis. The EU 
Banking Reforms also resulted in an amendment to a bank creditors' insolvency ranking, enabling banks to 
issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt, ranking just below the most senior debt and other 
senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution, while still being part of the senior unsecured debt category. 
The EU Banking Reforms will also result in the addition of a tool allowing for the suspension of certain 
contractual obligations for a short period of time prior to any resolution proceedings. As such, the EU 
Banking Reforms may affect BNG Bank (including with regard to the MREL it must maintain) and the 
Notes (including with regard to their ranking in insolvency and their being at risk of being bailed-in). The 
amendments to the SRM Framework apply from 28 December 2020. BRRD II, providing for the changes 
to BRRD, has not yet been transposed into Dutch law. Since the transposition deadline of 28 December 
2020 was not met, transposition is expected as soon as possible.   
Benchmarks Regulation 
Under the Benchmarks Regulation, new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range 
of benchmarks (such as EURIBOR or LIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the European Union. As the Issuer is a supervised entity and user of benchmarks 
within the meaning of the Benchmarks Regulation, BNG Bank has to comply with certain obligations under 
the Benchmarks Regulation in respect of in-scope products and contracts. This includes the obligation to 
produce and maintain a robust written plan among others setting out the actions BNG Bank would take in

--- Page 170 ---
170 
the event a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided. This plan is commonly referred to as a 
fallback plan and BNG Bank has produced and is maintaining such a plan. BNG Bank is also required to 
ensure that it only makes use of authorized benchmarks and that its contracts include appropriate fallback 
language. BNG Bank runs the risk that it is not able to timely amend its contracts and switch from the use 
of unauthorised benchmarks to authorised benchmarks and paying and/or receiving a similar rate of interest 
(both in its internal processes as well as in its external products and investments). This may affect BNG 
Bank's financial and compliance position. 
Coronavirus (or COVID-19) prudential regulatory initiatives 
Since the outbreak of the coronavirus (or COVID-19) pandemic, various legislative and regulatory 
authorities have taken prudential regulatory initiatives to address the negative impact of the coronavirus, 
including: 
European Commission (EC) 
In April 2020, the European Commission adopted a banking package to facilitate bank lending to 
households and businesses throughout the European Union and mitigate the significant economic impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. The banking package is intended to encourage banks to make full use of the 
flexibility embedded in the EU's existing prudential and accounting framework and provides market 
participants with a uniform interpretation of this flexibility. The banking package also proposed 
amendments to the CRR to inter alia (i) extend current transitional arrangements regarding the application 
of international accounting standards on banks' capital for two years, (ii) postpone the date of the new 
leverage ratio buffer requirement on G-SIIs by one year to 1 January 2023 (iii) extend existing preferential 
treatment given to non-performing loans that are guaranteed by the public sector and (iv) temporarily 
exclude certain exposures to central banks from the leverage ratio. BNG Bank did not make use of any of 
the additional flexibility offered by the CRR "quick fix " measures. The amendments of the CRR apply as 
of 27 June 2020. 
European Central Bank (ECB) 
In March 2020, the ECB announced its decision to allow its directly supervised banks (i) to operate 
temporarily below the level of capital as defined by Pillar 2 Guidance ("P2G"), the capital conservation 
buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio and (ii) to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as 
CET1 capital to meet Pillar 2 Requirements ("P2R"). In addition, the ECB asked banks not to pay dividends 
until at least October 2020. Over the course of 2020, further measures were taken by the ECB related to, 
inter alia, the treatment of non-performing loans and temporary relief for capital requirements for market 
risk. On 16 December 2020, the recommendation on dividend distributions and share buy-backs was 
extended until 30 September 2021 (the "ECB Corona Measures"). 
Dutch Central Bank (DNB) 
In March 2020, DNB announced (i) the temporary reduction of the systemic risk buffer requirement 
applicable to the three major Dutch banks ABN AMRO Bank, ING Bank and Rabobank and (ii) the 
postponement of the introduction of extra capital requirement for mortgage loans (the so-called 'DNB RWA 
Floor') for an indefinite period of time. In addition, DNB announced that, in line with the ECB Corona 
Measures, less significant institutions under its supervision will be allowed (i) to operate temporarily below 
the level of capital defined by the P2G, the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio and 
(ii) to partially meet their P2R with capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital. 
European Banking Authority (EBA) 
In March 2020, EBA announced that it would take certain measures to alleviate the immediate operational 
burden on banks, including the postponement of stress test exercises to 2021. Furthermore, EBA provided 
further guidance on (a) measures to mitigate the increase in aggregated amounts of additional valuation 
adjustments (AVAs) under the prudent valuation framework (for institutions applying the core approach) 
and (b) a postponement of the FRTB-SA (Fundamental Review of the Trading Book – Standardised 
Approach) reporting requirement. EBA also recognised the need for a pragmatic approach for the 2020 
SREP, focusing on the most material risks and vulnerabilities driven by the coronavirus crisis.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Further, in April 2020, EBA published guidelines on legislative and non-legislative loan repayments 
moratoria to ensure that banks, while maintaining comparable metrics, would be able to grant payment 
holidays to customers avoiding the automatic classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance 
or as defaulted under distressed restructuring. BNG participated in such a non-legislative moratorium. On 
21 September 2020, EBA announced the phasing out of these guidelines as of 30 September 2020, but 
subsequently reactivated the guidelines until 31 March 2021. 
Dutch Supervision and Regulation 
The Dutch regulation for financial supervision is laid down in and based on the provisions of the DFSA, 
which came into effect on 1 January 2007. The DFSA is partly based on European directives and 
regulations. 
BNG Bank operates under the supervision of the ECB, DNB, the AFM and the SRB. The Dutch regulatory 
supervision consists of prudential supervision and conduct of business supervision. Prudential supervision 
is performed by the ECB in cooperation with DNB while market conduct supervision is performed by the 
AFM.  
The ECB and DNB's prudential supervision is aimed at ensuring the financial soundness of financial 
undertakings, including banks, and contributes to the stability of the financial sector. In order to achieve 
this, the ECB and DNB protect the interests of bank creditors, policyholders, investors and financial 
services customers of financial enterprises. Prudential supervision comprises solvency and liquidity 
supervision designed to review whether financial enterprises can meet their payment obligations. The 
supervision aims to reduce the risk of bankruptcy. In case of breach of prudential rules of the DFSA, DNB 
or the ECB (depending on whether supervision in respect of a particular requirement has been conferred to 
the ECB or not) may, inter alia, issue directions, impose fines and publish information on any imposed 
sanctions and the context thereof. The rules on prudential supervision are further described below. The 
exercise of supervision by the ECB pursuant to the SSM and the exercise of resolution powers by the SRB 
pursuant to the SRM are further described above. 
The AFM's conduct supervision focuses on ensuring orderly and transparent financial market processes, 
proper relationships between market participants and the exercise of due care by financial enterprises in 
dealing with customers. The conduct supervision intends to realise that financial enterprises treat their 
customers with due care, in order to minimise the potential information gap between providers of financial 
services and products, and their customers. In case of breach of conduct rules pursuant to the DFSA, the 
AFM may, inter alia, issue directions, impose fines and publish information on any imposed sanctions and 
the context thereof. 
Treasury Banking   
As a public sector bank, BNG Bank attracts funds from and lends funds to local and regional authorities. 
In this respect, the developments under Dutch regulation of "treasury banking" are having an impact on 
BNG Bank. Treasury banking means the structuring of funds of Dutch ministries, social security funds and 
a large number of (semi) public organisations, whereby the Dutch State Treasury Agency ("DSTA") is 
viewed as the central treasury. 
On 15 December 2013, the Act on Mandatory Treasury Banking (Wet verplicht schatkistbankieren) entered 
into force. Pursuant to this Act, the Local and Regional Authorities Funding Act (Wet financiering 
decentrale overheden) was amended and rules on the mandatory treasury banking for local and regional 
authorities was introduced. In accordance with these rules, local and regional authorities are required to 
hold their surplus liquid funds in accounts held at the Netherlands Ministry of Finance (Ministerie van 
Financiën) with an aim to decrease the external funding needs of the State of the Netherlands which is 
intended to result in a reduction of public debt. Within the Ministry of Finance, treasury banking is executed 
by the DSTA. The participating local and regional authorities have been required to conclude agreements 
under private law with the DSTA.  
Notwithstanding the aforementioned rules, public sector banks such as BNG Bank have maintained their 
core business of financing local and regional authorities, public housing associations and healthcare 
institutions and the semi-public sector. Furthermore, despite these rules the share ownership of the State of

--- Page 172 ---
172 
the Netherlands in the public sector banks is not subject to debate. BNG Bank's consolidated total 
commission income decreased to €29 million in 2020 (2019: €32 million and 2018: €30 million). 
Dutch banking tax 
In 2012, the Netherlands introduced a Banking Tax Act (Wet Bankenbelasting). BNG Bank qualifies as a 
taxpayer under the Dutch Banking Tax Act. In 2020, 2019, and 2018, the tax owed was €34 million, €30 
million and €31 million, respectively.  
Structural supervision 
Qualified Holding 
An interest or control of 10% or more (a "qualified holding") in a Dutch licensed bank requires a declaration 
of no objection issued by the ECB. In addition, banks require a declaration of no objection for specific acts, 
for example if they wish to reduce their own funds or alter their financial or corporate structure. With 
respect to the rules for obtaining a declaration of no objection, we refer to CRD IV, as mentioned above. 
Aside from the declaration of no objection requirement for qualified holdings in financial enterprises, banks 
holding specific participating interests may also be required to apply for a declaration of no objection. Such 
is the case if the participating interest exceeds a given threshold value, for example, when the participating 
interest constitutes more than 1% of the balance sheet total of the receiving bank. These declarations of no 
objection are to be issued by DNB.  
Banking license 
Pursuant to the DFSA, no enterprise or institution established in the Netherlands may pursue the business 
of a bank unless it has obtained a banking license from the ECB. BNG Bank holds a Dutch banking license 
pursuant to Article 2:11 in conjunction with Article 2:12 of the DFSA to perform banking services in the 
Netherlands such as granting credits. Being a significant credit institution as referred to in the SSM 
Regulation, BNG Bank is subject to direct supervision by the ECB and must comply with the rules 
regarding prudential supervision as set out above. 
Banker's oath / Disciplinary scheme 
In 2013, the bankers' oath, an ethics statement for the financial industry, was introduced in the DFSA 
(pursuant to the Bankers' Oath Regulation (Regeling eed of belofte financiële sector)) for a financial 
institution's day-to-day policy makers and supervisory board members. As of 1 April 2015 the scope of 
people required to take the oath or solemn affirmation has been broadened to include any person that works 
under the responsibility of a bank in the Netherlands and has an employment contract with a bank or 
otherwise contributes to the substantial business of the bank.  
The Dutch Banking Association (Nederlandse Vereniging van Banken, "NVB") has established a 
Disciplinary Regulation (tuchtreglement) that lays down the consequences of breaching certain conduct 
rules and procedures for filing a complaint against individual employees. Employees of a bank must adhere 
to this disciplinary scheme and the conduct rules, by signing a disciplinary scheme declaration pursuant to 
the DFSA. 
Dutch Banking Code 2014 
The NVB has revised the Dutch Banking Code 2010. The new Dutch Banking Code 2014 ("Banking 
Code") entered into force on 1 January 2015 and is designed to make a contribution to public trust in banks 
and their role in the community. The Banking Code applies to all banks holding a banking license and 
formulates principles for banks relating to, for instance, the bankers' oath, remuneration, internal 
supervision, risk management and audits. 
Dutch Intervention Act

--- Page 173 ---
173 
The Dutch Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen or Interventiewet, 
hereinafter the "Dutch Intervention Act") provides the Dutch Minister of Finance with certain powers to 
intervene in a bank established in the Netherlands, such as BNG Bank, if the Dutch Minister of Finance 
deems that the stability of the financial system is in serious and immediate danger due to the situation that 
bank is in. These powers may result in the expropriation by the Dutch State of assets or liabilities of BNG 
Bank, and securities issued by or with the cooperation of BNG Bank. Also, the Dutch Minister of Finance 
may take certain immediate measures which may deviate from statutory provisions or from the articles of 
association of BNG Bank. As a result of the entry into force of the SRM and the implementation of the 
BRRD, the foregoing powers have been referred to by the Dutch legislator as constituting state emergency 
regulations and it is expected that these will only be applied if the SRM and BRRD regime would not be 
effective. The exclusion of certain rights against BNG Bank, as discussed above with respect to the BRRD, 
applies similarly in this context.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets out BNG Bank's capitalisation as at 31 December 2020.  
As of 31 December1
2020
(€ millions) 
Share capital 
139 
Share premium reserve 
6 
Other reserves 
3,712 
Revaluation reserve 
86 
Cash flow hedge reserve 
11 
Own credit adjustment 
5 
Cost of hedging reserve 
184 
Net profit 
221 
Equity attributable to shareholders 
4,364 
Hybrid Capital 
733 
Funds Entrusted 
5,599 
Subordinated Debt 
35 
Debt Securities 
108,615 
Total Capitalisation 
119,346 
1 The information in this table is derived from the last published financial information of the Issuer.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 2020-2016 
The following table sets out selected financial data of BNG Group as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016. 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
(€ millions, except percentages, per share, funding, employee data or otherwise 
specified) 
Balance sheet 
total 
160,359 
149,689 
137,509 
140,025 
154,000 
Long-term 
loan 
portfolio1 
85,981 
84,184 
81,627 
80,086 
81,005 
– of which 
granted to or 
guaranteed by 
public 
authorities 
78,069 
80,341 
77,732 
77,727 
79,304 
Shareholders’ 
equity2
4,364 
4,154 
4,258 
4,220 
3,753 
Hybrid 
capital 
733 
733 
733 
733 
733 
Equity 
per 
share 
(in 
euros) 
78.36 
74.59 
76.45 
75.78 
67.39 
Leverage 
ratio 
3.5% 
3.6% 
3.8% 
3.5% 
3.0% 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 
ratio 
33% 
32% 
32% 
30% 
26% 
Tier 1 capital 
ratio
39% 
38% 
38% 
37% 
32% 
Net profit 
221 
163 
337 
393 
369 
Net 
profit 
available 
to 
shareholders 
202 
142 
318 
318 
265 
Net 
profit 
available 
to 
shareholders 
3.62 
2.55 
5.70 
6.73 
6.62 
1 As of 2020, the long-term portfolio will be reported instead of the total loan portfolio. The figures as of 2016 in this 
table relate to the long-term portfolio.  
2 Excluding hybrid capital.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
(€ millions, except percentages, per share, funding, employee data or otherwise 
specified) 
per share (in 
euros) 
Proposed 
dividend 
101 
71 
159 
141 
91 
Dividend as a 
% 
of 
consolidated 
net profit 
50% 
50% 
50% 
37.5% 
25% 
Proposed 
dividend per 
share 
(in 
euros) 
1.81 
1.27 
2.85 
2.53 
1.64 
Social 
Number 
of 
staff (in full-
time 
equivalents) 
at year-end3
321 
309 
302 
303 
292 
Sickness 
absence4
2.7% 
3.5% 
3.3% 
3.0% 
3.4% 
Funding due 
to placing SRI 
bonds 
(in 
billions 
of 
euros) 
2.19 
1.93 
1.19 
1.38 
1.56 
Environment 
Carbon 
dioxide 
emissions 
(total, 
in 
tonnes) 5
221 
377 
453 
515 
540 
3 Starting in 2016, the FTE of positions for which a 40-hour working week has been agreed is determined on the basis 
of a 36-hour working week, resulting in > 1.1 FTE. The number of FTEs consequently increases by more than seven 
(7). 
4 The methodology used to measure sickness absence was changed in 2017. The figures for 2017 onwards are not 
directly comparable with those of previous years. Please see Appendix 1 to the 2018 financial statements containing 
the reporting principles and data-measuring techniques for details. 
5 The conversion factors for the calculation of carbon dioxide emissions were changed in 2017. The emissions for 2016 
have been recalculated on the same basis. Accordingly, the figures for 2016 to 2018 inclusive are not directly 
comparable with those of previous years. Please see the section ‘Reporting principles’ of the 2020 financial statements 
containing the reporting principles and data-measuring technique for the details.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
(€ millions, except percentages, per share, funding, employee data or otherwise 
specified) 
–  per full-
time 
equivalent (in 
tonnes) 
0.7 
1.2 
1.5 
1.7 
1.9

--- Page 178 ---
178 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW  
The following operating and financial review is intended to convey management's perspective on the 
operating performance and financial condition of BNG Bank during the period under review, as measured 
in accordance with IFRS-EU. This disclosure is intended to assist readers in understanding and 
interpreting the financial statements of BNG Bank incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The 
discussion should be read in conjunction with the "Selected Financial Data 2020–2016" and the 
consolidated financial statements of BNG Bank and the accompanying notes which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. BNG Bank is required to comply with IFRS-EU, and its accounting 
policies have been established accordingly. 
This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. BNG 
Bank's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as 
a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
particularly under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking 
Statements". 
In this operating and financial review, references to "2020", "2019" and "2018" refer to the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
Overview  
BNG Bank is a specialised lender to local and regional authorities as well as to public-sector institutions 
such as utilities, housing associations and healthcare, welfare and educational institutions, and is the largest 
public-sector lender in the Netherlands and the principal bank for the Dutch public sector in terms of loans, 
advances and inter-governmental money transfers. BNG Bank also provides limited lending to public-
private partnerships.  
Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations  
General economic conditions  
The COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to weigh heavily on global economic prospects in the 
short term. However, the rollout of wide-spread vaccination programmes in advanced economies are 
expected to aide a rising recovery in the second half of 2021, although the strength of recovery is uncertain 
and projected to vary significantly across countries likely depending on the effectiveness of a country’s 
COVID-19 strategy.1 A year on from when COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health 
Organization on 11 March 2020, various countries across the world, including the Netherlands, have 
maintained baseline measures aimed at preventing the further spread of the COVID-19 virus as well as snap 
measures deployed to address new waves of COVID-19 infections, such as a ban on public events with 
over a certain number of attendees, temporary closure of places where larger groups of people gather such 
as schools, sports facilities and bars and restaurants, lockdowns, border controls and travel and other 
restrictions. Such measures continue to disrupt the normal flow of business operations in the Netherlands 
and other countries and regions, affected global supply chains and resulted in uncertainty across the global 
economy and financial markets.  
In addition to measures aimed at preventing the further spread of the COVID-19 virus, governments in 
various countries have introduced measures aimed at mitigating the economic consequences of the 
pandemic. The Dutch government has specifically announced economic measures aimed at protecting jobs, 
households’ wages and companies, such as by way of tax payment holidays, guarantee schemes and a 
compensation scheme for heavily affected sectors in the economy. It is expected that these measures will 
continue until at least mid-2021 as the Dutch government has announced additional stimulus measures in 
the later part of 2020. 
Governments, regulators and central banks, including the ECB and DNB, have also announced that they 
are taking or considering measures in order to safeguard the stability of the financial sector, to prevent 
lending to the business sector from being severely impaired and to ensure the payment system continues to 
function properly. In a press release issued on 17 March 2020, the DNB announced that it had decided to

--- Page 179 ---
179 
temporarily give banks additional leeway by (i) lowering systemic buffers in respect of global risk-weighted 
exposures for certain banks and (ii) postponing the introduction of a floor for mortgage loan risk weighting, 
in each case to continue business lending and absorb potential losses (see ‘BNG Bank N.V. – Coronavirus 
(or COVID-19) prudential regulatory initiatives’). Further, major central banks are expected to maintain 
their current policy actions, including current central bank rate settings to the end of 2022. The ECB’s 
Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme of €1,850 billion will run until at least mid-2022, and the ECB 
will reinvest the redemptions until at least late 2023. The ECB is also using a liquidity-providing instrument, 
the TLTRO to increase liquidity and support the euro area economy. Banks can use this TLTRO to borrow 
money cheaply from the ECB for a three-year period to pass this benefit to their customers. The other 
stimulus programmes, including the ECB's ‘regular’ asset purchase programme of €120 billion, remained 
unchanged in 2020, as has the policy interest rate, which is still at -0.5%. Financial conditions in advanced 
economies are expected to broadly remain at current levels with markets remaining positive about recovery 
in 2021, assuming continued monetary policy support. 
The exact ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly uncertain and it is difficult to predict the 
further spread or duration of the pandemic and the economic effects thereof, or the effect of current or any 
future measures aimed at preventing further spread of the virus and at limiting damage to the economy and 
financial markets, whether direct or indirect, such as by increasing sovereign debt of certain countries which 
may result in increased volatility and widening credit spreads.  
Growth forecasts for some of the largest European economies were in the process of being significantly 
revised at the start of 2021. Although a modest recovery in the Eurozone is forecast for the second half of 
2021, the uncertainty around COVID-19 means that any such recovery is susceptible to decline if countries 
are not able to control a new wave of infections. See ‘Risk Factors – BNG Bank’s business and results of 
operations may be negatively affected by actual or perceived local and global economic and financial 
market conditions’. The forecasts for the four largest economies in the Eurozone, and the Eurozone itself, 
have been impacted by the severe recession as a result of the prolonged disruption and lockdown caused by 
the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the IMF is expecting real GDP in Germany, France, Italy, Spain and 
the Eurozone itself to modestly grow by 3.6%, 5.8%, 4.2%, 6.4% and 4.4%, respectively in 2021.2 In an 
attempt to mitigate the economic fallout caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, various fiscal initiatives as 
well as an expanded QE program of the ECB have been implemented. These measures are designed to 
improve confidence in Eurozone equities and encourage private bank lending. However, there remains 
considerable uncertainty as to whether such measures will be sufficient to ensure economic recovery or 
avert the threat of sovereign default should waves of infection continue in 2021. 
The Dutch economy saw growth in 2018 and 2019. However, in 2020, like most of the global economy, it 
experienced a large economic contraction and a significant decline in growth. In 2021, the government’s 
budget deficit is expected to exceed a ceiling of 3% of gross domestic product (GDP) (which it has complied 
with since 2013) by reaching 4.3% of GDP3, while the Dutch EMU debt continued to remain below the 
threshold of 60% of GDP. GDP in the Netherlands decreased by 3.7% in 2020 compared with an increase 
of 1.7% in 2019.4 The COVID-19 pandemic led to the largest economic contraction ever measured by 
Statistics Netherlands.5 The IMF is forecasting recovery in real GDP for the Netherlands of around 3.5%.6
The exportation of goods and services decreased by 4.3% in 2020 compared to a 2.7% increase in 2019, 
and projections suggest it is set to increase by 2.6% in 2021.7 Government consumption as a percentage of 
GDP increased to approximately 25.9% in 2020 when compared with 2019.8 Investments in tangible fixed 
assets were remained stable at 8% in December 2020 and December 2019.9 In 2020, the average number of 
people unemployed in the Netherlands increased to 3.8% of the working population, from 3.4% in 2019 
(2018: 3.8%). According to government sources, the prolonged impact of the recession will cause 
unemployment in the Netherlands to either continue to increase slightly or begin to fall in the second half 
of 2021 (worst case scenario is an expected unemployment rate of a 6.1%).10 The IMF is similarly 
2 Source: IMF: World Economic Outlook 2021.
3 Source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek).
4 Source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek). 
5 Source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek).
6 Source: IMF: World Economic Outlook 2021. 
7 Source: CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis (Centraal Planbureau). 
8 Source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek). 
9 Source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek). 
10 Source: CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis (Centraal Planbureau).

--- Page 180 ---
180 
forecasting an unemployment rate for the Dutch working population of 4.9%.11 Inflation in the Netherlands 
was approximately 1.3% in 2020 (2019: 2.7%; 2018: 1.6%), and government projections suggest it is set to 
increase to 1.4% in 2021.12 The decreasing inflation rate in 2020 was influenced lower food costs which 
were partially offset by higher fuel, energy and clothing costs. In the Eurozone as a whole, inflation 
decreased slightly for the year-end 2020 to 1.3% (2019: 1.6%; 2018: 1.5%).13 The IMF is forecasting an 
inflation rate of 1.4% for the Netherlands in 2021.14 
As evidenced by the statistics above, economic recovery in Europe and the Netherlands following the global 
economic and financial crisis has generally resulted in GDP growth, lower unemployment rates and more 
stable property markets, which has moderately raised investment and consumer spending. Although the 
Dutch economy improved in 2018 and 2019, recovery has not yet taken hold in 2021 and volatility resulting 
from factors such as changes in interest rates, securities prices, credit and liquidity spreads, exchange rates, 
consumer spending, business investment, real estate valuations, government spending, inflation, the capital 
markets and other destabilizing forces such as geopolitical tensions or acts of terrorism, all in combination 
with, or as a result of the effects of, the COVID-19 epidemic, is expected maintain a significantly less 
favourable environment for BNG Bank's public sector clientele in 2021.  
BNG Bank believes that the economic and market conditions in the Netherlands and Western Europe in 
general will continue to affect BNG Bank's results of operations. In particular, BNG Bank's ability to 
generate revenues and expand its loan portfolio in the future largely depends on good economic and market 
circumstances within the Netherlands, which in turn relies on good economic and market circumstances in 
Western Europe. For more information relating to macro-economic risks to BNG Bank, see "Risk Factors 
– BNG Bank's business and results of operations may be negatively affected by actual or perceived local 
and global economic and financial market conditions". 
Lending  
New long-term lending volumes gradually recovered in 2018 and 2019 from the immediate post-global 
economic and financial crisis levels, driven by increased investment from local authorities and housing 
associations in particular, including for the purposes of residential construction and sustainability measures 
for existing real estate. However, in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic prompted central banks to relax their 
monetary policies which caused long-term interest rates in most Western countries to decline. The low 
interest rates had a significant impact on BNG’s financial results. At the same time, budgetary constraints 
affecting local and regional authorities, a lower level of investment in housing as a result of the amendments 
to the Housing Act, the decentralisation of certain tasks from the central government to the municipalities, 
and, to a lesser extent, increased competition, continue to weigh on  long-term lending volumes.  
BNG Bank's total new long-term lending volumes decreased to €11.7 billion 2020, compared to €14 billion 
in 2019, reflecting the impact of COVID-19. New long-term lending to the housing association sector  has 
remained relatively stable at €5.5 billion in 2020, compared to €5.7 billion in 2019 and €5.5 billion in 2018, 
reflecting the steady development of this client-sector over recent years. BNG Bank's long-term lending 
portfolio based on principal amounts increased by €1.8 billion to €86 billion in 2020. The increase was 
principally due to lower volume of  expired long-term loans.  
The amendments to the Housing Act, which entered into force on 1 July 2015, limit the scope of business 
activities of housing associations. The amendments, together with the Landlord Levy, initially resulted in 
the delay of investments by housing associations. The legal conditions under which these investments must 
take place under the Housing Act have since been confirmed and accordingly, investments have re-
commenced. BNG Bank expects an increase in investments in the coming years. In addition, competition 
in housing association lending continued to increase in the last years particularly in the very long-term loan 
segment.  
The demand for new long-term lending from municipal and provincial authorities decreased in 2020 to €4.9 
billion, compared to €5.4 billion in 2019 and €4.6 billion in 2018. The decrease in demand was split between 
approximately 43% in the solvency free sector and 57% in the solvency sector. Nearly €2.2 billion was 
11 Source: IMF: World Economic Outlook 2021.
12 Source: CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis (Centraal Planbureau). 
13 Source: Eurostat.
14 Source: IMF: World Economic Outlook 2021.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
provided to municipalities and provincial authorities which, owing to their sustainability scores, are eligible 
for financing under BNG Bank's sustainability bond. Nonetheless, demand for new long-term lending from 
municipal and provincial authorities remains subject to mitigating factors such as the new local and regional 
authorities' obligation to engage in treasury banking with the Dutch central government which became 
effective as of 1 January 2014 (as described in more detail below) resulting in excess cash on deposits being 
lent between municipalities and/or provinces, which reduced the need for long-term loans in this sector. 
Furthermore, the Dutch Sustainability of Public Finances Act (Wet houdbare overheidsfinanciën), which 
took effect in December 2013, depressed financing requirements of the Dutch public sector as it imposed 
budgetary rules for local and regional authorities that fit in the broader policy of lowering EMU debt. This 
act places a macro-level cap on the local and regional authorities’ EMU deficit, thereby limiting their scope 
for investments and thus financing needs. These factors may continue to impact demand for long-term loans 
in the public sector in 2021. In addition, the recent measures introduced nationally to reduce nitrogen and 
PFAS group substance levels has had a considerable impact on local authorities in 2020, however, this has 
had only a limited effect on turnover and loan portfolio and resulted in relatively few projects financed by 
BNG Bank being delayed.  
The demand for new long-term lending to the healthcare sector in 2020 was €667 million, significantly 
lower than the prior year level of €1.2 billion in 2019 and €0.9 billion in 2018. Demand for long-term loans 
has generally declined in all healthcare sectors in 2020. This trend is also reflected in the long-term loans 
provided by BNG Bank over the same period. In addition, the higher concentration risk in the portfolio 
arising from the relatively high long-term lending in recent years has led BNG Bank to be more selective 
in meeting funding demand from the healthcare sector for loans subject to solvency requirements. 
The foregoing factors may continue to affect demand for long-term loans in the public sector in 2021.  
Funding 
At the end of 2014, the Dutch Central Bank confirmed BNG Bank's status as a 'promotional lender' within 
the framework of the liquidity coverage requirements under the CRR. This means that debt securities issued 
by BNG Bank qualify as level 1 assets for the calculation of the LCR. In 2014, many banks already 
considered BNG Bank's debt instruments to be securities with the highest liquidity standard, which caused 
the interest on the part of bank treasuries in BNG Banks' debt securities to rise, which in turn contributed 
to the favourable long-term funding rates BNG Bank was able to achieve in 2014. In April 2015, the ECB 
added BNG Bank to the list of institutions whose securities are eligible for the public sector purchase 
program. 
In 2018, 2019 and 2020, increased confidence in the European capital markets generated a broad supply of 
long-term funds, which was reflected in a marked improvement in credit and liquidity spreads that BNG 
Bank paid to raise long-term funds throughout this period. However, as risk aversion declined in the 
Eurozone, there was a contraction in the excessive supply of flight capital to low risk securities, and BNG 
Bank was required to pay higher spreads to attract short-term funding during 2018, 2019 and 2020. BNG 
Bank was able to fulfil its short-term liquidity requirements at attractive rates in 2018, 2019 and 2020, but 
not as attractive as previously. 
For both refinancing and lending purposes, BNG Bank raised €15.1 billion in long-term funding in 2020 
compared to €17.5 billion in 2019 and €18.1 billion in 2018, by issuing among other things, seven 
benchmark loans in euros and US dollars ranging in size from 1 billion to 2 billion. BNG Bank expects its 
long-term funding requirement for 2021 to be approximately €15.0 billion.  
Interest rates 
The U.S. Federal Reserve ended its quantitative easing program in October 2014 and in December 2015 
raised its target range for the federal funds rate for the first time since June 2006. In December 2016, the 
U.S. Federal Reserve raised its target range for the federal funds rate by 25 basis points, to a range of 0.50% 
to 0.75%, with further increases in each of March, June, September and December 2018. In response to 
slowing growth, however, the U.S. Federal Reserve reduced the federal funds rate in August, September 
and October 2019. In response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, significant decreases in the federal 
funds rate were made in March 2020. The target range for the federal funds rate after these decreases is 
forecast to be 0% to 0.25%. Although there are signs that recovery in the U.S. is underway, there is currently

--- Page 182 ---
182 
no indication that the U.S. Federal Reserve intends to tighten these monetary policies. Further, both the 
U.S. Federal Reserve and the ECB have aggressively expanded asset purchase programs. Globally, central 
banks have committed to new and expanded asset purchase programs for as long as necessary to reinforce 
the accommodative impact of its policy rates.  
Interest rates in Europe have remained at historically low levels for the past several years. Interest rates for 
the EONIA have fluctuated since 2017, from an average of negative 0.370% at year-end 2017 to negative 
0.464% at October, 1 2019.15 The euro-short term rate (€STR) was launched on October 2, 2019 as a 
replacement for EONIA and has currently traded within a range of negative 0.566% and negative 0.569% 
in April 2021. The ECB benchmark interest rate has been falling since 2013. In September 2016, the ECB 
lowered the refinancing rate to an historic low of negative 0.5%. The current ECB rate remains at negative 
0.5%, in addition to the other expansive measures the ECB is implementing in an effort to support the 
Eurozone economies particularly in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Fluctuations in short-term and medium- to long-term interest rates impact BNG Bank's interest result 
differently based upon the repricing profile of its interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, 
which is set forth in Risk Section – Liquidity and funding risk – Maturity analysis of financial assets and 
liabilities on the basis of the remaining contractual period to the 2020 financial statements incorporated by 
reference herein. BNG Bank's repricing profile depends upon the pricing terms applicable to its products 
(including base interest rates and yield curves), the mix of funding and lending instruments in BNG Bank's 
portfolio and the extent of BNG Bank's use of interest rate-related derivative contracts. As a general matter, 
the very low interest rates do not affect BNG Bank's interest rate margins as significantly as certain other 
financial institutions, as BNG Bank relies mainly on funding from the capital markets rather than from 
deposits and current accounts, and BNG Bank's borrowing and lending margins are more closely matched. 
BNG Bank also uses a variety of derivative products to minimise the risks related to fluctuations in interest 
rates and foreign exchange rates due to cross-currency basis spreads (see below). In 2020, result on financial 
transactions was a net loss of €17 million, compared to a net gain of €37 million in 2019. The net loss of 
€17 million in 2020 was partly due to realised results in the amount of €39 million (profit), largely due to 
changes in the liquidity portfolio. The unrealised results of EUR 56 million (loss) also represented and 
stated in the income statement part of this result due to the higher credit spreads as of result of the impact 
of COVID-19 on the financial markets. In 2019, result on financial transactions was a net gain of €37 
million, compared to a net gain of €112 million in 2018. The net gain of €37 million in 2019 was partly due 
to the low interest rates and spreads resulting from the ECB's monetary policy. Result on financial 
transactions was a net gain of €112 million in 2018. See "Risk Factors – BNG Bank may be unable to 
manage its risks successfully through derivatives". 
Hedging  
BNG Bank generally applies economic hedging in order to minimise foreign exchange risks, due to the 
variability of foreign currency cash flows caused by the fluctuations of exchange rates and cross-currency 
basis spreads, and to keep interest rate risks at desired levels. BNG Bank maintains a system of limits and 
procedures that are monitored on a daily basis. Foreign exchange and interest rate risks are hedged by using 
derivatives. The treatment of derivatives and hedged items in the balance sheet and income statement is 
such that they are aligned with the actual economic hedging. For accounting purposes, BNG Bank processes 
this hedging relationship under IFRS through micro and portfolio fair value hedging as well as cash flow 
hedging. 
BNG Bank values the derivatives, for which collateral is exchanged daily, that BNG Bank uses for hedging 
currency and interest rate risks, using the OIS curve which is compiled on the basis of daily interest rates. 
The OIS curve is also used to determine the interest fee for the collateral exchanged daily with financial 
counterparties with which the derivatives are entered into. 
Micro fair value hedging ("MH") is applied to individual transactions involved in an economic hedge 
relationship to offset interest rate risks. Micro hedging relates to individual transactions where interest rate 
risk exposure is concerned, which transactions become involved in an economic hedge relationship. MH is 
applied to a large part of the financial obligations listed under the debt securities and funds entrusted items, 
as well as to large portions of the highly liquid assets in the financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. In the case of micro hedging, there is a demonstrable one-to-one relationship 
15 Source: https://www.euribor-rates.eu/eonia.asp

--- Page 183 ---
183 
between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. The interest rate risks are hedged by means of 
derivatives, mainly interest rate swaps. The issues are fully offset against the derivatives so that, on a net 
basis, the fixed coupons of the issues are converted into variable interest amounts in Euros. Both the issues 
and the accompanying derivatives can contain structures such as options which are also fully offset. The 
revaluation effect of hedged MH transactions with regard to fair value hedging is accounted for in the same 
balance sheet item as the hedged items. 
BNG Bank applies cash flow hedge accounting ("CFH") to virtually all long-term financial obligations in 
foreign currencies, as well as to a small portion of highly liquid assets in the financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income included in MH by using mainly cross-currency interest rate swaps 
in order to protect its result against possible variability in future cash flows due to exchange rate 
fluctuations, specifically due to cross-currency basis spreads. Under IFRS, BNG Bank is obligated to 
recognise the change in the instrument's fair value in its accounts. Under IFRS, the effects of this accounting 
mismatch must be recognised in the income statement as value adjustments to derivatives. With the use of 
cash flow hedge accounting, the effective part of the cash flow hedge, arising from changes in the cross 
currency basis spread, is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity. The interest results of both 
the hedging instrument and the hedged item are accounted for in the same period in the income statement. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, BNG Bank recognised a decrease of €2 million (2019: increase of 
€3 million) in the effective value adjustment of hedging instruments in equity (cash flow hedge reserve) by 
virtue of cash flow hedging.  
In portfolio fair value hedging ("PH"), the interest rate risks of a group of transactions is hedged by means 
of a group of several types of derivatives. The hedging relationship is constructed and controlled at an 
aggregate level, thus precluding relationships with individual transactions. PH is applied to a large part of 
the loans and advances as well as to large portions of the highly liquid assets in the financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income. Any ineffectiveness that occurs is also recognised in the 
income statement. The revaluation of hedged PH items is accounted for in the balance sheet item, value 
adjustments on loans in portfolio hedge accounting. In both types of hedge accounting, the derivatives in 
question are measured at fair value and included in the Derivatives item. 
As mentioned above, BNG Bank uses PH and MH respectively to hedge its principal assets (loans and 
advances and its securities portfolio) as well as respectively its main liabilities (principally borrowings). 
There can be significant movements in line items although the net effects, due to its policy on matching, 
results in relatively small net movements. Some of the movements in the period under discussion were 
exacerbated by the financial crisis and the differentials that arose between floating-rate and fixed-rate 
interest rates. 
Although BNG Bank uses derivatives for economic hedging purposes, it is not possible in all cases to 
include these in a hedge accounting relationship, as permitted by IFRS. For the derivatives that are not 
involved in a hedge accounting relationship, in virtually all cases there is an economic hedged position 
which is also recognised at fair value through the income statement so that, in total, the volatility of the 
results due to interest rate and foreign exchange risks is limited. 
Regulatory changes and operating expenses  
Increased regulatory burdens, stricter requirements imposed by supervisory authorities, the change to 
prudential supervision by the ECB under the SSM, the implementation of the BRRD and the SRM, the 
further development of CRR and CRD standards, the application of EMIR, the transition to the single 
European payments area and more complex accounting rules make considerable demands on relatively 
small financial institutions like BNG Bank. Most implications for BNG Bank are due to additions and 
amendments to IFRS regulations, the new Basel III regulations and the steps taken by the European 
Commission to create the EU banking union. In addition, the SSM has a significant impact on BNG Bank. 
The large volumes of data requested within increasingly shorter time frames require adjustments to be made 
to BNG Bank's processes and systems. Furthermore, the increased regulatory burden has required additional 
workforce. Although total operating expenses during the years under review have remained relatively 
stable, BNG Bank expects that its total operating expenses may rise in the coming years as a result of the 
foregoing factors.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
With the culmination of several extensive reporting requirements and data and process quality improvement 
projects, BNG Bank increased its permanent workforce (to 330 FTEs in 2020 from 309 FTEs in 2019). As 
a result of these additions, total staff costs increased to €49 million in 2020 from €41 million in 2019.  
The lump sum bank levy paid during 2020 was €34 million (2019: €30 million and, 2018: €31 million). 
BNG Bank's payable bank levy in 2021, which is determined based on the balance sheet as of 31 December 
2020, is expected to be €54 million and is expected to be charged to the income statement on 1 October 
2021. In addition, in 2020 BNG paid almost €8 million to the SRF as a lump sum in June 2020. BNG 
Bank’s contribution to the SRF in 2021 will be very limited, owing to expected refunds of €1.1 million  and 
€7.7 million following the opportunity to adjust its statement for the contributions paid in 2015 and 2016, 
respectively.  
The implementation of IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' has replaced IAS 39 'Financial Instruments 
Recognition' almost entirely, apart from the macro hedge accounting section. The new standard is 
compulsory for financial years commencing on or after 1 January 2018. With regard to the classification 
and valuation of financial assets under IFRS 9, a number of transactions that are measured at fair value 
under IAS 39 were recognised at amortised cost under IFRS 9 for the first time in 2018. The differences in 
carrying amount were incorporated in the IFRS 9 opening balance sheet under the other reserves in equity. 
Transition to the opening balance sheet in accordance with the new standard resulted in 2018 in a decrease 
in equity of €266 million (after tax). This decrease was mainly attributable to adjustments relating to hedge 
accounting (€174 million). Equity (after tax) increased in 2020 by €210 million largely due to an increase 
in net profit to €221 million. 
The classification and valuation of financial liabilities remains unchanged, except for financial liabilities 
classed as measured at fair value through the income statement. For these liabilities, the value movement 
due to changes in BNG Bank’s creditworthiness ("Own Credit Adjustment" or "OCA") must be included 
in the equity (revaluation reserve) and not in the income statement. In the event of a buyback of financial 
liabilities at fair value through the income statement, the OCA for the transaction in question is transferred 
from the revaluation reserve to the realised portion of the equity (other reserves). The total value of the 
OCA as at 31 December 2020 was €5 million positive (after tax) in equity (2019: €8 million positive). 
Results of Operations 
The table below sets forth BNG Bank's consolidated results of operations for the years ended 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018:  
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(€ millions) 
Interest revenue .............................................................
4,876
5,523
5,720
Interest expenses ........................................................... 
4,399 
5,088 
5,286 
Interest result.................................................................
477
435
434
Commission income......................................................
29
32
30
Commission expenses ................................................... 
4 
2 
2 
Commission result.........................................................
25
30
28
Result on financial transactions.....................................
(17)
37
112
Results from associates and joint ventures....................
3
3
4
Other results .................................................................. 
1 
1 
2 
Total income ................................................................ 
489 
506 
580 
Staff costs......................................................................
49
41
40
Other administrative expenses.......................................
46
37
33
Depreciations ................................................................. 
3 
3 
3 
Total operating expenses............................................. 
98 
81 
76 
Impairments...................................................................
17
160
2
Contribution to resolution fund .....................................
8
8
12

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Bank levy ......................................................................
34
30
31
Total other expenses .................................................... 
59 
198 
45 
Profit before tax ........................................................... 
332 
227 
459 
Tax expenses ................................................................. 
111 
64 
122 
Net Profit ...................................................................... 
221 
163 
337 
– of which attributable to holders of hybrid capital.......
19
21
19
– of which attributable to shareholders .........................
202
142
318
Description of key income statement items 
Interest result 
Interest result comprises interest revenue and interest expenses. Interest revenue includes all positive 
interest results from both traditional financial instruments and derivatives, including negative interest 
expenses on financial liabilities. In addition, other credit-related income received is included in this item. 
Interest revenue on assets that were subject to impairment are recognised in full based on the original 
effective interest percentage, as long as the expected interest cash flows are received. Interest expense, on 
the other hand, includes all negative interest results from both traditional financial instruments and 
derivatives, including negative interest revenue on financial assets. The cost of borrowing as well as other 
interest-related charges are also recognised. 
Since the introduction of IFRS in 2005, BNG Bank has shown the revenue from its assets and the associated 
hedging instruments (derivatives) under interest revenue. Expenses resulting from liabilities and the 
associated hedging instruments were shown under interest expenses. The consistent decline in interest rates 
(leading to negative interest in some cases), however, prompted BNG Bank to adjust this method. In the 
2018, 2019 and 2020 financial statements, the interest revenue from all assets and liabilities are included 
under the Interest revenue line item. In the 2018, 2019 and 2020 financial statements, interest expenses 
from all assets and liabilities are included under the Interest expenses line item.  
BNG Bank takes the view that such changes will provide more relevant and reliable information as, under 
the new method, interest revenue and interest expenses more accurately reflect BNG Bank's primary income 
and expenditure. 
Commission result 
Commission result comprises commission income and commission expenses. Commission income includes 
income received from and to be received for services provided to third parties. Commission expense 
includes fees paid or to be paid for services rendered by third parties in relation to loans and credit facilities 
and payment services.  
Result on financial transactions 
Results on financial transactions includes the unrealised market value adjustments in: all financial 
instruments due to exchange rate fluctuations; derivatives measured at fair value, including market value 
changes due to the counterparty credit risk (Credit Valuation Adjustment) and due to own credit risk (Debit 
Value Adjustment) for derivative transactions without a daily or limited exchange of collateral; financial 
instruments measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised through the income statement; 
effective portions of the hedged interest rate risk in financial assets involved in a fair value hedge accounting 
relationship; the amortisation of changes in value to loans and advances in the hedge accounting portfolio; 
and the ineffective portion of the hedged risk in cash-flow hedge accounting. 
Results on financial transactions also includes sales and buyout results for financial instruments measured 
at fair value. These realised results comprise the difference between the net proceeds of the sale and the 
carrying amount, including the release of value movements accumulated in the equity. Finally, differences 
between the fair value and transaction price of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on 
initial recognition are also included.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Other results 
The Other results include the results not relating to BNG Bank's operational core activities. 
Administrative expenses 
Administrative expenses includes staff costs and other administrative expenses. Other administrative 
expenses includes the cost of outsourcing, maintenance of property and equipment, printing costs, training 
expenses and advertising costs. 
Impairments  
The impairments item includes the impairments of financial and non-financial fixed assets.  
Impairments are recognised in the income statement if the carrying amount of a financial or non-financial 
asset or the cash flow generating unit to which the financial or non-financial asset pertains exceeds the 
estimated realisable value. If the financial or non-financial asset was provided against collateral, the 
proceeds minus costs from the sale of that collateral are taken into account in estimating future cash flows. 
If irrecoverable financial or non-financial assets generate cash flows after having been written down, these 
cash flows are recognised directly in the income statement. 
–
Impairments on financial assets 
BNG Bank assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses ("ECLs") of financial assets that 
are not measured at fair value through the income statement, being financial assets at amortised cost 
(interest-bearing securities and loans and advances), impairments of financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income and impairments of loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts 
(provision for off-balance sheet commitments), cash and balances held with central banks, amounts due 
from banks and cash collateral posted. The amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying 
amount and the present value based on expected future cash flows. 
ECLs are derived from unbiased and probability-weighted estimates of expected loss, and are measured as 
follows:  

Financial assets that are not credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the present value of all 
cash shortfalls over the expected life of the financial asset discounted by the effective interest 
rate. The cash shortfall is the difference between the cash flows due to BNG Bank in 
accordance with the contract and the cash flows that BNG Bank expects to receive. 

Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the difference between the 
gross carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted by the 
effective interest rate. 

Undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual 
cash flows that are due to BNG Bank if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows 
that BNG Bank expects to receive. 

Financial guarantee contracts: as the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any 
amounts that BNG Bank expects to recover. 
In the case of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, the 
measurement of impairments is based on the three-stage approach as applied to financial assets at amortised 
cost. BNG Bank recognises the impairment charge in the income statement, with the corresponding amount 
recognised in other comprehensive income, with no reduction in the carrying amount of the asset in the 
balance sheet. 
–
Impairments of non-financial assets

--- Page 187 ---
187 
The carrying amount of BNG Bank's non-financial assets (property and equipment, investments in 
associates and joint ventures), with the exception of deferred tax assets, is assessed twice a year in order to 
determine whether there are objective indications of impairment. To determine impairments, an estimate is 
made of the realisable value and individual assets are divided into groups at the lowest level at which future 
cash flows can be identified (cash flow generating units). BNG Bank has not recognised any goodwill.  
The realisable value of an asset or cash flow generating unit is equal to the higher of the value in use and 
the fair value minus selling costs. In determining the value in use, the present value of the estimated future 
cash flows is calculated using a discount rate before tax which reflects both the current market appraisals 
of the time value of money and the specific risks relating to the asset. Impairments recognised in respect of 
cash flow generating units are first offset against the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units 
and subsequently offset pro rata against the carrying amount of the other assets of the unit (or group of 
units).  
Non-financial assets which were subject to impairment are reassessed at each balance sheet date. 
Impairment of a non-financial asset, with the exception of goodwill included in non-financial assets, is 
reversed through the income statement (Impairments item) if it is possible to establish reliably that the 
negative effects of the  indication for the impairment recognised earlier are mitigated. An impairment is 
only reversed to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed the carrying amount minus 
depreciation or amortisation, which would have been determined if no impairment had been recognised. 
Contribution to resolution fund 
Expenses relating to the resolution fund as required under the BRRD and SRM Regulation are deductible 
for corporate income tax purposes. The full amount payable is charged to the result in the month of payment. 
The €8 million payable for 2020 was paid as a lump sum in June and was charged to the income statement. 
BNG Bank’s will have to pay a contribution again to the SRF in 2021. However, this will be very limited, 
owing to expected refunds of €1.1 million  and €7.7 million following the opportunity to adjust its statement 
for the contributions paid in 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
Bank levy 
The Bank Tax Act (Wet Bankenbelasting) entered into force on 1 October 2012. Expenses relating to the 
bank levy are not deductible for corporate tax purposes. As a result, the effective tax burden exceeds the 
nominal tax burden. BNG Bank is due to pay the bank levy on 1 October of every year. In that month, the 
amount paid is charged to the result as a lump sum. The amount payable for 2020 was €34 million (2019: 
€30 million).  
Results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 
Interest result 
Interest result increased to €477 million in 2020 in versus €435 million in 2019. The favourable rates for 
new long-term borrowings by BNG Bank, in particular the TLTRO provided by the ECB, had a positive 
impact on the result in 2020.  
Interest revenue 
The table below shows interest revenue for the years 2020 and 2019.  
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions) 
Interest revenue calculated by using the effective interest method:
- Financial assets at amortised cost ..................................................
2,054
2,149
- Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
113
143
- Derivatives involved in hedge accounting .....................................
2,276
2,561
- Negative interest expenses on financial liabilities .........................
71
36
4,514 
4,889

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Other interest revenue:
- Financial assets designated at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................................
34 
42 
- Financial assets mandatorily at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................................
3 
3 
- Derivatives not involved in hedge accounting...............................
325
589
- Other ..............................................................................................  
- 
- 
362 
634 
Total interest revenue ....................................................................  
4,876 
5,523 
Total interest revenue slightly decreased from €5,523 million in 2019 to €4,876 million in 2020, a decrease 
of €647 million, or 12%. The decrease was primarily the result of persistently low interest rates. 
Interest expenses 
The table below shows interest expenses for the years 2020 and 2019.  
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions) 
Interest expenses calculated by using the effective interest method:
- Financial liabilities at amortised cost.............................................
1,893
2,416
- Derivatives involved in hedge accounting .....................................
2,291
2,429
- Negative interest expenses on financial assets...............................
129
149
4,313 
4,994 
Other interest expenses:
- Financial liabilities designated at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................................
30 
31 
- Derivatives not involved in hedge accounting...............................
48
58
- Other ..............................................................................................  
8 
5 
Total interest expenses ...................................................................  
4,399 
5,088 
Total interest expenses slightly decreased from €5,088 million in 2019 to €4,399 million in 2020, a decrease 
of €689 million, or 14%. This decrease was mainly due to the continuation of persistently low interest rates 
in 2020. 
Commission result 
Commission result was €25 million in 2020 and €30 million in 2019. Commission result decreased by €5 
million mainly due to the decline of lending subject to solvency requirements. This lending activity provides 
the commission income.  
Commission income was €29 million in 2020, compared to €32 million in 2019. Commission income from 
the lending business decreased by €4 million (€19 million in 2020, compared to €23 million in 2019). 
Commission income from payment services increased in 2020 to €10 million compared to €9 million in 
2019. 
Commission expense increased in 2020 to €4 million compared to €2 million in 2019. This increase was 
mainly due to services rendered by third parties in relation to loans, credit facilities and payment services. 
Result on financial transactions 
The table below sets out the realised and unrealised fair value movements of various financial transactions 
recorded on the income statement as financial transactions for 2020 and 2019.  
Year ended 31 December

--- Page 189 ---
189 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions) 
Market value changes in financial assets at fair value through the 
income statement resulting from changes in credit and liquidity 
spreads, consisting of: 
Interest-bearing securities.................................................................
(24)
29
Structured loans ................................................................................  
(4) 
0 
(28)
29
Result on hedge accounting 
Portfolio fair value hedge accounting...............................................
(9)
(28)
Micro fair value hedge accounting...................................................
2
38
Micro cash flow hedge accounting ...................................................  
(3) 
(2) 
(10) 
8 
Changes in counterparty credit risk on derivatives (CVA/DVA).....
(3)
(10)
Realised sales and buyout results .....................................................
39
21
Other market value changes .............................................................  
(15) 
(11) 
Total result on financial transactions ...........................................  
(17) 
37 
Result on financial transactions was a net loss of €17 million in 2020, compared to a net gain of €37 million 
in 2019, a decrease of €54 million. The net loss of €17 million mainly resulted from the COVID-19 
pandemic.  
In 2020, BNG Bank recorded €39 million in realised sales and buyout results (2019: €21 million), which 
represents profits on sales of interest-bearing securities on BNG Bank's initiative.  
The result on hedge accounting attributable to portfolio fair value hedge accounting amounted to €10 
million negative in 2020 (2019: €8 million positive). Although hedge accounting resulted in a decrease €18 
million, effectiveness of the portfolio and micro fair value hedge accounting relationships overall performed 
better in 2020. The result on hedge accounting attributable to micro fair value hedge accounting amounted 
to €2 million positive in 2020 (2019: €38 million positive). The principal cause of the €36 million decrease 
was a result of more effective hedge accounting relationships. The result on hedge accounting attributable 
to micro cash flow hedge accounting amounted to €3 million negative in 2020 (2019: €2 million negative).  
The other market value changes relate to financial assets which had a loss of €15 million in 2020, compared 
with a loss of €11 million in 2019, mainly caused by movements in the USD/EUR and EUR/GBP 
cross-currency basis in the derivatives not involved in a hedge accounting relationship.   
The bulk of the interest rate risk and cross-currency basis risk to which BNG Bank is exposed in relation 
to its financial assets or liabilities is customarily hedged through the use of financial instruments. In market 
value terms, value movements resulting from interest rate fluctuations and cross-currency basis spreads are 
offset through the use of derivatives, although there may be significant movements in the individual assets, 
liabilities and derivatives from year to year. BNG Bank only uses derivatives as a hedging instrument and 
these are stated at fair value in the balance sheet. Although BNG Bank's hedge accounting is believed to be 
highly effective, market conditions in recent years have created levels of volatility in BNG Bank's results 
that are unusually high. Positive and negative results from hedge accounting should generally cancel each 
other out in the longer term.  
Other results 
Other results comprised income from consultancy services of BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V., which 
remained constant at €1 million in 2020.  
Staff costs and other administrative expenses 
Staff costs and other administrative expenses increased to €49 million in 2020 from €41 million in 2019, 
primarily due to an increase in other staff costs associated with temporary external staff used to fill 
vacancies and the addition to the personnel provision.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
The table below sets out a breakdown of staff costs for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019.  
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions) 
Wages and salaries ...........................................................................
29
28
Pension costs ....................................................................................
5
5
Social security costs .........................................................................
3
3
Additions to the employee benefits provision..................................
0
0
Other staff costs ................................................................................  
12 
5 
Total staff costs ............................................................................... 
49 
41 
Wages and salaries increased to €29 million in 2020 from €28 million in 2019 partially due to the expansion 
of the formation. 
Other administrative expenses increased to €46 million in 2020 from €37 million in 2019 primarily due to 
increased IT and equipment costs associated with personnel working from home and consultancy costs to 
improve the credit process and adjustment of the credit strategy.  
Impairments 
Net impairments losses on financial assets of negative €16 million and negative €153 million were 
recognised in 2020 and 2019, respectively. The €16 million negative impairment for the year ended 31 
December 2020 reflects an increase in the probability of default as a result of a deteriorated economic 
outlook. Impairments on four associates and joint ventures (relating to BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V.) 
amounted to €1 million (2019: €10 million) and reversal of impairments on an associate and joint venture 
amounted to €0 million in 2020 (2019: €3 million). The reversal is primarily a consequence of 
renegotiations with other associates and joint ventures relating to restructuring and the improved market 
conditions. Those associates and joint ventures are valued as a going concern. For a discussion of the 2019 
impairment, please see the discussion in the section“ Results of operations for 2019 compared 2018 - 
Impairments”.
Contribution to resolution fund 
Expenses relating to the resolution fund as required under the BRRD and SRM Regulation are deductible 
for corporate income tax purposes. The full amount payable is charged to the result in the month of payment. 
The €8 million payable for 2020 (2019: €8 million) was paid as a lump sum in June 2020 and was charged 
to the income statement. For 2021, BNG expects a significantly lower contribution of €1.5 million due to 
expected refunds of €1.1 million  and €7.7 million following the opportunity to adjust its statement for the 
contributions paid in 2015 and 2016 respectively.  
Bank levy 
The Bank Tax Act (Wet Bankenbelasting) took effect on 1 October 2012. Banks have to pay a lump-sum 
bank levy on 1 October of every year, which for 2020 amounted to a non-deductible amount of €34 million 
(2019: €30 million). Based on the methodology and assumptions laid down in the Act, the bank levy owed 
for 2020 is expected to be around €54 million.  
Profit before tax 
Profit before tax increased from €227 million in 2019 to €332 million in 2020, an increase of €105 million. 
The increase was primarily the result of the decrease in impairments in 2020, as compared to 2019. BNG 
Bank's cost to income ratio (total operating expenses as a percentage of total income) increased from 16% 
in 2019 to 20% in 2020.  
Taxes

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Tax expenses increased from €64 million in 2019 to €111 million in 2020, an increase of €47 million, or 
73%. The increase was primarily the result of the increase in profit before tax. In 2020, the tax paid at the 
effective tax rate of 33.4% (2019: 27.6%) was greater than the nominal tax rate of 25.0%.  
Net profit 
As a result of the foregoing, net profit increased from €163 million in 2019 to €221 million in 2020, an 
increase of €58 million, or 36%. The increase was mainly attributable to the decrease in impairments in 
2020 as compared to 2019. 
Results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 
Interest result 
Interest result remained largely the same at €435 million in 2019 in versus €434 million in 2018. The 
favourable rates for new long-term borrowings had a positive impact on the result in 2019.  
Interest revenue 
The table below shows interest revenue for the years 2019 and 2018.  
Year ended 31 December 
2019 
2018 
(€ millions) 
Interest revenue calculated by using the effective interest method:
- Financial assets at amortised cost ..................................................
2,149
2,255
- Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
143
182
- Derivatives involved in hedge accounting .....................................
2,561
2,673
- Negative interest expenses on financial liabilities .........................
36
44
4,889 
5,154 
Other interest revenue:
- Financial assets designated at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................................
42 
47 
- Financial assets mandatorily at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................................
3 
3 
- Derivatives not involved in hedge accounting...............................
589
516
- Other ..............................................................................................  
- 
- 
634 
566 
Total interest revenue ....................................................................  
5,523 
5,720 
Total interest revenue slightly decreased from €5,720 million in 2018 to €5,523 million in 2019, a decrease 
of €197 million, or 3%. The decrease was primarily the result of persistently low interest rates.  
Interest expenses 
The table below shows interest expenses for the years 2019 and 2018.  
Year ended 31 December 
2019 
2018 
(€ millions) 
Interest expenses calculated by using the effective interest method:
- Financial liabilities at amortised cost.............................................
2,416
2,370
- Derivatives involved in hedge accounting .....................................
2,429
2,705
- Negative interest expenses on financial assets...............................
149
104
4,994 
5,179 
Other interest expenses:

--- Page 192 ---
192 
- Financial liabilities designated at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................................
31 
64 
- Derivatives not involved in hedge accounting...............................
58
36
- Other ..............................................................................................  
5 
7 
Total interest expenses ...................................................................  
5,088 
5,286 
Total interest expenses slightly decreased from €5,286 million in 2018 to €5,088 million in 2019, a decrease 
of €198 million, or 4%. This decrease was mainly due to the continuation of persistently low interest rates 
in 2019. 
Commission result 
Commission result was €30 million in 2019 and €28 million in 2018. Commission result increased by €2 
million mainly due to the increase in fees received for providing liquid securities to other parties. 
Commission income was €32 million in 2019, compared to €30 million in 2018. Commission income from 
the lending business increased by €2 million (€23 million in 2019, compared to €21 million in 2018). 
Commission income from payment services was unchanged in 2019 at €9 million when compared to 2018. 
Commission expense was unchanged in 2019 at €2 million when compared to 2018.  
Result on financial transactions 
The table below sets out the realised and unrealised fair value movements of various financial transactions 
recorded on the income statement as financial transactions for 2019 and 2018.  
Year ended 31 December 
2019 
2018 
(€ millions) 
Market value changes in financial assets at fair value through the 
income statement resulting from changes in credit and liquidity 
spreads, consisting of: 
Interest-bearing securities.................................................................
29
11
Structured loans ................................................................................  
0 
(2) 
29
9
Result on hedge accounting 
Portfolio fair value hedge accounting...............................................
(28)
18
Micro fair value hedge accounting...................................................
38
(2)
Micro cash flow hedge accounting ...................................................  
(2) 
(2) 
8 
14 
Changes in counterparty credit risk on derivatives (CVA/DVA).....
(10)
12
Realised sales and buyout results .....................................................
21
36
Other market value changes .............................................................  
(11) 
40 
Total result on financial transactions ...........................................  
37 
111 
Result on financial transactions was a net gain of €37 million in 2019, compared to a net gain of €111 
million in 2018, a decrease in net gain of €74 million. The net gain of €37 million mainly resulted from low 
interest rates and spreads resulting from the ECB's monetary policy.  
In 2019, BNG Bank recorded €21 million in realised sales and buyout results (2018: €36 million), which 
represents profits on sales of interest-bearing securities on BNG Bank's initiative.  
The result on hedge accounting attributable to portfolio fair value hedge accounting amounted to €28 
million negative in 2019 (2018: €18 million positive). The principal cause of the €46 million decrease was 
due to the amortisation potential as a result of ineffective hedge accounting relationships in the past. The 
result on hedge accounting attributable to micro fair value hedge accounting amounted to €38 million

--- Page 193 ---
193 
positive in 2019 (2018: €2 million negative). The principal cause of the €40 million increase was a result 
of ineffective hedge accounting relationships. The result on hedge accounting attributable to micro cash 
flow hedge accounting amounted to €2 million negative in 2019 (2018: €2 million negative).  
The other market value changes relate to financial assets which had a loss of €11 million in 2019, compared 
with a gain of €40 million in 2018, mainly caused by movements in the USD/EUR and EUR/GBP cross-
currency basis in the derivatives not involved in a hedge accounting relationship.  
The bulk of the interest rate risk and cross-currency basis risk to which BNG Bank is exposed in relation 
to its financial assets or liabilities is customarily hedged through the use of financial instruments. In market 
value terms, value movements resulting from interest rate fluctuations and cross-currency basis spreads are 
offset through the use of derivatives, although there may be significant movements in the individual assets, 
liabilities and derivatives from year to year. BNG Bank only uses derivatives as a hedging instrument and 
these are stated at fair value in the balance sheet. Although BNG Bank's hedge accounting is believed to be 
highly effective, market conditions in recent years have created levels of volatility in BNG Bank's results 
that are unusually high. Positive and negative results from hedge accounting should generally cancel each 
other out in the longer term.  
Other results 
Other results comprised income from consultancy services of BNG Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V., which 
decreased to €1 million in 2019 (2018: €2 million).  
Staff costs and other administrative expenses 
Staff costs and other administrative expenses increased to €78 million in 2019 from €73 million in 2018, 
primarily as a result of increased external appointments and advisory costs.  
The table below sets out a breakdown of staff costs for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2018.  
Year ended 31 December 
2019 
2018 
(€ millions) 
Wages and salaries ...........................................................................
28
27
Pension costs ....................................................................................
5
4
Social security costs .........................................................................
3
3
Additions to the employee benefits provision..................................
0
0
Other staff costs ................................................................................  
5 
6 
Total staff costs ............................................................................... 
41 
40 
Staff costs increased to €41 million in 2019 from €40 million in 2018.  
Other administrative expenses increased to €37 million in 2019 from €33 million in 2018.  
Impairments 
Net impairment losses on financial assets of negative €153 million and positive €2 million were recognised 
in 2019 and 2018, respectively. The €153 million negative impairment for the year ended 31 December 
2019 reflects provisions taken in response to the decreased creditworthiness of an obligor that provides 
services to municipalities. Impairments on four associates and joint ventures (relating to BNG 
Gebiedsontwikkeling B.V.) amounted to €10 million (2018: €5 million) and impairments on two associates 
and joint ventures were reversed for a total of €3 million in 2019 (2018: €1 million). The reversal is 
primarily a consequence of renegotiations with other associates and joint ventures relating to restructuring 
and the improved market conditions.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
In 2019, BNG Bank incurred, compared to prior years, a large impairment due to changes in credit risk. In 
view of the development of a number of non-performing and/or defaulted individual loans and advances, 
BNG Bank's movement in the allowance for expected credit losses was €148 million positive (2018: €9 
million negative). 
Contribution to resolution fund 
Expenses relating to the resolution fund as required under the BRRD and SRM Regulation are deductible 
for corporate income tax purposes. The full amount payable is charged to the result in the month of payment. 
The €8 million payable for 2019 (2018: €12 million) was paid as a lump sum in June 2019 and was charged 
to the income statement.  
Bank levy 
The Bank Tax Act (Wet Bankenbelasting) took effect on 1 October 2012. Banks have to pay a lump-sum 
bank levy on 1 October of every year, which for 2019 amounted to a non-deductible amount of €30 million 
(2018: €31 million). Based on the methodology and assumptions laid down in the Act, the bank levy owed 
for 2019 is expected to be around €34 million.  
Profit before tax 
Profit before tax decreased from €459 million in 2018 to €227 million in 2019, a decrease of €232 million. 
The decrease was due to the factors described above. BNG Bank's cost to income ratio (total operating 
expenses as a percentage of total income) increased from 13% in 2018 to 16% in 2019.  
Taxes 
Tax expenses decreased from €122 million in 2018 to €64 million in 2019, a decrease of €58 million, or 
48%. The decrease was primarily the result of the decrease in profit before tax. In 2019, the tax paid at the 
effective tax rate of 28.2% (2018: 26.6%) was greater than the nominal tax rate of 25.0%.  
Net profit 
As a result of the foregoing, net profit decreased from €337 million in 2018 to €163 million in 2019, a 
decline of €174 million, or 52%. The decrease was mainly attributable to increased impairments in respect 
of a single large obligor. 
Selected Balance Sheet Items for 2020, 2019 and 2018  
The table below summarises selected balance sheet items of BNG Bank as of 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018:  
2020 
2019 
2018
(IFRS 9) 
(IFRS 9) 
(IFRS 9) 
(€ millions) 
Assets 
Cash 
and 
balances 
with 
the 
central 
banks
............................................................................................
2,312 
1,272 
1,587 
Amounts 
due 
from 
banks
............................................................................................
120 
66 
82 
Cash 
collateral 
posted
............................................................................................
20,361 
14,643 
12,043 
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement
............................................................................................
1,452 
1,746 
1,606

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Derivatives
............................................................................................
8,540 
10,004 
8,390 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
............................................................................................
9,738 
9,222 
9,648 
Interest 
bearing 
securities 
at 
amortised 
cost
............................................................................................
7,880 
7,764 
7,406 
Loans 
and 
advances 
at 
amortised 
costs
............................................................................................
88,942 
88,279 
85,034 
Value adjustments on loans in portfolio hedge accounting
............................................................................................
20,816 
16,462 
11,566 
Associates 
and 
joint 
ventures
............................................................................................
31 
35 
44 
Property 
& 
equipment
............................................................................................
17 
18 
17 
Current 
tax 
assets
............................................................................................
1 
30 
7 
Other 
assets
............................................................................................
149 
130 
79 
Total assets 
160,359 
149,689 
137,509 
Liabilities 
Amounts 
due 
to 
banks
............................................................................................
12,221 
1,933 
2,383 
Cash 
collateral 
received
............................................................................................
858 
1,137 
419 
Financial liabilities at fair value through the income 
statement
656 
674 
762 
Derivatives
............................................................................................
26,965 
22,651 
19,223 
Debt 
securities
............................................................................................
108,615 
112,661 
103,722 
Funds 
entrusted
............................................................................................
5,599 
5,575 
5,800 
Subordinated 
debts
............................................................................................
35 
33 
32 
Deferred 
tax 
liabilities
............................................................................................
98 
78 
99 
Other 
liabilities
............................................................................................
215 
60 
78 
Total 
liabilities
 ............................................................................................  
155,262 
144,802 
132,518 
General 
Loans and advances increased by €1 billion in 2020 to €89 billion from €88 billion in 2019, primarily due 
to the growth in long-term loans. Because of the slight decrease in long-term interest rates, the value of 
derivatives transactions in absolute terms in 2020 decreased as compared to 2019. The effects thereof on 
the balance sheet are primarily reflected in a decrease in the negative net derivative position (due to the 
decrease in the value of derivative transactions for hedging currency and interest rate risks). As almost all 
derivatives are collateralised on a daily basis, the net position was stable at €858 million in 2020 when 
compared to 2019. 
See also "Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations – Lending" and "Principal Factors Affecting 
Results of Operations – Funding". 
Assets

--- Page 196 ---
196 
In 2020, BNG Bank's total assets increased by €10.7 billion to €160.4 billion compared to €149.7 billion in 
2019. The increase was largely attributable to an increase in value adjustments on loans in portfolio hedge 
accounting and an increase in cash collateral posted. 
Cash and balances with the central banks, amounts due from banks and loans and advances 
Cash and balances with the central banks comprises all legal tender as well as cash balances and deposits 
held with the Dutch Central Bank and the ECB. Amounts due from banks includes all receivables from 
banks measured at amortised cost. The Loans and advances item includes short-term and long-term loans 
to clients insofar as they pass the SPPI test, as well as current account debt balances held by clients. In 
addition, Assets in the Amounts due from banks and Loans and advances are measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method.  
2020 compared to 2019 
Cash and balances with the central banks increased by €1 billion to €2.3 billion in 2020 from €1.3 billion 
in 2019.  
Amounts due from banks increased by €54 million to €120 million in 2020, compared to €66 million in 
2019.  
Cash collateral posted increased by €5.8 billion to €20.4 billion in 2020 from €14.6 billion in 2019.  
Loans and advances at amortised cost increased by €663 million to €88.9 billion in 2020, compared to €88.3 
billion in 2019. This increase was mainly due to growth in long-term loans.  
New long-term lending to client groups decreased by €2.3 billion to €11.7 billion in 2020. The total long-
term lending portfolio to clients based on principal amounts rose by €1.8 billion to €86.0 billion in 2020 
primarily due to the increase in long-term lending to housing associations. The average volume of short-
term lending to clients was stable at €4.2 billion in 2020 (2019: €4.2 billion).  
Total lending subject to solvency requirements (including financing for projects in public-private 
partnerships) rose by €0.2 billion to €8.5 billion in 2020.  
2019 compared to 2018 
Cash and balances with the central banks decreased by €0.3 billion to €1.3 billion in 2019 from €1.6 billion 
in 2018.  
Amounts due from banks decreased by €16 million to €66 million in 2019, compared to €82 million in 
2018.  
Cash collateral posted increased by €2.6 billion to €14.6 billion in 2019 from €12.0 billion in 2018.  
Loans and advances at amortised cost increased by €3 billion to €88 billion in 2019, compared to €85 billion 
in 2018. This increase was mainly due to growth in long-term loans.  
New long-term lending to client groups increased by €2.4 billion to €14.0 billion in 2019. The total long-
term lending portfolio to clients based on principal amounts rose by €2.6 billion to €84.2 billion in 2019 
primarily due to the increase in long-term lending in the municipal and provincial authorities and the 
healthcare sector. The average volume of short-term lending to clients remained stable at €4.2 billion in 
2019 (2018: €4.2 billion), primarily as a result of low interest rates.  
Total lending subject to solvency requirements (including financing for projects in public-private 
partnerships) rose by €0.8 billion to €8.3 billion in 2019.
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement

--- Page 197 ---
197 
This item includes financial assets specifically designated as at fair value with changes in fair value 
recognised in the income statement. 
2020 compared to 2019 
Financial assets at fair value decreased slightly by €17 million to €538 million in 2020 from €555 million 
in 2019, and interest-bearing securities at fair value decreased by €248 million in 2020 to €825 million from 
€1,073 million in 2019. The increase in loans and advances at fair value and of interest-bearing assets at 
fair value was primarily attributable to higher credit and liquidity risk spreads (caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic). The total redemption value of the loans and advances and interest bearing securities at 31 
December 2020 was €939 million (2019: €1,122 million). 
2019 compared to 2018 
Financial assets at fair value increased slightly by €32 million to €555 million in 2019 from €523 million 
in 2018, and interest-bearing securities at fair value increased by €126 million in 2019 to €1,073 million 
from €947 million in 2018. The increase in loans and advances at fair value and of interest-bearing assets 
at fair value was primarily attributable to the reduced credit and liquidity risk spreads. The total redemption 
value of the loans and advances and interest bearing securities at 31 December 2019 was €1,122 million 
(2018: €1,114 million). 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
This item includes interest-bearing securities that are held with the hold to collect and sell business model 
and for which BNG Bank has not used the fair value option.  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by €0.5 billion to €9.7 billion 
in 2020 compared to €9.2 billion in 2019. This increase was primarily attributed to the slight raise in the 
portfolio. At year-end 2020, BNG Bank had transferred €222 million of financial assets in repurchase 
transactions without derecognition. 
Derivatives (Assets) 
This balance sheet item includes the positive fair value of derivatives not settled-to-market. 
2020 compared to 2019 
The positive fair value of derivatives, which are used to hedge interest rate and cross-currency basis risk, 
decreased by €1,464 million to €8,540 billion in 2020 from €10 billion in 2019, as a result of an increase 
in interest rates and the movement of the USD/EUR and EUR/GBP cross-currency basis spread. 
2019 compared to 2018 
The positive fair value of derivatives, which are used to hedge interest rate and cross-currency basis risk, 
increased by €1,614 million to €10 billion in 2019 from €8,390 million in 2018, as a result of a decrease in 
interest rates and the movement of the USD/EUR and EUR/GBP cross-currency basis spread. 
Interest-bearing securities at amortised cost 
Interest-bearing securities at amortised cost includes purchased interest-bearing securities that are held 
within the Hold-to-Collect business model and for which BNG Bank has not used the fair value option. 
2020 compared to 2019 
Interest bearing securities at amortised cost increased remained relatively unchanged at €7.9 billion in 2020, 
compared to €7.8 billion in 2019.  
2019 compared to 2018

--- Page 198 ---
198 
Interest bearing securities at amortised cost increased by €0.4 billion to €7.8 billion in 2019, compared to 
€7.4 billion in 2018, as a result of the purchase of interest-bearing securities issued by governments, other 
financial institutions and non-financial corporations to improve the liquidity portfolio, and the slight rise in 
long-term interest rates. 
Liabilities 
In 2020, total liabilities increased by €10.5 billion to €155.3 billion compared to €144.8 billion in 2019 and 
increased by €12.3 billion to €132.5 billion when compared to 2018. The increase in 2020 was largely due 
to an increase in amounts due to banks, a decrease in debt securities and the positive fair value of 
derivatives. In 2019, the increase was largely due to the increase in debt securities and the negative fair 
value of derivatives and financial liabilities at fair value through the income statement.  
Amounts due to banks 
Amounts due to banks mainly comprises deposits and private loans. 
2020 compared to 2019 
Amounts due to banks increased by €10.3 billion to €12.2 billion in 2020, compared with €1.9 billion in 
2019. The increase was primarily due to the participation in ECBs third TLTRO.  
2019 compared to 2018 
Amounts due to banks decreased by €0.5 billion to €1.9 billion in 2019, compared with €2.4 billion in 2018. 
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in deposits.  
Cash collateral received  
2020 compared to 2019 
Cash collateral received decreased by €279 million to €858 million in 2020, compared with €1,137 million 
in 2019. The decrease was primarily due to an increase of the fair value of the derivatives held by BNG 
Bank.  
2019 compared to 2018 
Cash collateral received increased by €718 million to €1,137 million in 2019, compared with €419 million 
in 2018. The increase was primarily due to a decrease of the fair value of the derivatives held by BNG 
Bank.  
Debt securities 
Debt securities includes bonds and other issued negotiable debt securities with either fixed or variable 
interest rates. Any unsold portions of issuances are deducted from the relevant bond loan. 
2020 compared to 2019 
Debt securities decreased by €4.1 billion to €108.6 billion in 2020, compared with €112.7 billion in 2019. 
Debenture loans and Euro notes decreased to €92.7 billion in 2020 from €94.4 billion in 2019. This decrease 
was primarily due to participation in ECBs TLTRO program.  
Commercial paper decreased to €7.6 billion in 2020, compared to €9.3 billion in 2019. BNG Bank uses its 
Euro Commercial Paper ("ECP") programme (maximum of €20 billion) and its US Commercial Paper 
programme (with a maximum of USD 20 billion) to raise short-term funding.  
2019 compared to 2018

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Debt securities increased by €9 billion to €112.7 billion in 2019, compared with €103.7 billion in 2018. 
Debenture loans and Euro notes increased to €94.4 billion in 2019 from €89.5 billion in 2018. This increase 
was primarily due to increased sales of bonds and other negotiable debt securities.  
Commercial paper increased to €9.3 billion in 2019, compared to €5.3 billion in 2018. BNG Bank uses its 
Euro Commercial Paper ("ECP") programme (maximum of €20 billion) and its US Commercial Paper 
programme (with a maximum of USD 15 billion) to raise short-term funding. 
Funds entrusted 
2020 compared to 2019 
The funds entrusted item remained constant at increased €5.6 billion in 2020, compared with €5.6 billion 
in 2019. 
2019 compared to 2018 
The funds entrusted item decreased by €0.2 billion to €5.6 billion in 2019, compared with €5.8 billion in 
2018, primarily as a result of an decrease in long term deposits. 
Financial liabilities at fair value through the income statement 
This item includes debt securities designated at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the 
income statement. 
2020 compared to 2019 
Publicly placed debt securities remained €0.4 billion for 2020 and 2019. Privately placed debt securities 
remained €0.3 billion for 2020 and 2019. The total redemption value of the debt securities was €0.5 billion 
for 2020 and 2019.  
2019 compared to 2018 
Publicly placed debt securities increased by €0.2 billion to €0.4 billion in 2019 compared to €0.2 billion in 
2018. Privately placed debt securities decreased by €0.3 billion between 2019 and 2018. The total 
redemption value of the debt securities was €0.5 billion (€0.6 billion in 2018). 
Derivatives 
This balance sheet item includes the negative fair value of derivatives. 
2020 compared to 2019 
The negative fair value of derivatives increased by €4,314 million to €26,965 million in 2020 from €22,651 
million in 2019. The increase in the negative fair value of derivatives was primarily the result of a decline 
in long-term interest rates.  
2019 compared to 2018 
The negative fair value of derivatives increased by €3,428 million to €22,651 million in 2019 from €19,223 
million in 2018. The increase in the negative fair value of derivatives was primarily the result of the impact 
of counterparty credit risk of derivatives and other market value changes. The other market value changes 
also include the effects of movements in the USD/EUR and EUR/GBP cross-currency basis spreads of 
derivatives not involved in a hedge accounting relationship. 
Information on financial assets

--- Page 200 ---
200 
The tables below provide information on amounts due from banks and loans and advances as at 31 
December 2020, 2019, and 2018.  
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019
2018  
(€ millions) 
Amounts 
due 
from 
banks
.........................................................................................
120
66
82
Loans 
and 
advances
.........................................................................................
88,942 
88,279 
85,034 
Total 
89,062 
88,345 
85,116 
Of which an allowance for expected credit losses is 
included 
in 
the 
loans 
and 
advances 
item
.........................................................................................
(210) 
(193)
(47)
The table below sets forth the analysis of amounts due from banks and loans and advances by remaining 
contractual term to maturity as at the dates indicated.  
As at 31 December  
2020 
2019
2018  
(€ millions) 
Amounts due from banks and loans and advances by 
remaining contractual term to maturity 
Up 
to 
three 
months
.............................................................................................
5,152
7,392
6,530
Longer than three months but not longer than one year
.............................................................................................
8,632
8,555
9,333
Longer than one year but not longer than five years
.............................................................................................
29,722
32,236
32,785
Longer 
than 
five 
years
.............................................................................................
45,556 
40,162 
36,468 
Total 
89,062 
88,345 
85,116 
The table below sets forth the movement in allowances and provisions for expected credit losses as at the 
dates indicated.  
As at 31 December 2020 
Opening 
Balance 
Increases 
due to 
origination 
and 
acquisition 
Decrease due 
to 
derecognition 
repayments 
and disposals 
Changes 
due to 
change in 
credit 
risk 
(NET) 
Decrease 
in 
allowance 
account 
due to 
write-offs 
Closing 
Balance 
(€ millions) 
Allowances 
Cash and cash balances held with central 
banks
........................................................................
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Amounts 
due 
from 
banks
........................................................................
0 
0 
0 
0 
- 
0 
Financial assets at fair value through OCI
........................................................................
1 
0 
0 
0 
- 
1 
Interest-bearing securities at amortised cost
........................................................................
6 
0 
0 
-1 
- 
5 
Loans 
and 
advances
........................................................................
193 
8 
-6 
15 
- 
210 
200 
8 
-6 
14 
- 
216 
Provision 
Off-balance 
sheet 
commitments
........................................................................
5 
2 
-5 
2 
- 
4

--- Page 201 ---
201 
The table below breaks down the financial assets carried on the balance sheet.  
2020 
2019
2018 
Balance sheet 
value 
Balance sheet 
value 
Balance sheet 
value 
(€ millions) 
Cash and balances with the central banks
..............................................................................
2,312
1,272
1,587
Amounts 
due 
from 
banks
..............................................................................
120
66
82
Cash 
collateral 
posted
..............................................................................
20,361
14,643
12,043
Financial assets at fair value through the income 
statement
..............................................................................
1,452
1,764
1,606
Derivatives
..............................................................................
8,540
10,004
8,390
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive 
income
..............................................................................
9,738
9,222
9,648
Interest bearing securities at amortised cost
..............................................................................
7,880
7,764
7,406
Loans 
and 
advances
..............................................................................
88,942
88,279
85,034
Value adjustments on loans in portfolio hedge 
accounting
..............................................................................
20,816
16,462
11,566
Associates 
and 
joint 
ventures
..............................................................................
31
35
44
Property 
& 
equipment
..............................................................................
17
18
17
Current 
tax 
assets
..............................................................................
1
30
7
Other 
assets
..............................................................................
149
130
79
Total 
160,359 
149,689 
137,509 
Interest-bearing securities portfolio 
BNG Bank's total interest-bearing securities portfolio can be subdivided into a liquidity portfolio and an 
asset and liability management ("ALM") portfolio. The tables below provide an overview of the remaining 
notional amounts of BNG Bank's liquidity portfolio and ALM portfolio as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 
analysed by credit ratings. The liquidity portfolio consists exclusively of highly negotiable securities and 
is subdivided according to the various LCR classes. The ALM portfolio is subdivided according to type of 
security. The ratings presented in the tables are based on a maximum of four credit ratings by recognised 
rating agencies (Standard & Poor's, Moody's, Fitch and/or DBRS). In the case of more than one rating for 
a security, the ratings are ordered from highest to lowest credit rating and the second rating is taken. 
As at 31 December 2020 
(€ millions) 
AAA 
AA 
A 
BBB 
Non-
invest-
ment 
grade 
Total 
Nominal 
Value 
Total 
Balance 
Sheet 
value 
Liquidity portfolio 
Level I – Government / 
Supranational......................
5,784
1,223
170
-
46
7,223
8,057

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Level I B – Covered Bonds
1,305
-
-
-
-
1,305
1,360
Level II A – Government / 
Supranational......................
-
56
-
-
-
56
108
Level II B – Corporates......
-
-
25
-
-
25
25
Level II B – RMBS ............
642
-
-
-
-
642
647
7,731
1,279
195
0
46
9,251
10,197
ALM portfolio 
Initial margin......................
405
1,008
50
-
-
1,463
1,650
RMBS.................................
213
253
92
4
20
582
582
ABS....................................
-
53
87
25
52
217
213
RMBS-NHG.......................
3,297
77
139
-
-
3,513
3,516
Other ...................................  
272
365
513
253
72
1,475
2,285
4,187
1,756
881
282
144
7,250
8,246
Total ...................................  
11,918
3,035
1,076
282
190
16,501
18,443
As at 31 December 2019 
(€ millions) 
AAA 
AA 
A 
BBB 
Non-
invest-
ment 
grade 
Total 
Nominal 
Value 
Total 
Balance 
Sheet 
value 
Liquidity portfolio 
Level I – Government / 
Supranational......................
5,351
2,204
220
135
46
7,956
9,125
Level I B – Covered Bonds
1,370
-
-
-
-
1,370
1,428
Level II A – Government / 
Supranational......................
-
59
-
-
-
59
102
Level II B – Corporates......
-
-
25
-
-
25
25
Level II B – RMBS ............
1,061
-
-
-
-
1,061
1,068
7,782
2,263
245
135
46
10,471
11,748
ALM portfolio 
RMBS.................................
20
295
127
-
23
465
463
ABS....................................
-
58
117
28
55
258
254
RMBS-NHG.......................
3,008
89
159
-
-
3,256
3,260
Other ...................................  
473
380
442
260
75
1,630
2,333
3,501
822
845
288
153
5,609
6,310
Total ...................................  
11,283
3,085
1,090
423
199
16,080
18,058
As at 31 December 2020, over 97.1% of the securities portfolio had ratings of A or better (over 96.1% in 
2019) with over 72% of the securities portfolio carrying ratings of AAA (over 70% in 2019) and 18% 
carrying ratings of AA (over 19% in 2019).  
Long-term foreign exposure 
BNG Bank's loan portfolio is strongly focused on the Netherlands. Improving geographic diversification is 
a reason for BNG Bank to consciously seek to include foreign securities in its liquidity portfolio. With 
respect to interest-bearing securities and the lending of credits, BNG Bank exclusively deals with countries 
within the EU and has set an overall limit on long-term exposures in foreign countries of 15% of its balance 
sheet total. BNG Bank also applies limits for individual countries, which are partly determined on the basis 
of country credit ratings. In many cases, such foreign credit lending is directly or indirectly guaranteed by 
the relevant governments. BNG Bank is gradually reducing its exposure in Eurozone countries with 
deteriorating creditworthiness. This is mainly done by ensuring that existing exposures are not replaced by 
new ones once they have expired. At the end of 2020, BNG Bank's long-term foreign exposure (expressed 
in balance sheet value) totalled €10.6 billion (2019: €9.9 billion).

--- Page 203 ---
203 
The following tables provide an overview of foreign long-term exposures in BNG Bank's liquidity portfolio 
as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 analysed by credit ratings. Derivative transactions and short-term 
transactions (including in particular cash collateral with banks) have not been included. 
The ratings presented in the tables are based on a maximum of four credit ratings by recognised rating 
agencies (Standard & Poor's, Moody's, Fitch and/or DBRS). In the case of more than one rating for a 
security, the ratings are ordered from highest to lowest credit rating and the second rating is taken. 
As at 31 December 2020
(€ millions) 
AAA 
AA 
A 
BBB 
Non-
invest-
ment 
grade 
Total 
Nominal 
Value 
Total 
Balance 
Sheet 
value 
Supranational institutions
............................................
1,240
149
-
-
-
1,389
1,417
Multilateral development 
banks
............................................
125
-
-
-
-
125
144
Austria
............................................
-
501
-
-
-
501
539
Belgium
............................................
-
273
78
131
-
482
663
Denmark
............................................
40
-
-
-
-
40
40
Finland
............................................
-
548
-
-
-
548
567
France
............................................
605
801
92
5
-
1,503
1,811
Germany
............................................
1,668
30
17
-
-
1,715
1,978
Italy
............................................
-
13
17
-
54
84
81
Luxembourg
............................................
215
-
-
-
-
215
218
Portugal
............................................
-
-
48
50
100
198
199
Spain
............................................
61
240
272
4
66
643
745
United Kingdom
............................................
409
364
283
249
50
1,355
2,154
United States
............................................
20
-
-
-
-
20
22
Total
 ............................................
4,383
2,919
807
439
270
8,818
10,578
As at 31 December 2019
(€ millions) 
AAA 
AA 
A 
BBB 
Non-
invest-
ment 
grade 
Total 
Nominal 
Value 
Total 
Balance 
Sheet 
value 
Supranational institutions...
269
204
-
-
-
473
493
Multilateral development 
banks ..................................
405
-
-
-
-
405
434
Austria................................
-
471
-
-
-
471
521
Belgium..............................
-
281
-
136
-
417
595
Denmark.............................
90
-
-
-
-
90
91
Finland ...............................
-
486
-
-
-
486
543

--- Page 204 ---
204 
France.................................
496
806
100
5
-
1,407
1,678
Germany.............................
1,453
30
54
-
-
1,537
1,815
Italy ....................................
-
19
18
135
60
232
234
Portugal ..............................
-
54
50
100
204
209
Spain...................................
65
276
319
-
69
729
830
Switzerland.........................
-
-
90
-
-
90
102
United Kingdom.................
609
380
301
261
54
1,605
2,291
United States ...................... 
22
-
-
-
-
22
23
Total ...................................  
3,409
2,953
936
587
283
8,168
9,859
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
Cash flow analysis for BNG Bank for 2020, 2019 and 2018 
The following table sets out selected cash flow information for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018.  
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018  
(€ millions) 
Total 
cash 
flow 
from 
operating 
activities
............................................................................................
2,852
(5,412)
3,255
Total 
cash 
flow 
from 
investing 
activities
............................................................................................
(154)
224
(1,320)
Total 
cash 
flow 
from 
financing 
activities
............................................................................................
(1,659) 
4,873 
(3,343) 
Net movement in cash and cash equivalents
 ............................................................................................ 
1,039 
(315) 
(1,408) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
BNG Bank's total cash flow from operating activities was a cash inflow of €2,852 million in 2020, 
compared with a cash outflow of €5,412 million in 2019 and cash inflow of €3,255 million in 2018.  
The change in 2020 was primarily due to a cash inflow in respect of movements in amounts due from and 
due to banks (inflows of €10.5 billion in 2020, compared to outflows of €532 million in 2019), movements 
in cash outflows from changes in loans and advances (outflows of €628 million in 2020, compared to 
outflows of €3.4 billion in 2019) and movements in cash outflows from changes in derivates (outflow of 
€1.4 billion in 2020, compared to an inflow of €626 million in 2019). 
The change in 2019 was primarily due to a cash outflow in respect of movements in cash collateral posted 
and received (outflows of €1.9 billion in 2019, compared to inflows of €1.9 billion in 2018), movements in 
cash outflows from changes in loans and advances (outflows of €3.4 billion in 2019, compared to outflows 
of €181 million in 2018) and movements in cash outflows from changes in derivates (inflow of €626 million 
in 2019, compared to an inflow of €1,323 million in 2018). 
Cash flow from investing activities 
Cash flows from investing activities were outflows of €154 million in 2020, compared with inflows of €224 
million in 2019 and outflows of €1,320 million in 2018. Cash flows from investing activities in 2020 mainly 
reflect the cash outflows related to acquisitions and investments pertaining to financial assets and interest 
securities purchases and the cash inflows related to disposals and redemptions pertaining to financial assets. 
Cash flows from investing activities in 2019 mainly reflect the cash inflows related to disposals and 
redemptions pertaining to financial assets and interest securities purchases. 
Cash flow from financing activities

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Cash flows from financing activities were outflows of €1,659 million in 2020, inflows of €4,873 million in 
2019 and outflows of €3,343 million in 2018. Net borrowings in 2020 reflected cash outflows of €1.6 billion 
(repayments of debt securities exceeding receipts of debt securities). Net borrowings in 2019 reflected cash 
inflows of €5 billion (receipts of debt securities exceeding repayments of debt securities). 
BNG Bank did not pay a dividend to shareholders in 2020. Following a strong recommendation from the 
European Central Bank in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic, BNG decided to postpone the planned 
payment of the 2019 dividend due in 2020 to March 2021. BNG paid a dividend of 159 million and €141 
million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. In 2020, BNG Bank paid dividends of €25 million to holders of 
hybrid capital. 
External sources of funding, financing and indebtedness 
Following a period of relative stability, financial markets have experienced higher volatility since the last 
quarter of 2014 which continued through 2019 and into 2020. During periods of volatility, BNG Bank has 
benefited from its low risk profile and has always been able to access the capital markets. See also 
"Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations – Funding". 
BNG Bank obtained long-term funding for its lending and refinancing purposes in 2020 of €15.1 billion 
(2019: €17.8 billion; 2018: €18.1 billion) by means of 85 issues (2019: 112 issues; 2018: 102 issues). The 
amount of long-term funding in 2020 met BNG Bank's expectations. In addition, BNG Bank focused on 
attracting long-term funding and reducing the use of its (short-term) ECP programme for obtaining funding 
for its lending and refinancing purposes. In line with the relatively short maturities of new long-term 
lending, the weighted average maturity of the issues increased by 1. years to 8.9 years in 2020 from 7.5 
years in 2019 (2018: 7.1 years). In 2020, BNG Bank issued in five different currencies and in 2019 and 
2018 BNG Bank issued in six and seven different currencies, respectively.  
BNG Bank's long-term funding is almost entirely carried out through the issuance of bonds under this 
Programme with €100 billion (or the equivalent in other currencies) available to be issued under this 
Programme. At 31 December 2020, the equivalent of €89.8 billion had been issued under this Programme. 
BNG Bank's funding policy is designed to provide it with flexibility to respond to investor demand. This 
approach seeks to strengthen relations with investors and enable BNG Bank to attract funding on 
competitive terms. BNG Bank raises funding in several currencies, with the terms and conditions tailored 
to the needs of both institutional and private investors. In addition to this Programme, BNG Bank has a 
Kangaroo Medium Term Note Programme for issuing up to AUD 10 billion denominated in Australian and 
New Zealand dollars and a Samurai shelf registration and an Uridashi shelf registration specifically 
designed for Japanese investors. At 31 December 2020, AUD 7.9 billion had been issued under this 
Kangaroo Medium Term Note Programme. The currency and interest risks of bonds are fully hedged.  
In 2020, BNG Bank issued one new 'Socially Responsible Investment' bonds, the proceeds of which are 
used solely for the balance-sheet financing of the Dutch municipalities that have achieved the best scores 
in their category for sustainability and social policy. The loan enabled BNG Bank to raise USD 1 billion in 
the capital markets. As per 31 December 2020 BNG Bank issued 10 SRI bonds in total. BNG Bank also 
issued in 2020 its fifth  'Social Housing Bond', which enabled BNG Bank to raise EUR 1 billion. The net 
proceeds of the bond were used to finance loans to the 'best-in-class' housing associations mentioned in a 
framework developed at BNG Bank's request by Telos, the institute for sustainable development of Tilburg 
University; the framework was in turn based on the United Nations' sustainable development goals. In view 
of the interest shown by international investors for this form of financing, BNG Bank expects to issue 
further sustainable bonds in 2021. 
The following table sets out certain details of BNG Bank's funding for each of the last three years.  
2020 
2019 
2018 
Volume (€ billions) .........................................................
15.1
17.5
18.1
Average duration (years).................................................
8.9
7.5
7.2
Number of trades.............................................................
8.5
112
102
Percentage of volume by currency
EUR...........................................................................
61.5%
46.8%
51.3%
USD...................................................................... ….
27.0%
42.5%
35.5%

--- Page 206 ---
206 
GBP ...........................................................................
6.4%
4.0%
6.6%
JPY ...........................................................................
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
CHF ...........................................................................
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
Kangaroo AUD..........................................................
0.0%
5.7%
5.5%
Other AUD ................................................................
0.0%
0.5%
0.2%
Kauri NZD.................................................................
0.0%
0.2%
0.0%
Other NZD.................................................................
0.0%
0.2%
0.0%
Maple CAD ...............................................................
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
Other CAD.................................................................
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
HKD ..........................................................................
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
Nordic fx....................................................................
0.9%
0.4%
1.1%
Emerging fx...............................................................
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
Other..........................................................................
0.0%
0.0%
0.3%
Number of currencies......................................................
5
6
7
Plain Vanilla....................................................................
99.3%
98.8%
92.9%
Structured........................................................................
0.7%
1.2%
3.7%
Public ..............................................................................
100.0%
99.7%
97.8%
Private .............................................................................
0.0%
0.3%
2.2%
New issues.......................................................................
77.6%
71.4%
76.4%
Taps.................................................................................
28.8%
28.6%
23.6%
Benchmarks.....................................................................
77.3%
77.8%
71.1%
Other................................................................................
22.6%
22.2%
28.9%
Each year, BNG Bank issues a number of benchmark loans so that BNG Bank yield curves in Euros and 
U.S. dollars that continue to be available to institutional investors. In 2020, BNG Bank issued seven 
benchmark loans in Euros and U.S. dollars with amounts ranging from 1 billion to 2 billion. In 2019, BNG 
Bank issued six benchmark loans in Euros and U.S. dollars with amounts ranging from 600 million to 3 
billion. In 2018, BNG Bank issued eight benchmark loans in Euros and U.S. dollars with amounts ranging 
from 1 billion to 2 billion.  
The Euro equivalent of the total amount of issued benchmark loans (including taps of benchmark loans) in 
2020 was €11.7 billion (€13.6 billion in 2019 and €12.9 billion in 2018). The share of bonds denominated 
in U.S. dollars decreased in 2020 to 27.0% (42.5% in 2019 and 35.5% in 2018). The share of Euro-
denominated issues increased to 61.5% in 2020 (46.8% in 2019 and 53.8% in 2018).  
The following table presents BNG Bank's long-term funding by currency of issuance as at 31 December 
for each of the last three years. 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(€ billions) 
Euros
59.6
57.5
55.1
U.S. dollars
23.1
27.0
26.2
British pounds
5.1
4.1
5.4
Australian and New Zealand dollars
5.9
5.3
4.4
Swiss francs 
1.5
2.3
2.7
Japanese yen 
0.4
1.2
1.3
Other  
1.1 
1.3 
2.0 
Total (in Euros) 
96.7
98.7 
97.1 
BNG Bank also obtained funding through borrowings from banks and funds entrusted. In 2020, borrowings 
from banks increased by €10.3 billion to €12.2 billion principally as a result of the participation in the third 
TLTRO of the ECB, and in 2019 borrowings from banks decreased by €450 million to €1.9 billion 
principally as a result of a decrease in deposits. In 2020, the funds entrusted item increased by €24 million 
to €5,599 million, principally as a result of decrease in long term interest rates. In addition, during 2019, 
the funds entrusted item decreased by €225 million to €5,575 million, principally as a result of increased 
demand for depositing with BNG Bank.  
Analysis of financial liabilities according to remaining contractual terms to maturity

--- Page 207 ---
207 
The amounts shown in the table below represent all BNG Bank's non-discounted future cash flows of 
financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020. 
Up to three 
months 
Longer than 
three months 
but not 
longer than 
one year 
Longer than 
one year but 
not longer 
than five 
years 
Longer than 
five years 
Total 
Amounts due to banks
657
84
10,857
420
12,018
Cash collateral received
858
858
Financial liabilities at fair 
value through the income 
statement
27
67
195
390
679
Derivatives
923
1,701
7,196
15,660
25,480
Debt securities
14,352
9,101
48,912
42,180
114,545
Funds entrusted
3,078
1,196
695
804
5,773
Subordinated debt
1
22
22
45
Deferred tax liabilities 
Other liabilities 
188
20
208
Total liabilities 
20,084
12,169
67,877
59,476
159,606
Irrevocable facilities and encumbered assets 
Irrevocable commitments include all irrevocable commitments that may lead to the granting of loans and 
advances. The following table sets forth BNG Bank's irrevocable facilities as at 31 December 2020 and 
2019.  
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions) 
Irrevocable facilities 
Outline agreements concerning the undrawn part of credit facilities
3,405
5,230
Contracted loans and advances to be distributed in the future .........  
2,289 
1,921 
Total .................................................................................................  
5,694 
7,151 
The contracted loans and advances to be distributed in the future are granted in accordance with the 
contracts, as set forth in the table below. 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions) 
Contracted loans and advances to be distributed in the future 
Up to three months...........................................................................
494
687
Longer than three months but not longer than one year...................
370
583
Longer than one year but not longer than five years ........................
1,403
651
Over five years .................................................................................  
22 
0 
Total .................................................................................................  
2,289 
1,921 
A part of BNG Bank's financial assets is encumbered because these assets act as collateral for money market 
transactions and lending transactions. The following table shows the nominal values of collateral (extended 
debenture loans and subordinated loans) pledged to DNB for funds withdrawn, as well as securities pledged 
to other financial institutions. See for further detail "Other Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
– Encumbered financial assets and liabilities" in the 2020 financial statements incorporated by reference 
herein.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(€ millions) 
Type of Collateral 
Collateral pledged to the central banks1 ...........................................
38,628
13,709
Securities provided in derivatives transactions ................................
2,090
3,336
Cash deposited in relation to derivatives transactions ......................  
20,270 
14,649 
Total .................................................................................................  
60,988 
31,694 
1 Of the total value of loans provided as collateral to the central bank, only part has been actually used as collateral. At year-end 2020, the value of the collateral in use under the 
guarantee for clients’ collection files amounted to EUR 11, 345 million (year-ended 2019: EUR 324 million) 
Solvency and Capital 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published Basel III. Basel III is being 
implemented in the EU through the CRD IV Directive and the CRR and aims to create a sounder and safer 
financial system. The CRD IV Directive governs amongst other things the market access to banking 
activities while the CRR establishes the majority of prudential requirements institutions need to respect. 
The CRR entered into force on 1 January 2014, and has direct effect in the Netherlands. The CRD IV 
Directive was implemented in Dutch law per 1 August 2014. A number of the requirements introduced 
under CRD IV will be further supplemented through the Regulatory and Implementing Technical Standards 
(RTSs/ITSs) produced by the EBA.  
CRD IV, in implementing Basel III, is intended to increase the quality and quantity of capital, requires 
increased capital against derivative positions and introduces a capital conservation buffer, a counter-
cyclical buffer, systemic risk buffer, a new liquidity framework (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR) 
as well as a leverage ratio. The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-
term liquidity needs under a specified acute stress scenario which may not fall below 100% of the estimated 
net cash outflows for the following 30 days. The NSFR requires that banks maintain a stable funding profile 
in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet activities, i.e. that long-term assets are covered with sufficient 
stable funding. The leverage ratio is defined as Tier-1 capital divided by a measure of non-risk weighted 
assets (including specific off-balance sheet items).  
In May 2019, a further package of reforms to CRD IV, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation was adopted in 
the form of the EU Banking Reforms, including measures to increase the resilience of EU institutions and 
enhance financial stability. 
As described above under "Risk Factors - BNG Bank is subject to substantial regulation and oversight. 
Significant regulatory developments and changes in the approach of BNG Bank's regulators could have a 
material adverse effect on BNG Bank's operations or profitability", the EU Banking Reforms are wide-
ranging and cover multiple areas, including a binding 3% leverage ratio, the introduction of a binding 
detailed NSFR, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new 
category of 'non-preferred' senior debt, the implementation of the TLAC standard, the amendment of a 
number of aspects of the MREL framework to align it with the TLAC standard, and the transposition of the 
FRTB conclusions into EU legislation. As such, the EU Banking Reforms may affect BNG Bank (including 
with regard to the MREL it is required to maintain) and the Notes (including with regard to their ranking 
in insolvency and their being at risk of being bailed-in). The EU Banking Reforms have entered into force 
on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules in respect of CRD IV will apply from 28 June 2021 and those in 
respect of the BRRD and SRM Regulation apply as of the end of 2020, subject in certain cases to 
transposition in the Member States. As such, the EU Banking Reforms may affect BNG Bank (including 
with regard to the MREL it must maintain in the future) and the Notes (including with regard to their 
ranking in insolvency and their being at risk of being bailed-in, which risk is however not expected to 
become higher), all as described in more detail under "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Bail-
in Tool" above). 
As part of the EU Banking Reforms, the BRRD Amendment Directive was published. The BRRD 
Amendment Directive changes the insolvency hierarchy and introduces a new statutory category of 
unsecured "non-preferred" senior debt for banks. This category ranks just below the ordinary senior debt 
and other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution, but still ranks as part of the senior unsecured debt 
category (only as a "non-preferred" senior debt). The BRRD Amendment Directive does not affect the

--- Page 209 ---
209 
existing stock of bank debt and only applies to debt when designated as such by the issuing bank. A bill 
implementing the BRRD Amendment Directive in the Netherlands came into force in December 2018, 
introducing the senior non-preferred asset class to the insolvency hierarchy applicable to credit institutions 
in Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet).  
It should be noted that the adopted proposals not yet introduce the FRTB into European law (in view of 
inter alia the announcement by the Basel Committee of a delay of the implementation deadline of the FRTB 
standard to 1 January 2022) as initially proposed by the European Commission as this would oblige 
institutions to meet requirements subject to change in the short term. Instead, the co-legislators have adopted 
a reporting requirement, which will apply once elements reviewed at international level are introduced via 
a number of level 2 measures. Another deviation in the adopted text from the proposals by the European 
Commission in respect of the EU Banking Reforms relates to the fact that the co-legislators agreed to retain 
a single moratorium power (as opposed to two different tools for supervisors and resolution authorities as 
initially proposed by the Commission and the European Parliament), which should be triggered after the 
bank is determined to be "failing or likely to fail" by the relevant competent authority. The power to impose 
a moratorium includes covered deposits and could be imposed for a maximum duration of two days, in line 
with the ISDA (International Swaps and Derivatives Association) agreements. 
The solvency ratios presented in the table below are based on the fully phased-in CRD IV/CRR principles 
that apply during 2020, which means that the revaluation reserve has been included in full in the calculation 
of the ratios. The minimum requirements set forth in the table below represent the situation to be achieved 
under CRD IV/CRR principles as of 2020.  
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
Minimum 
requirement 
Present 
Minimum 
requirement 
Present 
Regulatory capital (€ millions)
1,667
4,783
1,697
4,692
Total capital ratio (%)
13.75%
39.4%
13.83%
38.2%
CET 1 capital (€ millions)
1,243
4,050
1,258
3,959
CET 1 ratio (%)
10.25%
33.4%
10.25%
32.3%
Risk-weighted assets 
(€ millions)
N/A
12,127
N/A
12,271
Leverage ratio (%)1
N/A
3.5%
N/A
3.6%
Liquidity 
The LCR and the NSFR were introduced under the CRD IV regulations. The LCR addresses the sufficiency 
of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a specified acute stress scenario which 
may not fall below 100% of the estimated net cash outflows for the following 30 days. The NSFR requires 
that banks maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet activities over a 
one-year period, i.e. that long-term assets are covered with sufficient stable funding. This ratio is calculated 
by dividing available stable funding by required stable funding. Both the LCR and the NSFR should be at 
least 100%. As discussed above, a binding detailed NSFR will be introduced part of the EU Banking 
Reforms.   
BNG Bank makes relatively little use of deposits and much use of the capital markets. Deposits have a 
more even expected redemption pattern than issues on the capital markets. The LCR may fluctuate when 
issues are placed or redeemed. Since such developments are easier to predict, however, pre-emptive steps 
can be taken. In addition, the movements in the market value of the derivatives used to hedge the interest 
rate risk and foreign exchange risks cause the level of the LCR to fluctuate via the collateral obligations 
securing these derivatives. The LCR is calculated a year in advance each month using an LCR projection 
model. In this way, BNG Bank can identify potential deficits in advance. The LCR at 31 December 2020 
amounted to 158% (2019: 158%) and, as such, met the minimum standard. Given that the NSFR has a 
longer horizon, its results are more stable in nature than those of the LCR. The NSFR at 31 December 2020 
amounted to 122% (2019: 126%) and, as such, was also well above the 100% limit.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
BNG Bank has a liquidity portfolio, which enables it to create additional liquidity in a relatively short period 
under stressful circumstances, as a result of prudential liquidity policy and the obligation to fulfil the new 
regulatory requirements.  
At 31 December 2020, the LCR value of the liquidity portfolio amounted to €14.0 billion (2019: €14.9 
billion). The decrease of €0.9 billion in 2020 was largely attributable increase of level 1 assets and a 
decrease of level 2 assets of which asset-backed securities. 
Hedging risks with derivatives
BNG Bank applies economic hedging in order to mitigate foreign exchange risks due to the variability of 
foreign currency cash flows caused by the fluctuations of the exchange rates, and keep interest rate risks at 
the desired level. It has put in place a system of limits and procedures that are strictly adhered to and 
monitored on a daily basis. Foreign exchange and interest rate risks are principally hedged with derivatives. 
The treatment of derivatives and hedged items in the balance sheet and income statement is such that they 
are aligned as much as possible with the actual economic hedging. For accounting purposes, BNG Bank 
processes this hedging relationship under IFRS through micro and portfolio fair value hedging, as well as 
cash flow hedging. The paragraph on accounting principles in the 2020 financial statements incorporated 
by reference herein describes the conditions that need to be met before these forms of hedge accounting 
can be applied.  
Although BNG Bank uses derivatives for economic hedging purposes as permitted by IFRS, it is not always 
possible to include these in a hedge accounting relationship. For the derivatives that are not involved in a 
hedge accounting relationship, in almost all cases there is an economic hedged item, which is also 
recognised as a derivative so that, on a net basis, the volatility of the result arising from derivatives is 
limited. 
The derivatives are included in the balance sheet. Derivatives are always recognised in the balance sheet at 
fair value. Derivatives contracts with a positive fair value are stated as assets on the balance sheet while 
derivatives with a negative value are stated as liabilities. 
BNG Bank applies cash flow hedge accounting to virtually all long-term funding transactions and some 
assets in the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio in foreign 
currencies in order to protect its result against possible variability in future cash flows due to exchange rate 
fluctuations, in particular due to fluctuations in cross-currency basis spreads. Under IFRS, BNG Bank is 
obligated to recognise the change in the instrument's fair value in its accounts and the effects of this 
accounting mismatch must be recognised in the income statement as value adjustments to derivatives. With 
the use of cash flow hedge accounting, the effective part of the cash flow hedge, arising from changes in 
the cross currency basis spread, is recognised in a cash flow hedge reserve in equity. The interest results of 
both the hedging instrument and the hedged item are accounted for in the income statement in the same 
period. At year-end 2020, BNG Bank recognised €11 million positive (2019: €13 million positive) as 
effective value adjustment of hedging instruments in equity by virtue of cash flow hedging.  
See also Other Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – Hedging of risks with derivatives to the 
2020 financial statements. 
Off Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contingent Liabilities 
Off balance sheet arrangements  
Other than the irrevocable commitments set forth under "Liquidity and Capital Resources – Irrevocable 
facilities and encumbered assets", BNG Bank has no off balance sheet arrangements, as determined for 
purposes of IFRS-EU. 
Contingent liabilities 
This includes all commitments arising from transactions for which BNG Bank has issued guarantees on 
behalf of a third party. To a limited extent, these guarantees are covered by a counter-guarantee from public 
authorities. This mainly relates to letters of credit with a remaining contractual term of more than five years,

--- Page 211 ---
211 
which BNG Bank has issued on behalf of clients in the utility sector. BNG Bank records contingent 
liabilities at the underlying principal amount that would need to be paid in the event of the borrower 
defaulting. BNG Bank's contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2020 were €1.5 billion (2019: €1.6 billion; 
2018: €1.6 billion). 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
The preparation of BNG Bank's consolidated financial statements requires BNG Bank to make estimates 
and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts. Estimates and judgments are 
continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors including expectations of 
future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from 
these estimates. 
The estimates and assumptions which have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying 
amount of assets and liabilities are described in the principle accounting policies that can be found in the 
Notes to the 2020 financial statements included in BNG Bank's 2020 annual report which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Consolidated Financial Information 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE 
SHEET 
As of 31 December
(€ millions) 
2020 
2019
2018 
(€ millions) 
Assets 
Cash and balances held with the 
central banks
2,312
1,272
1,587
Amounts due from banks
120
66
82
Cash collateral posted
20,361
14,643
12,043
Financial assets at fair value 
through the income statement
1,452
1,764
1,606
Derivatives
8,540
10,004
8,390
Financial asset at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income
9,738
9,222
9,648
Interest-bearing 
securities 
at 
amortised cost
7,880
7,764
7,406
Loans and advances
88,942
88,279
85,034
Value adjustments on loans in 
portfolio hedge accounting
20,816
16,462
11,566
Associates and joint ventures
31
35
44
Property & equipment
17
18
17
Current tax assets
1
30
7
Other assets
149
130
79
Total assets 
160,359 
149,689 
137,509 
Liabilities
Amounts due to banks
12,221
1,933
2,383
Cash collateral received2 
858
1,137
419
Financial liabilities at fair value 
through the income statement
656
674
762
Derivatives
26,965
22,651
19,223
Debt securities
108,615
112,661
103,722
Funds entrusted
5,599
5,575
5,800
Subordinated debts
35
33
32
Deferred tax liabilities
98
78
99
Other liabilities
215
60
78 
Total liabilities 
155,262 
144,802 
132,518 
Equity
5,097 
4,887 
4,991 
Total liabilities and equity 
160,359 
149,689 
137,509

--- Page 213 ---
213 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(€ millions) 
- Calculated using the effective interest method
4,514
4,889
5,154
- Other interest revenue 
362 
634 
566 
Total interest revenue
4,876
5,523
5,720
- Interest expenses calculated using the effective 
interest method
4,313 
4,994 
5,179 
- Other interest expenses 
86 
94 
107 
Total interest expenses
4,399
5,088
5,286
Interest result
477
435
434
- Commission income
29
32
30
- Commission expenses 
4 
2 
2 
Commission result
25
30
28
Result on financial transactions
(17) 
37
112
Results from associates and joint ventures
3
3
4
Other results 
1 
1 
2 
Total income 
489 
506 
580 
Staff costs
49
41
40
Other administrative expenses
46
37
33
Depreciations
3
3
3
Other operating expenses 
0 
- 
- 
Total operating expenses 
98 
81 
76 
- Net impairment losses on financial assets
16
153
(2)
- Net impairment losses on associates and joint 
ventures
1 
7 
4 
Contribution to resolution fund
8
8
12
Bank levy
34
30
31
Total other expenses 
59 
198 
45 
Profit before tax 
332 
227 
459 
Income tax expense 
111 
64 
122 
Net Profit 
221 
163 
337 
– of which attributable to holders of hybrid capital
19
21
19
– of which attributable to shareholders
202
142
318

--- Page 214 ---
214 
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(€ millions)
Cash flow from operating activities 
Profit before tax.......................................................................
332
227
459
Adjusted for:
Depreciation.....................................................................
3
3
3
Impairments .....................................................................
17
160
2
Unrealised results through the income statement.............
54
(20)
(78)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Changes in amounts due from and due to banks (not due on 
demand)...............................................................................
10,463
(532)
3
Changes in Cash collateral posted and received......................
(5,864)
(1,854)
1,908
Changes in repos and reverse repos.........................................
-
-
(1)
Changes in loans and advances ...............................................
(628)
(3,432)
(181)
Changes in funds entrusted......................................................
172
(272)
283
Changes in derivatives ............................................................
(1,416)
626
1,323
Corporate income tax paid ......................................................
(71)
(86)
(140)
Other changes from operating activities..................................
(210)
(232)
(326)
Total cash flow from operating activities ............................
2,852
(5,412)
3,255
Cash flow from investing activities 
Investments and acquisitions pertaining to: 
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement
(146)
(3)
-
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income .................................................................................
(5,016)
(1,776)
(162)
Interest-bearing securities at amortised cost............................
(1,862)
(1,824)
(2,796)
Investments in associates and joint ventures...........................
-
(1)
-
Property and equipment ..........................................................
(2)
(3)
(3)
Disposals and redemptions pertaining to: 
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement....
496
45
23
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income .................................................................................
4,553
2,267
1,085
Interest-bearing securities at amortised cost............................
1,821
1,516
503
Assets held for sale..................................................................
-
-
29
Investments in associates and joint ventures...........................
2
3
1
Total cash flow from investing activities .............................
(154)
224
(1,320)
Cash flow from financing activities 
Amounts received on account of:
Financial liabilities at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................
-
12
-
Debt securities..................................................................
219,779
401,879
313,242
Amounts paid on account of:
Financial liabilities at fair value through the income 
statement ..........................................................................
(8)
(143)
(185)
Debt securities..................................................................
(221,405)
(396,691)
(316,234)
Subordinated debts...........................................................
-
0
0
Dividend attributable to holders of hybrid capital............
(25)
(25)
(25)
Dividend attributable to shareholders...............................
-
(159)
(141)
Total cash flow from financing activities.............................
(1,659)
4,873
(3,343)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents.............................
1,039
(315)
(1,408)

--- Page 215 ---
215 
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January  
1,276
1,591
2,999
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December....................
2,315
1,276
1,591
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December:
Cash and balances with the central banks ........................
2,312
1,272
1,587
Cash equivalents in the Amount due from banks item.....
4
4
4
Cash equivalents in the Amount due to banks item .........
(1)
0
0
2,315
1,276
1,591

--- Page 216 ---
216 
TAXATION 
General 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or 
income derived from the Notes, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction 
of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes 
is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net income received from 
the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and 
consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be 
aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from 
time to time, with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise 
tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
Netherlands Taxation  
Scope of Discussion 
The following is a general summary of certain material Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, 
holding and disposal of the Notes. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations 
or consequences that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes and does not purport to 
deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or 
similar arrangements) may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, it should be treated with 
corresponding caution.  
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands, published regulations thereunder and published 
authoritative case law, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change or to different 
interpretation, possibly with retroactive effect. Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" it refers only 
to the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. 
This discussion is for general information purposes only and is not tax advice or a complete description of 
all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes. Holders or prospective 
holders of Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences relating to the 
acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal and/or interest made by the Issuer under the Notes may be made free of 
withholding or deduction of, for or on account of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld 
or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the 
Notes qualify as equity of the Issuer for Netherlands tax purposes. 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in 
the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax 
purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), 
or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) 
is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of 
another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence 
because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), 
or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). Provided that on and after 1 January 2021 no 
payments of interest are made by the Issuer under a Note to an entity affiliated to the Issuer that meets one 
of the conditions as stated under (i) – (v) above, payments of interest made by the Issuer under a Note shall

--- Page 217 ---
217 
not become subject to withholding tax as of 1 January 2021 on the basis of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Please note that the summary in this section does not describe the Netherlands tax consequences for: 
i.
holders of Notes if such holders, and in the case of individuals, his/her partner or certain of their 
relatives by blood or marriage in the direct line (including foster children), have a substantial 
interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the 
Issuer under the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally 
speaking, a holder of securities in a company is considered to hold a substantial interest in such 
company, if such holder alone or, in the case of individuals, together with his/her partner (as 
defined in the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 
5% or more of the total issued and outstanding capital of that company or of 5% or more of the 
issued and outstanding capital of a certain class of shares of that company; or (ii) holds rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest; or (iii) holds certain profit sharing rights in that 
company that relate to 5% or more of the company's annual profits and/or to 5% or more of the 
company's liquidation proceeds. A deemed substantial interest may arise if a substantial interest 
(or part thereof) in a company has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been disposed of, on 
a non-recognition basis; and 
ii.
pension funds, investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen), exempt investment 
institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) (as defined in the Netherlands Corporate 
Income Tax Act 1969; Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969) and other entities that are, in 
whole or in part, not subject to or exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax. 
Residents of the Netherlands - Netherlands Resident Entities 
Generally speaking, if the holder of the Notes is an entity that is a resident or deemed to be resident of the 
Netherlands for Netherlands corporate income tax purposes ("Netherlands Resident Entity"), any 
payment under the Notes or any gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes is 
subject to Netherlands corporate income tax at a rate of 15% with respect to taxable profits up to €245,000 
and 25% with respect to profits in excess of that amount (rates and brackets for 2021). 
Residents of the Netherlands - Netherlands Resident Individuals 
If a holder of the Notes is an individual, resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands 
income tax purposes ("Netherlands Resident Individual"), any payment under the Notes or any gain or 
loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes is taxable at the progressive income tax rates 
(with a maximum of 49.5% in 2020), if:  
i.
the Notes are attributable to an enterprise from which the holder of the Notes derives a share of 
the profit, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or as a person who has a co-entitlement to 
the net worth (medegerechtigd tot het vermogen) of such enterprise without being a shareholder 
(as defined in the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001); or 
ii.
the holder of the Notes is considered to perform activities with respect to the Notes that go 
beyond ordinary asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer) or derives benefits from 
the Notes that are taxable as benefits from other activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden). 
If the above-mentioned conditions i. and ii. do not apply to the individual holder of Notes, such holder will 
be taxed annually on a deemed, variable return (with a maximum of 5.69% in 2021) of his/her net 
investment assets for the year (rendementsgrondslag) at an income tax rate of 31%. The net investment 
assets for the year are the fair market value of the investment assets less the allowable liabilities on 1 January 
of the relevant calendar year. The Notes are included as investment assets. A tax free allowance may be 
available. Actual income, gains or losses in respect of the Notes are as such not subject to Netherlands 
income tax.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
For the net investment assets on 1 January 2021, the deemed return ranges from 1.898% up to 5.69% 
(depending on the aggregate amount of the net investment assets on 1 January 2021). The deemed, variable 
return will be adjusted annually on the basis of historic market yields. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
A holder of the Notes will not be subject to Netherlands taxes on income or capital gains in respect of any 
payment under the Notes or in respect of any gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the 
Notes, provided that: 
i.
such holder is neither a Netherlands Resident Entity nor a Netherlands Resident Individual; 
ii.
such holder does not have an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in the 
Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 and the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969) which, 
in whole or in part, is either effectively managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a 
permanent establishment, a deemed permanent establishment or a permanent representative in 
the Netherlands and to which enterprise or part of an enterprise the Notes are attributable; and 
iii.
in the event the holder is an individual, such holder does not carry out any activities in the 
Netherlands with respect to the Notes that go beyond ordinary asset management activities and 
does not derive benefits from the Notes that are taxable as benefits from other activities in the 
Netherlands. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Residents of the Netherlands 
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Notes by way of a gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes who is resident or deemed resident of the Netherlands at the 
time of the gift or his/her death. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
No Netherlands gift or inheritance taxes will arise on the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, or on the death 
of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, unless the transfer 
is construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time of the gift or death, 
is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands. 
Value added tax (VAT) 
No Netherlands VAT will be payable by the holders of the Notes on (i) any payment in consideration for 
the issue of the Notes or (ii) to the payment of interest or principal by the Issuer under the Notes.  
Other taxes and duties 
No Netherlands registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will be payable 
by the holders of the Notes in respect of (i) the issue of the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal 
by the Issuer under the Notes. 
United States Federal Income Taxation  
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of Registered Notes by U.S. Holders as described below. This disclosure does not address 
Bearer Notes, which generally may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons. Unless 
an exemption applies, a U.S. Holder of a Bearer Note or Coupon generally will be subject to adverse U.S. 
federal income tax consequences. This discussion applies only to the U.S. Holders described below who 
purchase (i) Notes in their initial offering at the "issue price," which generally will equal the first price to 
the public (not including bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of

--- Page 219 ---
219 
underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers) at which a substantial amount of the Notes is sold for 
money, (ii) Additional Notes (as defined below) in their initial offering, and who hold the Notes or 
Additional Notes as capital assets. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to a U.S. Holder in light 
of its particular circumstances, including the possible application of the income accrual rules set forth in 
section 451 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any alternative 
minimum tax or Medicare contribution tax consequences, nor does it describe all of the tax consequences 
applicable to U.S. Holders subject to special rules, such as: 

certain financial institutions; 

regulated investment companies; 

insurance companies; 

real estate investment trusts; 

dealers in securities or foreign currencies; 

traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of tax accounting; 

persons holding Notes as part of a straddle or integrated transaction; 

persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; 

partnerships or other entities classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or 

persons holding Notes in connection with a trade or business conducted outside the United States. 
If a partnership holds the Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon 
the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding Notes and partners in a 
partnership holding Notes should consult their tax advisors. 
This discussion is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, 
temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this Base 
Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein, possibly with retroactive effect. Persons 
considering the purchase of Notes are urged to consult their tax advisers with regard to the application of 
the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under 
the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
This discussion applies only to Notes that are classified as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. This discussion does not apply to every type of Note that may be issued under the Programme, 
including certain Dual Currency Interest Notes, Dual Currency Redemption Notes, certain Notes with 
maturities over 30 years, Step-Up Interest Notes, Step-Down Interest Notes and any other Notes that are 
subject to different U.S. federal income tax consequences than those described below. Additional or 
alternative U.S. federal income tax consequences of such Notes may be addressed in a supplement, new 
base prospectus or drawdown prospectus, as applicable. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes: 

a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 

a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organised in or under the laws of the 
United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia; or

--- Page 220 ---
220 

an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
Stated Interest 
Stated interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it 
accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, provided that the interest is qualified stated interest (as defined below). Interest income earned 
by a U.S. Holder with respect to a Note will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which may be relevant to a U.S. Holder in calculating the U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit 
limitation. Special rules governing the treatment of interest paid with respect to OID Notes, including 
certain Variable Rate Notes and Foreign Currency Notes (each as defined below), are described under "––
Original Issue Discount and Variable Rate Notes" and " –– Foreign Currency Notes" below. 
Any amounts withheld with respect to interest paid on the Notes and, without duplication, any additional 
amounts paid with respect thereto pursuant to the terms of the Notes would be treated as ordinary interest 
income. 
Original Issue Discount and Variable Rate Notes 
A Note that is issued at an issue price less than its "stated redemption price at maturity" will be considered 
to have been issued at an original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred 
to in this section as an "OID Note") unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as described below) 
or is a Short-Term Note (as defined below). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note will equal 
the sum of all payments required under the Note other than payments of "qualified stated interest". 
"Qualified stated interest" is stated interest unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than in debt 
instruments of the Issuer) at least annually at a single fixed rate or, subject to certain conditions, based on 
one or more floating rates or indices of certain types. 
All stated interest on a Note that is a Variable Rate Debt Instrument (as defined below) will constitute 
qualified stated interest if it provides for stated interest at either a "single qualified floating rate" or a "single 
objective rate" (as described below) throughout the term of the Note that is unconditionally payable in cash 
or property (other than debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually. Therefore, a Note that is a Variable 
Rate Debt Instrument that provides (or is treated as providing, as described below) for interest at a single 
qualified floating rate or a single objective rate will not be treated as having been issued with original issue 
discount unless it is issued at a "true" discount (i.e., at a price below the Note's stated principal amount in 
excess of a specified de minimis amount). In general, a "Variable Rate Debt Instrument" is a Note that 
provides for one or more qualified floating rates of interest, a single fixed rate and one or more qualified 
floating rates, a single objective rate, or a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified 
inverse floating rate, as such terms are defined in applicable Treasury regulations, provided that the issue 
price of the Note does not exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the Note by more 
than an amount equal to the lesser of (x) 0.015 multiplied by the product of the total noncontingent principal 
payments and the number of complete years to maturity from the issue date or (y) 15% of the total 
noncontingent principal payments. 
In general, a "qualified floating rate" is any variable rate where variations in the value of such rate can 
reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the 
currency in which the Note that is a Variable Rate Debt Instrument is denominated. An interest rate that is 
based on the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple, or that subjects a qualified floating 
rate to a cap, floor, governor or similar restriction, may also be treated as a qualified floating rate if certain 
conditions are satisfied. An "objective rate" is generally a rate that is determined using a single fixed 
formula and that is based on objective financial or economic information. A rate is not objective for these 
purposes if it is based on information within the control of the Issuer or that is unique to the Issuer's 
circumstances (other than a rate based on the Issuer's credit quality). A "qualified inverse floating rate" is 
an objective rate that is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate if variations in the rate can 
reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate 
(disregarding for those purposes any cap, floor, governor or similar restriction). If a Note that is a Variable 
Rate Debt Instrument provides for two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to 
have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Note, the qualified floating rates together 
constitute a single qualified floating rate. If interest on a debt instrument is stated at a fixed rate for an initial

--- Page 221 ---
221 
period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective 
rate for a subsequent period, and the value of the variable rate on the issue date is intended to approximate 
the fixed rate, the fixed rate and the variable rate together constitute a single qualified floating rate or 
objective rate. Two or more qualified floating rates or a fixed rate and a variable rate will be conclusively 
presumed to meet the requirements of the preceding two sentences if the values of the applicable rates on 
the issue date are within 1/4 of one percentage point of each other. If a Note that is a Variable Rate Debt 
Instrument provides for a single variable interest rate and is issued at a discount in an amount equal to or in 
excess of the specified de minimis amount described below, such discount must be allocated to a U.S. 
Holder's accrual periods using the constant-yield method described below by assuming that the variable 
rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the 
value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case 
of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the Note. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of one percent of the stated redemption price at maturity, generally multiplied by 
the number of complete years to maturity, then the Note will not be considered to have original issue 
discount. 
A U.S. Holder of OID Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest payments in income in 
accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as described 
under "—Stated Interest". U.S. Holders of OID Notes will be required to include original issue discount in 
income for U.S. federal income tax purposes as it accrues, in accordance with a constant-yield method 
based on a compounding of interest. Under this method, U.S. Holders of OID Notes generally will be 
required to include in income increasingly greater amounts of original issue discount in successive accrual 
periods. 
Under applicable Treasury regulations, if the Issuer or the holder has an unconditional option to redeem a 
Note prior to its stated maturity, this option will be presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on 
which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity date and the amount payable on that date in accordance 
with the terms of the Note as the stated redemption price at maturity, in the case of the Issuer's option, the 
yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to stated maturity or, in the case of the holder's option, the 
yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to stated maturity. If this option is not in fact exercised, the 
Note would be treated solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and 
a new note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue 
price on that date. A Note's adjusted issue price is generally its issue price (as defined above), increased by 
the amount of any original issue discount previously includible in gross income and decreased by the 
amount of any payment previously made on the Note other than payment of qualified stated interest. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including stated interest, original issue discount, de minimis original issue discount and in the case of 
Additional Notes market discount and de minimis market discount, as adjusted by any amortisable bond 
premium) in accordance with a constant-yield method based on the compounding of interest (a "constant-
yield election"). 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance, taking into account the last possible date on 
which the Note could be outstanding in accordance with its terms (a "Short-Term Note") will be treated 
as being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated 
interest. In general, a cash-method U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue the discount 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so (but should include in income any stated 
interest upon receipt). U.S. Holders who so elect and certain other U.S. Holders, including those who report 
income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are required to include 
the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless another election is made to accrue the 
discount according to a constant-yield method based on daily compounding. In the case of a U.S. Holder 
who is not required and who does not elect to include the discount in income currently, any gain realised 
on the sale, exchange or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the 
discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant-yield method based on daily 
compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or retirement. In addition, such U.S. Holders will be 
required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry Short-Term 
Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued discount that has not been included in income.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Additional Notes 
Under the terms of the Notes, if the Issuer issues additional Notes with the same CUSIP, ISIN, Common 
Code or other identifying number of outstanding Notes ("Additional Notes"), the Additional Notes and 
outstanding Notes must be fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders that purchase 
Additional Notes from the Issuer upon their issuance may exclude from income the portion of the interest 
paid on the first interest date on Additional Notes that relates to the period from the preceding interest 
payment date on the outstanding Notes to the issue date of the additional Notes ("prior accrued interest"). 
Prior accrued interest not included in income will not form part of any amortisable bond premium (as 
described below under "—Amortisable Bond Premium"). A U.S. Holder's tax basis in an Additional Note 
will generally equal the cost of such Note to the U.S. Holder, reduced by any prior accrued interest excluded 
from income.  
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases Additional Notes for an amount that is less than their principal amount (or less 
than the adjusted issue price in the case of OID Notes), excluding any amount attributable to accrued and 
unpaid interest, the amount of the difference will generally be treated as market discount for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, unless this difference satisfies a prescribed de minimis test.   
If a U.S. Holder purchased an Additional Note at a market discount, the U.S. Holder generally will be 
required to treat any payment on the Additional Note that is not qualified stated interest, or any gain on the 
sale or other disposition of an Additional Note, as ordinary income to the extent of the market discount 
accrued on the Additional Note at the time of the payment or disposition unless the U.S. Holder previously 
included this market discount in income. In addition, the U.S. Holder may be required to defer, until the 
maturity of the Additional Note or its earlier disposition, the deduction of all or a portion of the interest 
expense on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry the Additional Note. 
Contingent Debt Obligations 
Special rules govern the tax treatment of debt obligations that are treated under applicable Treasury 
regulations as providing for contingent payments ("Contingent Debt Obligations"). These rules generally 
require accrual of interest income on a constant-yield basis at an assumed yield determined at the time of 
issuance of the obligation. Adjustments will be required to these accruals when any contingent payments 
are made that differ from the projected amounts. Any gain on the sale, exchange or retirement of a 
Contingent Debt Obligation will be ordinary income. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of any Notes 
that are treated as Contingent Debt Obligations will be more fully described in a supplement, new base 
prospectus or drawdown prospectus, as applicable. 
Amortisable Bond Premium 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the sum of all amounts payable on the 
Note other than qualified stated interest, the U.S. Holder will be considered to have purchased the Note 
with amortisable bond premium equal to this excess. The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise this premium, 
using a constant-yield method, over the remaining term of the Note. Special rules may limit the amount of 
bond premium that can be amortised during certain accrual periods in the case of Notes that are subject to 
optional redemption. A U.S. Holder may generally use the amortisable bond premium allocable to an 
accrual period to offset qualified stated interest required to be included in the U.S. Holder's income with 
respect to the Note in that accrual period. A U.S. Holder who elects to amortise bond premium must reduce 
the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium amortised in any year. An election to 
amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations held by the U.S. Holder on or after the first 
day of the taxable year in which the election is made and may be revoked only with the permission of the 
Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant-yield election (as described under "––Original Issue Discount and 
Variable Rate Notes" above) for a Note with amortisable bond premium, such election will result in a 
deemed election to amortise bond premium for all of the U.S. Holder's debt instruments with amortisable 
bond premium and may be revoked only with the permission of the IRS with respect to debt instruments 
held or acquired after the election.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's 
adjusted tax basis in the Note. Gain or loss, if any, will generally be U.S. source for purposes of computing 
a U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. For these purposes, the amount realised does not include any 
amount attributable to accrued qualified stated interest, which will be taxed as interest as described under 
"––Stated Interest" above to the extent not previously included in income. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax 
basis in a Note generally (and in the case of Additional Notes, any market discount) previously will equal 
such U.S. Holder's initial investment in the Note, increased by any original issue discount included in 
income, and decreased by any bond premium previously amortised and principal payments or payments 
other than qualified stated interest previously received, and in the case of Additional Notes further 
decreased by any prior accrued interest excluded from income as described in "––Prior Accrued Interest 
on Additional Notes" above. 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will generally 
be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or retirement 
the Note has been held for more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of a Short-
Term Note to the extent of any accrued discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's taxable 
income. See "––Original Issue Discount and Variable Rate Notes" above. In addition, other exceptions to 
this general rule apply in the case of certain Foreign Currency Notes, Contingent Debt Obligations and 
Additional Notes to the extent of any accrued market discount not previously included in income. See "––
Foreign Currency Notes" below and "––Contingent Debt Obligations" and "––Additional Notes" above. 
Benchmark Event 
Certain Notes are issued with an interest rate that references a benchmark rate such as LIBOR.  As discussed 
in more detail above, on the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event (as the case 
may be) the Issuer may determine a Replacement Reference Rate or a Benchmark Replacement (as the case 
may be) for such Notes.  The U.S. federal income tax consequences of such an event are unclear.  In general, 
if a Note is "substantially modified, " then, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Note is treated as 
retired and exchanged for a newly issued note with the modified terms.  A U.S. Holder of such a Note may 
recognize capital gain or loss on such an exchange and the "new" notes may be treated as issued with, or 
with different amounts of OID.   
In December 2019, the Treasury Department issued Proposed Treasury Regulations, which if adopted in 
final form, would provide that the alternation of a debt instrument to substitute a different interest rate in 
place of an interbank offered rate (such as LIBOR) would not be treated as a modification of the debt 
instrument for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided certain requirements are satisfied. 
U.S. Holders are encouraged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules to any 
Notes that may be subject to a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The rules applicable to Notes denominated in (or the payments on which are determined by reference to) a 
single currency other than U.S. dollars (referred to in this section as "Foreign Currency Notes") could 
require some or all of the gain or loss on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency Note to be 
recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Notes are complex 
and their application may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal income tax situation. For 
example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a U.S. Holder should make any of 
these elections depends on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal income tax situation. U.S. Holders are 
urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of Foreign Currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of tax accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest (or who receives proceeds from a sale, exchange or retirement attributable to accrued qualified 
stated interest) in a foreign currency with respect to a Foreign Currency Note will be required to include in 
income the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined based on a spot rate on the date

--- Page 224 ---
224 
the payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars at that 
time, and this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency received. 
An accrual-method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including original issue discount, reduced by amortisable bond premium to the extent 
applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be taken into account with respect to a Foreign 
Currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value of the accrued income will be determined 
by translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. 
Alternatively, an accrual-method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including original 
issue discount) into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case 
of a partial accrual period, the spot rate on the last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within 
five business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. 
Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and 
cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. The U.S. Holder may recognise ordinary income 
or loss (which will not be treated as interest income or expense, and will be treated as U.S. source income 
or loss) with respect to accrued interest income on the date the interest payment or proceeds from the sale, 
exchange or retirement attributable to accrued interest is actually received. The amount of ordinary income 
or loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment 
received (determined based on a spot rate on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual 
period and the U.S. dollar value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined 
above). Rules similar to these rules apply in the case of cash-method U.S. Holders who are required to 
currently accrue original issue discount on a Foreign Currency Note.  
Original issue discount, amortisable bond premium and market discount on a Foreign Currency Note are to 
be determined in the relevant foreign currency. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a current 
basis will reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Gain or loss attributable to 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates will be realised on amortised bond premium with respect to any 
period by treating the bond premium amortised in the period in the same manner as it would have been 
treated on the sale, exchange or retirement of the Foreign Currency Note. Any exchange gain or loss will 
be ordinary income or loss as described below. If the election is not made, any bond premium will be taken 
into account in determining the overall gain or loss on the Notes and any loss realised on the sale, exchange 
or retirement of a Foreign Currency Note with amortisable bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not 
elected to amortise the premium will be a capital loss to the extent of the bond premium, subject to the 
discussion of foreign currency loss below. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to the 
U.S. Holder's tax basis (including adjustments for original issue discount included as income and any bond 
premium previously amortised or principal payments received), will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign 
currency amount paid for such Foreign Currency Note, as discussed below, or of the foreign currency 
amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of the purchase or adjustment. The amount realised on a 
sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency Note will generally be the U.S. dollar value of the 
foreign currency received (except to the extent attributable to accrued interest), determined on the date of 
the sale, exchange or retirement. However, if a Foreign Currency Note is traded on an "established securities 
market" and the U.S. Holder is a cash basis taxpayer or an electing accrual basis taxpayer, the U.S. dollar 
value of the foreign currency amount paid for such Note and the amount realised on the disposition of such 
Note will be determined based on the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or disposition. An 
accrual-method U.S. Holder making the election described in the preceding sentence must apply such 
election consistently to all debt instruments denominated in foreign currency which are traded on 
"established securities market" and cannot change it without the consent of the IRS.  
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency Note that is attributable 
to fluctuations in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated as 
interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the 
difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, 
determined generally on the date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of; and (ii) the U.S. dollar 
value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired 
the Note. Payments received attributable to accrued interest will be treated in accordance with the rules

--- Page 225 ---
225 
applicable to payments of interest on Foreign Currency Notes described above. The foreign currency gain 
or loss with respect to the sale or other taxable disposition (including with respect to payments attributable 
to accrued interest received on the sale or other taxable disposition) will be recognised only to the extent of 
the total gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or retirement of the Foreign Currency 
Note. The foreign currency gain or loss for U.S. Holders will be U.S. source. Any gain or loss realised by 
a U.S. Holder in excess of the foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss (except in the case 
of a Short-Term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's income). 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement of 
a Foreign Currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, determined at the time of 
sale, exchange or retirement (or if the Note is traded on an "established securities market", on the settlement 
date of the sale, exchange or retirement if the U.S. Holder is a cash basis taxpayer or an electing accrual-
method taxpayer). Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of foreign 
currency (including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase Foreign Currency Notes) will be 
ordinary income or loss. 
A U.S. Holder may be required to file a reportable transaction disclosure statement with the U.S. Holder's 
U.S. federal income tax return, if such U.S. Holder realises a loss on the sale, exchange or retirement of a 
Foreign Currency Note and such loss is greater than applicable threshold amounts, which differ depending 
on the status of the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that claims a deduction with respect to a Foreign Currency 
Note should consult its own tax adviser regarding the need to file a reportable transaction disclosure 
statement. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on 
these payments if the U.S. Holder fails to provide its taxpayer identification number to the paying agent 
and comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption from backup 
withholding. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a 
credit against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, 
provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals (and certain specified U.S. entities closely-held by individuals) 
may be required to report to the IRS certain information relating to Notes or to accounts maintained with 
financial institutions through which the Notes may be held. U.S. Holders who fail to report the required 
information could be subject to substantial penalties. 
Taxation in Luxembourg  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to certain 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest). There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, with the 
possible exception of payments made to certain Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders, upon 
repayment of principal in case of reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Luxembourg residents  
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005 (the "Relibi Law"), as amended, on the introduction of a 
withholding tax on certain interest payments on savings income, interest payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, 
can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent levy on interest payments made by paying agents located in an 
EU Member State or in a State of the EEA other than Luxembourg. If such an option is exercised by an 
individual tax resident Noteholder for a year, that option is irrevocable for that individual for that year and 
makes him/her responsible for applying and paying the 20 per cent levy in respect of interest they receive 
on Notes. 
Taxation in Switzerland 
The following discussion of taxation in this section is only a summary of certain tax implications under the 
laws of Switzerland in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus as they may affect investors in the Notes. 
This summary is of a general nature and is not intended to be exhaustive. It applies only to persons who are 
beneficial owners of Notes and may not apply to certain classes of persons. The Issuer does not make any 
representation as to the completeness of the information on, or undertakes any liability of whatsoever nature 
for, the tax implications for investors in the Notes. Potential investors are advised to consult their own 
professional advisers in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes by the Issuer will not be subject to Swiss 
withholding tax. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published a consultation draft on the reform of the Swiss 
withholding tax system applicable to interest on bonds. This consultation draft provides for, among other 
things, the replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying 
agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Under this paying agent-based regime generally all interest 
payments made by paying agents acting out of Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland will be 
subject to Swiss withholding tax, including any such interest payments made on bonds issued by entities 
organized in a jurisdiction outside Switzerland. The results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 
2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 11 September 2020, the Swiss Federal Council decided to 
prepare a new draft on the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss 
withholding tax on interest payments on bonds for submission to the Swiss Federal Parliament in the first 
half of 2021. If nevertheless a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted as contemplated by the 
consultation draft published on 3 April 2020 and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss 
withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of a Note by any person in Switzerland other than the 
Issuer, the holder would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or 
withholding under the Terms of the Notes. 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the EU on the international automatic exchange 
of information ("AEOI") in tax matters, which applies to all EU member states. In addition, Switzerland 
signed the multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account 
information ("MCAA"), and a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries, most of them on 
the basis of the MCAA. Based on these agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland 
collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, held in, and income derived thereon and credited 
to, accounts or deposits (including Notes held in such accounts or deposits) with a paying agent in 
Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in a EU member state or in another treaty state. An up-
to-date list of the AEOI agreements to which Switzerland is a party that are in effect, or signed but not yet 
in effect, can be found on the website of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters SIF. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)

--- Page 227 ---
227 
The United States and Switzerland entered into an intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S.-Switzerland 
IGA") to facilitate the implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"). 
Under the U.S.-Switzerland IGA, financial institutions acting out of Switzerland generally are directed to 
become participating foreign financial institutions ("FFIs"). The U.S.-Switzerland IGA ensures that 
accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions (including accounts in which Notes are held) 
are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group 
requests within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between 
the United States and Switzerland (the Treaty). The Treaty, as amended in 2019, includes a mechanism for 
the exchange of information in tax matters upon request between Switzerland and the United States, which 
is in line with international standards, and allows the United States to make group requests under FATCA 
concerning non-consenting U.S. accounts and non-consenting non-participating foreign financial 
institutions for periods from 30 June 2014. Furthermore, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate 
for negotiations with the United States on 8 October 2014, with regard to a change from the current direct-
notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities. It is not yet known when 
negotiations will continue and if and when any new regime would come into force. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. BNG Bank is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Instruments, under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, such withholding would 
generally not apply to payments made before the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and instruments 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the issuer). In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury 
Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers and any banks or brokers through which 
they will hold Notes as to the consequences (if any) of these rules to them. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the withholding.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
ERISA AND RETIREMENT PLAN CONSIDERATIONS
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and Section 4975 
of the Code, impose certain requirements on (a) employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of 
ERISA) that are subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) individual retirement accounts, "Keogh" plans or other 
"plans" (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) 
persons or entities whose underlying assets include, or are deemed to include "plan assets" by reason of any 
such employee benefit plan's or plan's investment therein under the U.S. Department of Labor (the "DOL") 
regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified in application by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise 
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (the foregoing (a)-(c), collectively, "Plans") 
and (d) persons who are fiduciaries with respect to Plans. In addition, plans maintained outside of the United 
States primarily for the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens ("Foreign 
Plans"), "governmental plans" (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), "church plans" (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) that have made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code (collectively, "Non-
ERISA Arrangements"), while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction 
provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, but may be subject to other U.S. federal state, 
local or non-U.S. law or regulation that contains one or more provisions that are substantially similar to 
ERISA or the Code ("Similar Law"). 
In addition to ERISA's general fiduciary standards, Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code 
prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of a Plan and persons who have specified relationships to 
the Plan, i.e., "parties in interest" as defined in Section 3(14) of ERISA) or "disqualified persons" (as 
defined in Section 4975 of the Code) (the foregoing, collectively, "parties in interest"), unless exemptive 
relief is available under an exemption issued by the DOL. Parties in interest that engage in a non-exempt 
"prohibited transaction" may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code. Any of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer, any Stabilising Manager, the 
Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party"), may be a party in interest 
with respect to many Plans. Thus, a Plan fiduciary considering an investment in the Notes (or an interest 
therein) should also consider whether such an investment might constitute or give rise to a non-exempt 
"prohibited transaction" under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. For example, the Notes may be deemed 
to represent a direct or indirect sale of property, extension of credit or furnishing of services between a 
Transaction Party and an investing Plan which would be prohibited if the Transaction Party is a party in 
interest with respect to the Plan unless exemptive relief were available. 
In this regard, each prospective purchaser that is, or is acting on behalf of, a Plan, and proposes to purchase 
the Notes (or an interest therein), should consider the relief available under the following prohibited 
transaction class exemptions ("PTCEs"): (a) the in-house asset manager exemption ("IPAM") (PTCE 96-
23): (b) the insurance company general account exemption (PTCE 95-60): (c) the bank collective 
investment fund exemption (PTCE 91-38): (d) the insurance company pooled separate account exemption 
(PTCE 90-1): and (e) the qualified professional asset manager exemption ("QPAM") (PTCE 84-14). In 
addition, ERISA Section 408(b)(17) and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide a limited exemption for 
the purchase and sale of securities and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the 
securities nor any of its affiliates have or exercise any discretionary authority or control or render any 
investment advice with respect to the assets of any Plan involved in the transaction and provided further 
that the Plan neither pays more nor receives less than "adequate consideration" in connection with the 
transaction. The Transaction Parties make no assurance that any of these statutory or class exemptions will 
be available with respect to transactions involving the Notes.  
Each purchaser or holder of a Note (or an interest therein), and each fiduciary who causes any entity to 
purchase or hold a Note (or an interest therein), shall be deemed to have represented and warranted, on each 
day such purchaser or holder holds such a Note (or an interest therein), that unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms either: (a) it is not a Plan or a Non-ERISA Arrangement and it is not purchasing or 
holding the Note (or an interest therein) on behalf of or with the assets of any Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement; or (b) its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of such a Note (or an interest 
therein) shall not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any applicable Similar Law. 
Each purchaser or holder of any Note (or interest therein) that is a Plan will be deemed to represent, warrant 
and agree that: (a) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or 
investment advice to the Plan, or any fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Plan (a "Plan

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Fiduciary"), on which either the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to 
acquire such Note; (b) that the Transaction Parties are not otherwise acting as a fiduciary, as defined in 
Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in connection 
with the Plan's acquisition of such Note: and (c) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent 
judgment in evaluating the transaction.  
Fiduciaries of any Plan and Non-ERISA Arrangements should consult their own legal counsel before 
purchasing the Notes (or an interest therein). Each purchaser and holder of the Notes (or an interest therein) 
will have exclusive responsibility for ensuring that its purchase, holding and subsequent deposition of the 
Notes (or an interest therein) does not violate the fiduciary responsibility or "prohibited transaction" rules 
of ERISA, the Code or any applicable Similar Law. Nothing herein shall be construed as a representation 
that an investment in the Notes (or an interest therein) would meet any or all of the relevant legal 
requirements with respect to investments by, or is appropriate for, Plans or Non-ERISA Arrangements 
generally or any particular Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Additionally, neither this discussion nor 
anything in this Base Prospectus is or is intended to be investment advice directed at any purchaser or holder 
that is using plan assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, or at such purchasers or holders  generally.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Under the Programme, Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the 
Dealers. The Dealers have, in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 7 December 1993 and most 
recently amended and restated on 21 May 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement"), agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to subscribe Notes. Any such agreement will, 
inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which 
such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the maintenance of the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the applicable Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that 
Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact 
of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche 
of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be 
described in the applicable Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the 
relevant Notes will be joint and several (or several, in the case of 144A Notes) and the names and addresses 
of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been 
appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. The Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees 
and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal 
or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
BNG Bank or BNG Bank's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates have a lending relationship 
with BNG Bank and routinely hedge their credit exposure to BNG Bank consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in BNG Bank's securities, including potentially the Notes of any Series. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes of such Series. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to their clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments, which may include the Notes 
of any Series. 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or

--- Page 231 ---
231 
publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out below) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws 
and the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States, or to or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state 
securities laws, or pursuant to an effective registration statement. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the series of Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, other than pursuant to Rule 144A or in offshore transactions 
pursuant to Regulation S, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with Rule 144A or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that any other Dealer may directly or through its respective agents or 
affiliates arrange for the resale of Restricted Registered Notes in the United States only to qualified 
institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Bearer Notes with a term of more than 365 days (taking into account any unilateral extension or rollover 
rights) will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the rules in such regulations for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code (the "D Rules"), unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the rules in such regulations for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code (the "C Rules"). 
In respect of Bearer Notes issued or to be issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree) that: 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States or 
its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware

--- Page 232 ---
232 
that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D 
Rules; 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Bearer Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and, if such Dealer retains Bearer 
Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) or any successor provision for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code;  
with respect to each affiliate (if any) that acquires from such Dealer Bearer Notes for the purposes 
of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) hereby 
represents and agrees on behalf of such affiliate (if any) to the effect set forth in sub-paragraphs 
(a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph or (ii) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate (if any) for the 
benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and 
(c) of this paragraph; and 
with respect to any person other than its affiliate with whom a Dealer enters into a written contract, 
as defined in U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4) or any successor provision for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code, for the offer and sale of Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer 
has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
undertake that it will obtain from such person for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, 
warranties and undertakings contained in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above. 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
Notes issued pursuant to the D Rules and any receipts or coupons appertaining thereto will bear the 
following legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
Where the C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in relation to any issue 
of Bearer Notes, such Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in 
connection with their original issuance. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each 
additional Dealer appointed under the programme will be required to represent and agree) in respect of such 
Notes that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
such Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance. Further, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree) in connection with the original issuance of such Bearer Notes, that it has 
not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such 
Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the 
U.S. office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of Bearer Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangements with respect to the distribution 
or delivery of Notes except with its affiliates (if any) or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors' 
as ‘Applicable’, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 233 ---
233 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors' 
as 'Not Applicable', in relation to each member state of the EEA ("Member State"), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ADDRESSING ADDITIONAL SECURITIES LAWS  
UNITED KINGDOM 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 234 ---
234 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(B) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) at any time to fewer than 150 persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offeror 
(C) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in 4.2(a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means  Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a)
No deposit-taking: In relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:

--- Page 235 ---
235 
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended ("FSMA") received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or in the case of the Issuer would not, 
if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
THE NETHERLANDS 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation 
of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam, the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam 
N.V. admitted in a function on one or more markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam 
N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake Spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 
1985 (as amended). No such mediation is required in respect of (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance 
of rights representing an interest in a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, (b) the transfer and 
acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a 
business or profession, (c) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first 
holders thereof, or (d) the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the 
Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in the 
Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside the Netherlands 
and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or immediately 
thereafter. In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in 
relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, in 
addition thereto, if such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded 
between professional borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of 2 February 1987, 
attached to the Royal Decree of 11 March 1987, (Staatsblad 129) (as amended), each transfer and 
acceptance should be recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the 
transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Notes. For purposes of 
this paragraph, "Zero Coupon Notes" means Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for 
a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever. 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale 
or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be:

--- Page 236 ---
236 
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and 
regulations;  
(ii)
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended from time to time); and 
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100bis of the 
Italian Financial Services Act, where applicable) or requirement imposed by CONSOB or any 
other Italian authority. 
FRANCE 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes 
in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code
monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or 
cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes. 
BELGIUM 
Other than in respect of Notes for which 'Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers' is specified as 'Not 
Applicable' in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, 
sold or delivered and will not advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian 
Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian 
Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), 
being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her 
trade, business or profession. 
SPAIN 
Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
the Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in 
Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without 
complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the 
Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
JAPAN

--- Page 237 ---
237 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold, or will offer or 
sell, any of the Notes directly or indirectly within the People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not 
including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan (the "PRC")). This Base 
Prospectus, the Notes and any material or information contained or incorporated by reference therein in 
relation to the Notes have not been, and will not be, submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with 
any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC pursuant to relevant laws and regulations and thus may 
not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of 
the Notes in the PRC. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any material or information contained or 
incorporated by reference therein constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the 
Notes of the type being offered or sold.  PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant government 
approvals, licences, verification and/or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental 
authorities, including, but not limited to the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, and/or other relevant 
regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, all 
relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
HONG KONG 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, 
by means of any document, any Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which 
do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and(ii) it has not issued or had in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, 
whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which 
is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except 
if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
SINGAPORE 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted, 
acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to

--- Page 238 ---
238 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, 
prior to making any offering of Notes, the Issuer shall make a determination in relation to each issue of 
Notes, and notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), whether the Notes are 
either 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) or capital markets 
products other than 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018.
CANADA 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

--- Page 239 ---
239

--- Page 240 ---
240 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Bearer Notes or Unrestricted Registered Notes offered and sold outside the United States 
pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of 
the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that:  
(i)
it is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and:  
(a)
it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S); and  
(b)
it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(ii)
it understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), it 
will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except: 
(a)
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or  
(b)
to the Issuer; or 
(c)
in the case of Unrestricted Registered Notes only, in accordance with Rule 144A to a 
person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing 
for its own account or the account of one or more QIBs;  
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; 
and 
(iii)
either (A) it is not, it is not acting on behalf of, and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest 
therein), it will not be (i) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to 
Title I of ERISA, (ii) an individual retirement account "Keogh" plan or other "plan" (as defined in 
Section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) that is 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code (iii) a person or entity whose underlying assets include, or are 
deemed to include "plan assets" by reason of any such employee benefit plan's or plan's or 
arrangement's investment therein under the U.S. Department of Labor regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 
2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code (the foregoing (i)-(iii), "Plans") or (iv) a plan maintained outside of 
the United States primarily for the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident 
aliens, "governmental plan" (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), "church plan" (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) that has made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code or non-U.S. 
plan (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (collectively, "Non-ERISA Arrangements") that 
is not subject to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and that is subject to other U.S. federal, state, local or non-
U.S. law or regulation that contains one or more provisions that are substantially similar to the 
foregoing provisions of ERISA or the Code ("Similar Law"), or (B) its acquisition, holding and 
subsequent disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-
exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a 
violation of any applicable Similar Law;  
(iv)
if it is a Plan, (A) none of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer, any Stabilising Manager, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") has provided

--- Page 241 ---
241 
any investment recommendation or investment advice to it, or any fiduciary or other person 
investing on behalf of it (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on which either it or the Plan Fiduciary has relied 
in connection with the decision to acquire such Note, (B) the Transaction Parties and their affiliates 
are not otherwise acting as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) 
of the Code, to it or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with its acquisition of such Note, and (C) the 
Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction; 
(v)
neither this discussion nor anything in this Base Prospectus is or is intended to be investment 
advice directed at any purchaser or holder that is using plan assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement, or at such purchasers or holders generally; and 
(vi)
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrars, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements 
and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no 
longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer. 
On or prior to the fortieth day after the relevant issue date, Notes represented by an interest in an 
Unrestricted Global Note Certificate may be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the 
form of an interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate only upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a 
written certification from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is a QIB, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. After such fortieth day, 
such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers, but such transfers will continue to be 
subject to the transfer restrictions contained in the legend appearing on the face of such Global Note 
Certificate, as described above under "Forms of the Notes". 
Notes represented by an interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate may also be transferred to a person 
who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate, but 
only upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a written certification from the transferor to the effect that 
such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144 (if available) under the Securities 
Act. 
Any interest in a Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate that is transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate 
will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in a Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate 
and become an interest in a Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate and, accordingly, will 
thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to Notes represented by a 
Restricted Global Note Certificate. 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Registered Notes in reliance on Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of this Base 
Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows (terms used in the 
following paragraphs that are defined in Rule 144A have the respective meanings given to them in Rule 
144A): 
(i)
the purchaser is (a) a QIB, (b) acquiring the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs, (c) not formed for the purpose of investing in the Notes or the Issuer and (d) aware, 
and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised that the sale of the Notes to it is being 
made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(ii)
the purchaser understands that (1) the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in 
accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably 
believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, (b) in an 
offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, (c) pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if 
available), (d) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or (e) to the

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Issuer or any of its affiliates, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States and (2) it will, and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Registered 
Notes is required to, notify any purchaser of the Restricted Registered Notes from it of the resale 
restrictions applicable to the Restricted Registered Notes;  
(iii)
either (A) it is not, it is not acting on behalf of, and for so long as it holds a Note (or an interest 
therein), it will not be (i) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to 
Title I of ERISA, (ii) an individual retirement account, "Keogh" plan or other "plan" (as defined 
in Section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) that 
is subject to Section 4975 of the Code (iii) a person or entity whose underlying assets include, or 
are deemed to include, "plan assets" by reason of any such employee benefit plan's or plan's 
investment therein under the U.S. Department of Labor regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code (the foregoing (i)-(iii) collectively, "Plans") or (iv) a plan maintained outside of 
the United States primarily for the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident 
aliens, "governmental plan" (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), "church plan" (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) that has made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code or non-U.S. 
plan (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (collectively, "Non-ERISA Arrangements") that 
is not subject to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and that is subject to other U.S. federal, state, local or non-
U.S. law or regulation that contains one or more provisions that are substantially similar to the 
foregoing provisions ERISA or the Code ("Similar Law"), or (B) its acquisition, holding and 
subsequent disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-
exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a 
violation of any applicable Similar Law; 
(iv)
if it is a Plan, (A) none of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer, any Stabilising Manager, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") has provided 
any investment recommendation or investment advice to it, or any fiduciary or other person 
investing on behalf of it (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on which either it or the Plan Fiduciary has relied 
in connection with the decision to acquire such Note, (B) the Transaction Parties and their affiliates 
are not otherwise acting as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) 
of the Code, to it or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with its acquisition of such Note, and (C) the 
Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction; 
(v)
neither this discussion nor anything in this Base Prospectus is or is intended to be investment 
advice directed at any purchaser or holder that is using plan assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement, or at such purchasers or holders generally; 
(vi)
the purchaser understands that the Restricted Global Note Certificate and any restricted Individual 
Note Certificate (a "Restricted Individual Note Certificate") will bear a legend to the following 
effect, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with applicable law: 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT 
IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; 
(B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ISSUING AND PAYING 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE ISSUE 
DATE AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS 
THE OWNER OF SUCH NOTES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A

--- Page 243 ---
243 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) 
IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
HEREBY ARE TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS NOTE CERTIFICATE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE ISSUING AND PAYING AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) 
MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY SENT TO 
THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY TO 
REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
HEREBY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE 
AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE 
CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THE 
NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFORE, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY (OR ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH  DAY SUCH PURCHASER AND HOLDER HOLDS 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THAT EITHER A) IT IS 
NOT, IT IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS A NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST THEREIN), IT WILL NOT BE (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED ("ERISA")) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) AN INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, "KEOGH" PLAN OR OTHER "PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
4975(e)(1) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE")) 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (III) A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE, OR ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE, "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT THEREIN 
UNDER THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (THE FOREGOING (I)-(III) COLLECTIVELY, "PLANS") OR (IV) 
A PLAN MAINTAINED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PRIMARILY FOR THE BENEFIT OF 
PERSONS SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF WHOM ARE NONRESIDENT ALIENS, "GOVERNMENTAL 
PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA), "CHURCH PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
3(33) OF ERISA) THAT HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR 
NON-U.S. PLAN (AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA) (COLLECTIVELY, "NON-
ERISA ARRANGEMENTS") THAT IS NOT SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE AND THAT IS SUBJECT TO OTHER U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS ERISA OR THE CODE 
("SIMILAR LAW"), OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF 
SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT "PROHIBITED TRANSACTION" UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW. 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) THAT IS A 
PLAN WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (I) NONE OF THE 
ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, ANY DEALER, ANY STABILISING MANAGER, THE CALCULATION

--- Page 244 ---
244 
AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A "TRANSACTION PARTY") 
HAS PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE 
PLAN, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF OF THE PLAN (A 
"PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE PLAN OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH NOTE, (II) THE TRANSACTION 
PARTIES AND THEIR AFFILIATES ARE NOT OTHERWISE ACTING AS A FIDUCIARY, AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE PLAN 
OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLAN'S ACQUISITION OF SUCH NOTE, 
AND (III) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. 
(vii)
if it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more QIBs the purchaser represents that it has 
sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account; and 
(viii)
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrars, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements 
and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no 
longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Note Certificate or a Restricted 
Individual Note Certificate, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the Issuer will deliver only 
a Restricted Global Note Certificate or one or more Restricted Individual Note Certificates that bear such 
legend or will refuse to remove such legend, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the relevant Registrar 
such satisfactory evidence (which may include a legal opinion) as may reasonably be required by the Issuer 
that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance 
with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Any interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the 
form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in 
a Restricted Global Note Certificate and become an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate and, 
accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to an 
interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate. 
Prospective purchasers who are QIBs are hereby notified that sellers of the Restricted Registered Notes 
may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 
144A.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1.
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Executive Board of the Issuer on 29 
November 1993, pursuant to the authorisation of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer of 12 
November 1993. Increases of the size of the Programme were, pursuant to authorisation of the 
Supervisory Board, duly authorised by resolutions by the Executive Board dated 19 July 1995, 25 
March 1996, 7 July 1997, 10 February 1998, 7 September 1998, 21 December 1998, 2 December 
2002, 1 December 2003, 11 March 2008, 18 October 2011, 28 April 2015 and 7 March 2016. On 
28 June 2010, the Executive Board, pursuant to the authorisation of the Supervisory Board of 25 
June 2010, resolved to update the Programme and to issue Notes, which may be offered in 
accordance with Rule 144A and Regulation S, in order to enable BNG Bank to offer securities to 
qualified institutional buyers (as defined under Rule 144A) inside the United States and to 
investors outside the United States under the Programme without registration under the Securities 
Act. On 22 April 2021, the Executive Committee, pursuant to the authorisation of the Supervisory 
Board of 22 April 2021, resolved to update the Programme and to issue Notes under the 
Programme. 
2.
There are not and have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 
months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken 
as a whole. 
3.
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor has there been any 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or its subsidiaries, 
taken as a whole, which has occurred since 31 December 2020. 
4.
Application may be made to list Notes on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. A notice relating to the issue (Notice Légale) as well as the Articles of Association 
(statuten) of the Issuer will be lodged with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés à 
Luxembourg where such documents may be examined and copies obtained. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange has allocated to the Programme no. 2286 for listing purposes. 
5.
Application may be made to list Notes on Euronext in Amsterdam, the regulated market of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. and on SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
6.
The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited since 2016 by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V. ("PwC"), chartered accountants (registeraccountants), and an unqualified 
opinion has been reported thereon. PwC is located at Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The individual auditors of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants 
N.V. are members of the NBA, the Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants, the Dutch 
accountants board. 
The auditor's reports in respect of the financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 (incorporated by reference) are incorporated herein in 
the form and context in which they appear with the consent of PwC, who has authorised the 
inclusion of these auditor's reports. 
7.
For the life of the Base Prospectus and for so long as any Notes are outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected to the extent 
available 
at 
the 
investor 
relation 
section 
of 
the 
website 
of 
BNG 
Bank, 
https://www.bngbank.com/funding/issuance-programmes or alternatively during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Paying Agents in Amsterdam, London and Luxembourg, and 
be obtained free of charge, namely:  
the Deed of Incorporation and the Articles of Association (statuten) of the Issuer; 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement (as amended);

--- Page 246 ---
246 
the audited financial statements for the three financial years preceding the date of the 
Base Prospectus and the latest audited financial statements and unaudited semi-annual 
financial statements of the Issuer; 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any further prospectus or prospectus supplement 
prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of updating or amending any information contained 
herein or therein; 
each Final Terms in relation to listed issues of Notes; and 
any press releases that are published in relation to the Issuer or to issues of Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
8.
The Issuer has no patents, licenses or agreements which are of significance to its business activities 
or its profit. 
9.
The price and amount of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. The issue price will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
10.
The appropriate Common Code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), CUSIP, 
Financial Short Name (FISN), Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code or Valor (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Series will be contained in the applicable Final Terms. 
11.
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Code of the Issuer is 529900GGYMNGRQTDOO93. 
12.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
ISSUER 
BNG Bank N.V.
Koninginnegracht 2 
2514 AA The Hague 
The Netherlands 
ARRANGER 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
England 
PRINCIPAL DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Bank of Montreal, Europe plc 
6th Floor, 2 Harbourmaster Place 
International Financial Services Centre 
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
Bank of Montreal, London Branch 
95 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4 4HG 
England 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland
BNG Bank N.V.
Koninginnegracht 2 
2514 AA The Hague 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
England 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France

--- Page 248 ---
248 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Norddeutsche Landesbank - Girozentrale - 
Friedrichswall 10 
30159 Hanover 
Germany
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
Brookfield Place 
200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor 
New York 
NY 10281-8908 
United States
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
England 
Scotiabank (Ireland) Designated Activity 
Company 
IFSC House 
Custom House Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussman 
75009 Paris 
France
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
5th Floor 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 D02 RF29 
Ireland
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany
SWISS DEALERS 
BNP Paribas (Suisse) SA 
2, place de Hollande 
1204 Geneva 
Switzerland 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main, Zurich Branch 
Uraniastrasse 9 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
U.S. REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT

--- Page 249 ---
249 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
England 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
60 Wall Street, 24th Floor 
Mail Stop: NYC60-2407 
New York, NY 10005 
USA 
NON-U.S. PAYING AND TRANSFER 
AGENT 
NON-U.S. REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENT 
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
As to U.S. law and Dutch Law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers 
As to U.S. law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
England 
To the Dealers 
As to Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
IJsbaanpad 2 
1076 CV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
AUDITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.  
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
EMEA2: 20911045