--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 1 JULY 2022 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
(incorporated in France) 
(as Issuer) 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under this euro medium term note programme (the "Programme"), BNP Paribas1 ("BNPP", the 
"Bank" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue Notes in bearer or registered form (respectively, 
"Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes" and, together, the "Notes") denominated in any currency 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). This Base Prospectus ("Base 
Prospectus" or "this Document") supersedes and replaces all previous offering circulars or 
prospectuses prepared in connection with the Programme. Any Notes (as defined below) issued 
under the Programme on or after the date of this Document are issued subject to the provisions 
described herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue. This Base Prospectus constitutes 
a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended. Notes may be issued 
whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Notes and/or their redemption 
amount) is linked to one or more indices including custom indices ("Index Linked Notes") or one or 
more shares of any company(ies) (including two or more shares which are attached to each other 
so that they trade as a single unit ("Stapled Shares"), global depositary receipts and/or American 
depositary receipts) ("Share Linked Notes") or one or more inflation indices ("Inflation Linked 
Notes") or one or more commodities or commodity indices ("Commodity Linked Notes") or one or 
more interests or units in funds or one or more fund indices or euro fund insurance or investment 
policies or capitalisation contracts ("Fund Linked Notes") or the credit of a specified entity or entities 
("Credit Linked Notes") or one or more fund shares or interests in exchange traded funds, 
exchange traded notes, exchange traded commodities or other exchange traded products (each an 
"exchange traded instrument") ("ETI Linked Notes") or one or more foreign exchange rates 
("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes") or one or more underlying interest rate 
("Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes") or any combination thereof ("Hybrid Notes") as more 
fully described herein. Notes may provide that settlement will by way of cash settlement ("Cash 
Settled Notes") or physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Notes") as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Notes will be issued to one or more of the Dealers specified below (each a "Dealer" and together 
the "Dealers", which expression shall include any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time) on a continuing basis by way of private or syndicated placements. 
The Issuer has determined and agreed with the Dealers to remove the limit on the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes may be governed by English law or French law, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and the corresponding provisions in the terms and conditions will apply to such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus received approval no. 22-263 on 1 July 2022 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") and will be valid for a period of one year following the date of its approval by 
the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the AMF in France as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
                                                     
1  
Which for the avoidance of doubt only refers to BNP Paribas S.A. and not the Group

--- Page 2 ---
2 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the AMF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
Upon such approval, application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme during a 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and/or admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or a Regulated Market (as defined below) in another Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (each such regulated market being a 
"Regulated Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
or, as the case may be, a Regulated Market (including the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (including the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange)) or the Euro MTF exchange regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(the "Euro MTF Market") (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF) or on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. The relevant final terms (the forms of each contained herein) 
in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to trading, 
and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market or other or further stock exchange(s). Except in certain 
specified circumstances the specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in a set of final terms to 
this Base Prospectus which is the final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be completed 
at the time of the agreement to issue each Tranche of Notes and (other than in the case of Exempt 
Notes) which will constitute final terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
which will be filed with the AMF.  This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
websites 
(www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in 
the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") only applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK 
regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") 
("UK MiFIR") and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. 
The Issuer may issue Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under (i) the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), as the case may be 
("Exempt Notes") under this Base Prospectus. See "Exempt Notes" in the "Overview of this Base 
Prospectus" section below. The AMF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in 
this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. Canadian dollar denominated Notes settling 
and clearing through CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS", and such Notes 
"Canadian Notes") may be issued as Exempt Notes only. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S") and, until the expiry of the 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
of the Notes of the relevant Tranche, may not be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. See "Subscription and Sale – Selling Restrictions – United States".

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in accordance with the Luxembourg 
Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (Loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs 
mobilières) (the "Prospectus Act") for Notes (including Exempt Notes) issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market during 
the twelve-month period from the date of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus also 
constitutes a prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Act; however, the AMF has not verified 
that this is the case. The Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
BNPP's long-term credit ratings are A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("Standard & Poor's")), Aa3 with a stable outlook (Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's")), 
AA- with a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")) (which is the long-term rating 
assigned to BNPP's senior preferred debt by Fitch) and AA (low) with a stable outlook (DBRS Rating 
GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar")) and BNPP's short-term credit ratings are A-1 (Standard & Poor's), 
P-1 (Moody's), F1+ (Fitch) and R-1 (middle) (DBRS Morningstar). BNPP's Tier 2 instruments ratings 
are BBB+ (Standard & Poor's), Baa2 (Moody's), A- (Fitch) and A (DBRS Morningstar). BNPP's Non 
Preferred Senior debt ratings are A- (Standard & Poor's), Baa1 (Moody's), A+ (Fitch) and A (high) 
(DBRS Morningstar). Each of Standard & Poor's, Fitch and DBRS Morningstar is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"). The ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's France SAS 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Moody's France SAS is established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such each of Standard & Poor's, Fitch, DBRS 
Morningstar and Moody's France SAS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Moody's is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody's is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website (https://register.fca.org.uk) in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. None of Standard & Poor's, Fitch or DBRS Morningstar 
are established in the United Kingdom, but each is part of a group in respect of which one of its 
undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor's, Fitch and DBRS Morningstar 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Overview of the BRRD and its Implication for the Notes 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each holder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound 
by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the relevant resolution authority. 
Please also refer to the "Risks" section and the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
1. 
What is the BRRD? 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU), as amended ("BRRD") requires 
the governments of all EU member states to provide their relevant resolution authorities with a 
set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to 
ensure the continuity of that institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of that institution's failure on the broader economy and financial system. 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
(Regulation 806/2014) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms, have been published on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of 
the European Union. They amend a number of key EU banking directives and regulations, 
including the BRRD, the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms ("CRD IV"), the Regulation 2013/575 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms ("CRR"), and the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers (the "Resolution Tools") which may be 
used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
affected institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such affected institution within 
a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business 
– which enables the relevant resolution authorities to direct the sale of the affected institution 
or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables 
the relevant resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the affected institution 
to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control); (iii) asset separation – which enables the relevant resolution authorities to transfer 
impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow 
them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly 
wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) Bail-In Power 
(as defined in paragraph 3 below). 
It is important to note that protections are granted to the creditors of an EU bank in case of the 
exercise of a Resolution Tool over such bank. The most important one is the principle known 
as the "no creditor worse off principle" as specified in the BRRD. This principle is intended to 
ensure that the creditors of a bank which is subject to the exercise of any Resolution Tool under 
the BRRD shall not incur greater losses than they would have incurred if such affected bank 
had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings. For this purpose, the relevant 
resolution authorities have to ensure that it is assessed at the time of exercise of any Resolution 
Tool whether shareholders and creditors of an affected bank would have received better 
treatment if such affected bank had entered into normal insolvency proceedings. The BRRD 
has been implemented in France through Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 
relating to the resolution regime in the banking sector (the "Ordinance"). In particular, the 
Ordinance has implemented Article 48(7) of BRRD which requires Member States to modify 
their national insolvency law to ensure that claims resulting from funds rank in insolvency below 
any other claims that do not result from own funds as defined by the CRR (the "Own Funds"). 
The transposition of this provision by the Ordinance has modified the rules governing the order 
of creditors' claims applicable to French credit institutions in insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer issued before the 
entry into force of those provisions will keep their contractual ranking if they are, or have been, 
fully or partially recognized as Own Funds. 
A new article L.613-30-3, I, 5° of the French Code monétaire et financier states that, as from 
28 December 2020, it should not be possible for liabilities of a credit institution that are not Own 
Funds to rank pari passu with Own Funds. 
Therefore, a new rank within subordinated obligations has been created for subordinated 
obligations or deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer, issued as from 28 December 2020 
if and when they completely cease to constitute tier 2 capital or additional tier 1 capital 
instruments of the Issuer. They will rank in priority to tier 2 capital instruments and additional 
tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer in order to comply with article L.613-30-3, I, 5° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
Consequently, 
(i) 
as long as subordinated obligations are recognised as tier 2 capital instruments, they 
will rank as tier 2 capital instruments, and, if they are no longer recognised as tier 2 
capital instruments, they will automatically rank as "Disqualified Subordinated 
Obligations"; and 
(ii) 
as long as deeply subordinated obligations are recognised as additional tier 1 capital 
instruments, they will rank as additional tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer, and, if 
they are no longer recognised as additional tier 1 capital instruments, they will 
automatically rank as disqualified additional tier 1 obligations and will rank pari passu 
with the Disqualified Subordinated Obligations; 
without any action from the Issuer and without obtaining the consent of the creditors of 
subordinated obligations or any other obligations. 
All subordinated obligations or deeply subordinated obligations granted by the Issuer prior to 
the date of entry into force of the Ordinance that are, or have been, fully or partially recognised 
as Own Funds of the Issuer, rank and as long as they are outstanding will rank as tier 2 capital 
instruments or additional tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer as the case may be, in 
accordance with their contractual terms. 
2. 
Is the Issuer subject to the BRRD? 
Yes, the Issuer is a credit institution incorporated in France and is subject to the BRRD and the 
French legislation having implemented the BRRD, and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as 
amended. 
Under French legislation having implemented the BRRD, substantial powers are granted to the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR"), the French resolution authority, 
and/or to other relevant resolution authorities in the EU, to implement resolution measures in 
respect of a French credit institution (including, for example, the Issuer) and certain of its 
affiliates (each a "relevant entity") to protect and enhance the stability of the financial system 
if the relevant French resolution authorities consider the failure of the relevant entity has 
become likely and certain other conditions are satisfied including the use of the Resolution 
Tools. 
The exercise of any Resolution Tool or any suggestion of any such exercise under the BRRD 
over the Issuer could adversely affect the value of the Notes. You may therefore lose all or a 
substantial part of your investment in the Notes. 
In addition, the resolution powers could be exercised (i) prior to the commencement of any 
insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, and (ii) by the relevant French resolution 
authority without your consent or any prior notice to you. Accordingly, you may not be able to 
anticipate a potential exercise of any such resolution powers over the Issuer. 
3. 
What is "Bail-In Power"? 
"Bail-In Power" means the power of the relevant resolution authority to write down or convert 
to equity certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution. In particular, the obligations

--- Page 6 ---
6 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, modified, 
or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person. 
In addition, capital instruments may be written down or converted into shares or other 
instruments of ownership either in connection with a resolution proceeding, or in certain other 
cases described below without or prior to a resolution proceeding. Capital instruments for these 
purposes include common equity tier 1, additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments, such as the 
Subordinated Notes. 
The relevant resolution authority must write down capital instruments, or convert them into 
shares or other instruments of ownership in any of the following circumstances (the so called 
"point of non-viability"): 
(i) 
where the determination has been made that conditions for resolution have been met, 
before any resolution action is taken; 
(ii) 
the appropriate authority determines that unless that power is exercised in relation to 
the relevant capital instruments, the institution or the group will no longer be viable; or 
(iii) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution, except in certain 
circumstances. 
4. 
Are the Issuer's obligations under the Notes subject to the "Bail-In Power"? 
If any Bail-In Power is exercised with respect to the Notes, you may not be able to recover all 
or even part of the amount due under the Notes from the Issuer, or you may receive a different 
security issued by the Issuer (or another person) in place of the amount (if any) due to you 
under the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the amount due to you under the 
Notes at expiry. 
The effect of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the relevant French resolution authority over 
the Issuer may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts payable by the Issuer under the terms 
of the Notes (including a reduction to zero); 
 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the Notes into shares or 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or of another person, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the contractual terms, in which 
case you agree to accept in lieu of your contractual rights under the terms of the Notes 
any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and/or 
 
if applicable, the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary to give effect to the 
exercise of the Bail-In Power by the relevant resolution authority. 
New article L. 613-56-9 of the French Code monétaire et financier specifies new conditions for 
contractual recognition of the Bail-in Power. Any financial contract entered into by an entity 
referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the French Code monétaire et financier that creates 
a new obligation or substantially modifies an existing obligation as from 28 December 2020 and 
which is governed by the law of a third country shall include a clause specifying that the parties 
acknowledge that such obligation may be subject to the exercise by the relevant resolution 
authority of the Bail-In Power as if the contract was governed by the law of a Member State. 
Accordingly, if any Bail-In Power is exercised over the Issuer with respect to Notes, you 
may not be able to recover all or even part of the amount due under the Notes, or you 
may receive a different security issued by the Issuer (or another person) in place of the 
amount (if any) due to you under the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than 
the amount due to you under the Notes at expiry.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
In addition, the exercise of the Resolution Tools may also result, after any transfer of all 
or part of the Issuer's business or separation of any of its assets, in the Noteholders 
(even in the absence of any such write down or conversion) being left as the creditors 
of the Issuer, whose remaining business or assets is insufficient to support the claims 
of all or any of the creditors of the Issuer (including the Noteholders). 
There are significant risks inherent in the holding of the Notes, including the risks in 
relation to their subordination, the circumstances in which the Notes may be written 
down or converted to ordinary shares and the implications on prospective purchasers 
of Notes (such as a substantial loss), the circumstances in which such prospective 
purchasers may suffer loss as a result of holding the Notes are difficult to predict and 
the quantum of any loss incurred by investors in the Notes in such circumstances is 
also highly uncertain. For more information, please also refer to the "Risks" section of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Disclaimer statement for Notes 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents must be in registered form and must only be marketed to existing 
account holders and accredited investors as defined by the CBB (as defined below) in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$ 100,000 or any equivalent 
amount in other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This offer does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of Article (81) of 
the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB"). Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related 
document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to 
accredited investors for an offer outside Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be marketed for investment, whether in 
or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this document and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
contents of this document. 
No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must 
be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public 
generally. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under 
the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Guidance under the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA") circular - In October 2018, the 
HKMA issued a circular regarding enhanced investor protection measures on the sale and distribution 
of debt instruments with loss-absorption features and related products (the "HKMA Circular"). Under 
the HKMA Circular, debt instruments with loss-absorption features, being subject to the risk of being 
written-down or converted to ordinary shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose 
returns are closely linked to the performance of such instruments (together, "Loss-Absorption 
Products"), are to be targeted in Hong Kong at professional investors (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and its subsidiary legislation, "Professional 
Investors") only. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme contain loss-absorption features and may be

--- Page 8 ---
8 
considered Loss-Absorption Products under the HKMA Circular. Investors in Hong Kong should not 
purchase such Notes with loss-absorption features unless they are Professional Investors and 
understand the risks involved. Such Notes are generally not suitable for retail investors in Hong 
Kong in either the primary or the secondary markets. 
Notice to Canadian Purchasers of Notes other than Canadian Notes 
Prospective Canadian purchasers of Notes are advised that the information contained within this Base 
Prospectus has not been prepared with regard to matters that may be of particular concern to Canadian 
purchasers. Accordingly, prospective Canadian purchasers of Notes should consult with their own legal, 
financial and tax advisers concerning the information contained within the Base Prospectus and as to 
the suitability of an investment in the Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Canadian purchaser 
with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the Canadian purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the Canadian 
purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the Canadian purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
Prospective Canadian purchasers are hereby notified that: (a) any of the Issuer or the Dealers may be 
required to provide personal information pertaining to any Canadian purchaser as required to be 
disclosed in Schedule 1 of Form 45-106F1 under National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 
("NI45-106") (including the Canadian purchaser's name, address, telephone number and the aggregate 
purchase price of any Notes purchased) ("personal information"), which Form 45-106F1 may be 
required to be filed under NI 45-106, (b) such personal information may be delivered to the Ontario 
Securities Commission ("OSC") and/or other applicable securities regulators in accordance with NI 45-
106, (c) such personal information is collected indirectly by the OSC and other applicable Canadian 
securities regulators under the authority granted under the securities legislation of Ontario and other 
applicable Canadian securities laws, (d) such personal information is collected for the purposes of the 
administration and enforcement of the securities legislation of the relevant Canadian jurisdiction, and 
(e) the contact information in each local Canadian jurisdiction for questions about the collection of such 
personal information as at the date of the Base Prospectus is as follows: 
 
Ontario Securities Commission 
20 Queen Street West, 22nd Floor 
Toronto, Ontario  M5H 3S8 
Telephone: (416) 593- 8314 
Toll free in Canada: 1-877-785-1555 
Facsimile: (416) 593-8122 
Email: exemptmarketfilings@osc.gov.on.ca 
Public official contact regarding indirect 
collection of information: Inquiries Officer 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
800, Square Victoria, 22e étage 
C.P.  246, Tour de la Bourse 
Montréal, Québec  H4Z 1G3 
Telephone: (514) 395-0337 or 1-877-525-0337 
Facsimile: (514) 864-6381 (For privacy 
requests only) 
Email: financementdessocietes@lautorite.qc.ca 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: Corporate Secretary 
 
Alberta Securities Commission 
Suite 600, 250 - 5th Street SW 
Calgary, Alberta  T2P 0R4 
Telephone: (403) 297-6454 
Toll free in Canada: 1-877-355-0585 
Facsimile: (403) 297-2082 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: FOIP Coordinator 
British Columbia Securities Commission 
P.O.  Box 10142, Pacific Centre 
701 West Georgia Street 
Vancouver, British Columbia  V7Y 1L2 
Inquiries: (604) 899-6581 
Toll free in Canada: 1-800-373-6393 
Facsimile: (604) 899-6581 
Attention: FOI Inquiries 
Email: FOI-privacy@bcsc.bc.ca 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: FOI Inquiries

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of 
Saskatchewan 
Suite 601 - 1919 Saskatchewan Drive 
Regina, Saskatchewan  S4P 4H2 
Telephone: (306) 787-5879 
Facsimile: (306) 787-5899 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: Director 
 
The Manitoba Securities Commission 
500 - 400 St. Mary Avenue 
Winnipeg, Manitoba  R3C 4K5 
Telephone: (204) 945-2548 
Toll free in Manitoba 1-800-655-5244 
Facsimile: (204) 945-0330 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: Director 
 
Nova Scotia Securities Commission 
Suite 400, 5251 Duke Street 
Duke Tower 
P.O.  Box 458 
Halifax, Nova Scotia  B3J 2P8 
Telephone: (902) 424-7768 
Facsimile: (902) 424-4625 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: Executive Director 
Financial and Consumer Services 
Commission (New Brunswick) 
85 Charlotte Street, Suite 300 
Saint John, New Brunswick  E2L 2J2 
Telephone: (506) 658-3060 
Toll free in Canada: 1-866-933-2222 
Facsimile: (506) 658-3059 
Email: info@fcnb.ca 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: Chief Executive Officer and Privacy 
Officer 
 
Each prospective Canadian purchaser that purchases any Notes will be deemed to have authorised the 
indirect collection of the personal information by the OSC and/or other applicable Canadian provincial 
securities regulators, and to have acknowledged and consented to its name, address, telephone 
number and other specified information, including the aggregate purchase price paid by the Canadian 
purchaser, being disclosed to relevant Canadian securities regulatory authorities, and to have 
acknowledged that such information may become available to the public in accordance with 
requirements of applicable Canadian laws. 
Upon receipt of this Base Prospectus, each Canadian purchaser is hereby deemed to confirm that it 
has expressly requested that all documents evidencing or relating in any way to the sale of Notes 
described herein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any purchase confirmation or any notice) be 
drawn up in the English language only. Par la réception de ce document, chaque acheteur canadien 
est réputé avoir confirmé par les présentes qu'il a expressément exigé que tous les documents faisant 
foi ou se rapportant de quelque manière que ce soit à la vente des titres décrits aux présentes (incluant, 
pour éviter toute incertitude, toute confirmation d'achat ou tout avis) soient rédigés en anglais 
seulement. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as: 
(i) 
"Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared, and therefore, offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation; or 
(ii) 
"Applicable, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made 
available", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA, other 
than in those jurisdiction(s) where a key information document required pursuant to the PRIIPs 
Regulation will be made available. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared, other than in respect of the jurisdiction(s) for which a 
key information document will be made available, and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation; or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
(iii) 
"Not applicable", then the Notes may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA, provided that, where a key information document is required pursuant to 
the PRIIPs Regulation, the Notes may only be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
retail investors in the EEA in jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document has been 
made available. Consequently, if no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation, other than in 
respect of the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made available. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as: 
(i) 
"Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the "UK"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared, and therefore, offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation; or 
(ii) 
"Not applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK, 
unless a key information document required pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation will be made 
available. Therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation, unless, where a key 
information document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK, such key information document 
has been prepared and is made available. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, and in respect of a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes 
only, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant 
administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. Certain "benchmarks" may either (i) not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation or (ii) transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation may apply to certain other "benchmarks", which would otherwise 
be in scope, such that at the date of the applicable Final Terms, the administrator of the "benchmark" 
is not required to be included in the register of administrators. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance/target market assessment" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor" 
as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance/target market assessment" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Table of Contents 
 
Overview of this Base Prospectus ........................................................................................................ 16 
This section sets out a general description of the Programme, including a description of the 
Issuer and agents under the Programme, as well as a description of certain provisions relating 
to the Notes, such as a description of the different forms and types of Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
Risks ...................................................................................................................................................... 26 
This section sets out certain risks in respect of the Issuer and the Notes.   
Investment Considerations.................................................................................................................... 75 
This section sets out certain investment considerations the Issuer considers relevant to the 
Notes. 
User's guide to the Base Prospectus .................................................................................................... 97 
This section provides a guide to navigating the Base Prospectus and reading the Final Terms. 
Forward-Looking Statements .............................................................................................................. 101 
This section gives disclosure in respect of forward-looking statements in written materials and 
in oral statements relating to BNPP and the BNP Paribas Group.  
Presentation of Financial Information ................................................................................................. 101 
This section gives disclosure on the presentation of financial information and the accounting 
standards used in the preparation of BNPP's audited consolidated financial statements. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................. 102 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information in respect of the Issuer from 
other publicly available documents. It also incorporates by reference certain other specific 
documents relating to the Notes, such as terms and conditions and forms of Final Terms relating 
to Notes issued under previous base prospectuses. 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes ................................................................................ 116 
This section sets out the general terms and conditions that are applicable to all English Law 
Notes. 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes ................................................................................ 223 
This section sets out the general terms and conditions that are applicable to all French Law 
Notes. 
Annex 1 Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts ...................................................................... 314 
This Annex sets out different economic or "payout" terms in respect of different types of 
payouts, coupon rates and entitlement amounts applicable to Notes that may be issued under 
the Base Prospectus. The definitions and formulae relating to SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts and Fixed Income Coupon Rates and Payouts set out in this section will 
be completed in the applicable Final Terms.   
Annex 2 Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes..................................................... 407

--- Page 13 ---
13 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Index Linked Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to Index Linked Notes.   
Annex 3 Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes .................................................... 453 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Share Linked Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to Share Linked Notes.  
Annex 4 Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes ................................................. 479 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Inflation Linked Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to Inflation Index Linked 
Notes. 
Annex 5 Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes ........................................... 486 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Commodity Linked Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to Commodity 
Linked Notes. 
Annex 6 Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes ..................................................... 498 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Fund Linked Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to Fund Linked Notes. 
Annex 7 Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes .................................................... 518 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Credit Linked Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to Credit Linked Notes  
Annex 8 Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes ........................................................ 593 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being ETI Linked Notes in the applicable Final 
Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to ETI Linked Notes. 
Annex 9 Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes ............... 631 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes in the applicable Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes. 
Annex 10 Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes .................... 643 
This Annex applies if the Notes are specified as being Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes 
in the applicable Final Terms. It sets out the additional terms and conditions relevant to 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes.  
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................. 652 
This section describes how the Issuer will generally apply the net proceeds of each issue of 
Notes. 
Description of BNPP Indices ............................................................................................................... 653 
This section is relevant where the Notes reference a BNPP Custom Index. BNPP Custom 
Indices come from one of the fifteen index families listed in this section. 
Connected Third Party Indices ............................................................................................................ 654

--- Page 14 ---
14 
This section provides disclosure on where investors can obtain information relating to the 
performance of and the rules governing an Index which is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Connected Third Party Index.  
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................... 655 
This section provides an overview of the form in which Notes may be issued under the 
Programme.  
Clearing Systems ................................................................................................................................ 659 
This section sets out disclosure relevant to the clearing systems through which Notes may be 
cleared. 
[Form of] Final Terms .......................................................................................................................... 661 
This section provides a template of the Final Terms for non-Exempt Notes which will be 
completed with the issue specific details of the relevant Series of non-Exempt Notes. The Final 
Terms for an issue of Notes will complete the terms and conditions applicable to such Notes 
(including any additional terms and conditions).  
[Form of] Final Terms for Exempt Notes ............................................................................................. 732 
This section provides a template of the Final Terms for Exempt Notes which will be completed 
with the issue specific details of the relevant Series of Exempt Notes. The Final Terms for an 
issue of Exempt Notes will complete the terms and conditions applicable to such Exempt Notes 
(including any additional terms and conditions).  
Taxation............................................................................................................................................... 799 
This section provides a general overview of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. 
French Taxation .................................................................................................................................. 800 
This section provides an overview of certain French tax considerations relating to the Notes. 
Hong Kong Taxation ........................................................................................................................... 802 
This section provides an overview of certain Hong Kong tax considerations relating to the 
Notes. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding ................................................................................................ 804 
This section provides an overview of the U.S. withholding tax applicable to "dividend equivalent" 
payments under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ................................................................................................. 806 
This section provides an overview of the application of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act to the Notes. 
Certain Considerations for ERISA and Other Employee Benefit Plans .............................................. 807 
This section provides an overview of certain considerations relating to the application of the 
provisions of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended). 
Subscription and Sale ......................................................................................................................... 809

--- Page 15 ---
15 
This section sets out the restrictions to which offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Notes, 
or distribution of any offering material relating to any Notes are subject in various jurisdictions.  
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 821 
This section gives general information about the Issuer, the Programme and the Notes, 
including the authorisation of the Programme and the approval of the Base Prospectus and 
listing of the Notes, where investors can obtain copies of certain documents relating to the 
Issuer and the Programme, the statutory auditors of the Issuer and the clearing systems 
through which Notes may be cleared.  
Responsibility Statement ..................................................................................................................... 836 
This section sets out the responsibility statement given on behalf of BNPP that sets out its 
responsibility in respect of the contents of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 16 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
16 
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series 
(as defined below in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes") of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Subject as provided in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, any of the following (including, without limitation, the type of Notes which may 
be issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed between the Issuer, 
the relevant Dealer(s) and the Principal Paying Agent (if applicable). 
This overview constitutes a general description of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended (the 
"Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" shall have the same meaning in 
this overview: 
Issuer 
BNP PARIBAS ("BNPP" or the "Bank" and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): R0MUWSFPU8MPRO8K5P83 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under this Base Prospectus.  In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks and legal risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme, risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes and risks relating to the Underlying Reference or 
the disruption and adjustment provisions of a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  
All of these are set out under "Risks". Additional considerations associated with an investment in the 
Notes are also set out under "Investment Considerations". 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Issue Method 
Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Principal Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the date on which 
the intragroup merger with BNPP takes effect (being 1 October 2022 or such other date notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions (the "Merger Date")), will be substituted with BNP 
Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) 
Registrar 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will 
be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg)

--- Page 17 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
17 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s), 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions. 
Status of the Notes 
Notes may be issued on either a senior or a subordinated basis. 
Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
(a) 
If the Notes are "Senior Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Preferred Obligations and 
the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Obligations; 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable 
ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes 
rank: 
 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions; and 
 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
(b) 
If the Notes are "Senior Non Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non Preferred Obligations; 
(ii) 
senior to Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any 
other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred exceptions including 
Senior Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable 
ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
rank: 
 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
 
senior to any Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and 
any other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations. 
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated claims (including subordinated securities 
issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) that rank or are expressed to 
rank senior to obligations or instruments of the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated 
Obligations. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations (including subordinated 
securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves, and are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang).

--- Page 18 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
18 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any senior obligations (including the Senior Preferred Notes) 
of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in article L. 613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any senior (chirographaires) obligations (including the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed 
to fall within the category of obligations described in article L. 613-30-3–I-4°. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
Subordinated Notes 
BNPP may issue Subordinated Notes: 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes be treated for 
regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital. Condition 2(b)(i) will apply in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
for so long as such Subordinated Notes are treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital (such 
Subordinated Notes being hereafter referred to as "Qualifying Subordinated Notes"). Should the 
principal and interest of any outstanding Qualifying Subordinated Notes be fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital ("Disqualification Event") (Subordinated Notes affected by a Disqualification Event being 
hereafter referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated Notes"), Condition 2(b)(ii) will automatically 
replace and supersede Condition 2(b)(i) for such Disqualified Subordinated Notes without the need for 
any action from the Issuer and without consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes or the 
holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code 
de commerce. 
(a) 
Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, 
their principal and interest constitute and will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of BNPP and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with any obligations or instruments of BNPP that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated 
Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of BNPP, bankruptcy 
proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting BNPP, the rights of the holders in 
respect of principal and interest to payment under the Qualifying Subordinated Notes will be: 
(i) 
subordinated to the full payment of: 
 
the unsubordinated creditors of BNPP; 
 
any subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank senior to the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes; 
 
any Disqualified Subordinated Note issued by BNPP; and 
 
Eligible Creditors of BNPP; and 
(ii) 
paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to BNPP, titres participatifs issued by 
BNPP and any deeply subordinated obligations of BNPP (obligations dites "super 
subordonnées" i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
(b) 
Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Disqualified Subordinated Notes, their principal and interest constitute and will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in accordance with 
Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier created by 
Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the 
banking sector implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law) of BNPP and rank and 
will rank pari passu (a) among themselves and (b) with any and all instruments that have (or 
will have) such rank (including for the avoidance of doubt instruments issued on or after 28 
December 2020 initially treated as Additional Tier 1 Capital and which subsequently lost such 
treatment).

--- Page 19 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
19 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of BNPP, bankruptcy 
proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting BNPP, the rights of the holders in 
respect of principal and interest to payment under the Disqualified Subordinated Notes will be: 
(i) 
subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of BNPP and any 
subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank senior to the Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
paid in priority to Eligible Creditors of BNPP, Qualifying Subordinated Notes issued by 
BNPP, any prêts participatifs granted to BNPP, titres participatifs issued by BNPP and 
any deeply subordinated obligations of BNPP (obligations dites "super subordonnées" 
i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated claims (including subordinated securities 
issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) that rank or are expressed to 
rank (i) senior to obligations or instruments of the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated 
Obligations and (ii) junior to Disqualified Subordinated Notes. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations (including subordinated 
securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves, and are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
Maturities 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par and either on a fully paid or partly 
paid basis. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as described in "Form of the Notes". 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Notes 
Notes may be issued as: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes, where the interest (if any) payable will be calculated by reference to a fixed 
rate of interest; 
(b) 
Resettable Notes, where the interest (if any) payable will be calculated by reference to a rate 
of interest that resets periodically; 
(c) 
Floating Rate Notes, where the interest (if any) payable will be calculated by reference to a 
floating rate plus or minus a margin; 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes and other non-interest bearing Notes which do not bear or pay interest, but 
may be issued at a discount to their principal amount; 
(e) 
Index Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable, or assets 
deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to an Index or a Basket of 
Indices (or index futures or options contracts); 
(f) 
Share Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable, or 
assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to a Share (or a 
Stapled Share) or a Basket of Shares (which may be comprised of one or more Stapled 
Shares);

--- Page 20 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
20 
(g) 
ETI Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable, or assets 
deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to an ETI Interest or a 
Basket of ETI Interests; 
(h) 
Commodity Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable, or 
assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to a Commodity or 
a Commodity Index or a Basket of Commodities or Commodity Indices; 
(i) 
Inflation Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable, or 
assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to an Inflation Index 
or a Basket of Inflation Indices; 
(j) 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable, 
or assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to an FX Rate or 
a Basket of FX Rates; 
(k) 
Fund Linked Notes, where (i) unless the Fund is a Euro Fund, the interest (if any) payable on 
and/or the amount payable, or assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by 
reference to a Fund or a Basket of Funds or a Fund Index or a Basket of Fund Indices or (ii) if 
the Fund is a Euro Fund, the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable on 
redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to the gross rate of return in respect of a 
Euro Fund; 
(l) 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount 
payable, or assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to a 
single Underlying Interest Rate or a basket of Underlying Interest Rates; 
(m) 
Credit Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the amount payable, or 
assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is determined by reference to a single Reference 
Entity or a basket of Reference Entities; and 
(n) 
Hybrid Notes or any combination of the foregoing. 
Redemption 
The terms under which Notes may be redeemed (including the maturity date, the amount payable or 
deliverable on redemption and whether the Notes may be redeemed in instalments, as well as any 
provisions relating to early redemption) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of issue of the relevant Notes, specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if applicable, 
summarised in the relevant issue specific summary annexed to the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes may be redeemed early for tax reasons or (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes) in certain 
circumstances relating to the Issuer's or the Group's MREL/TLAC Requirements.  If specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Notes may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the 
Noteholders at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Optional 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be either: (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by 
the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) the SPS Call Payout (in the case of early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer) or the SPS Put Payout (in the case of early redemption at the 
option of the Holders). 
The Notes may also be redeemed early following the occurrence of certain disruption, adjustment, 
extraordinary or other events. 
If Payout Switch Election or Automatic Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount payable or deliverable on redemption may be switched from one amount payable 
or deliverable to another. 
Interest 
The Notes may or may not bear or pay interest.  Interest paying Notes will either bear or pay interest 
determined by reference to a fixed rate, a resetting rate, a floating rate and/or a rate calculated by 
reference to one or more Underlying Reference(s) (each an "Underlying Reference"). 
Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which do not bear or pay interest may be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount.

--- Page 21 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
21 
The Interest will be calculated and payable on such date or dates as determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue of the relevant Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
if applicable, summarised in the relevant issue specific summary annexed to the applicable Final Terms. 
The Interest may be any of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Fixed Rate (including SPS Fixed): paying a fixed rate of interest. 
 
Resettable: paying a rate of interest that resets periodically. 
 
Floating Rate (including SPS Variable Amount): paying a floating rate of interest which may be 
calculated by reference to a reference rate (such as (and in the case of Exempt Notes only not 
limited to), EURIBOR, BBSW, NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR, WIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
SARON or TONA). 
 
Linked Interest (including SPS Coupons: Stellar, Cappuccino, Ratchet, Driver, Nova and FI 
Coupons: FX Vanilla, Transition): paying an amount linked to the performance of one or more 
Underlying Reference(s). 
 
Conditional (including SPS Coupons: Digital, Snowball Digital, Accrual Digital, and FI Coupons: 
FI Digital, FX Digital, Range Accrual, FX Range Accrual, FX Memory, PRDC, FI Digital Floor 
and FI Digital Cap): paying an amount either related or unrelated to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s), if certain conditions are met. 
 
Combination (including SPS Coupons: Sum, Option Max and FI Coupon: Combination Floater): 
combining two or more coupon types. 
 
FI Target Coupon. 
 
Duration Adjusted Coupon. 
These rates and/or amounts of interest payable may be subject to a maximum or a minimum. 
If Coupon Switch Election or Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate may be switched from one specified rate to another. 
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an Additional 
Switch Coupon Amount will be payable on the Interest Payment Date following such switch. 
The terms applicable to each Series of such Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue of the relevant Notes, specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if 
applicable, summarised in the relevant issue specific summary annexed to the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Redemption and Payout Methodology 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note entitles its holder to receive from 
the Issuer: 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
(i) 
The Final Redemption Amount, being either a specified percentage of its principal 
amount or an amount equal to the Final Payout (see Payout Conditions 1.2 and 2.3) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the Entitlement (see Payout Condition 1.4), 
being the quantity of the Relevant Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms equal 
to the Entitlement specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes which may either be Cash Settled Notes or Physical Delivery 
Notes, depending on whether certain conditions are met, either (A) a Final Redemption 
Amount being either a specified percentage of its principal amount or an amount equal 
to the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms or (B) the Entitlement, being 
the quantity of the Relevant Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the 
Entitlement specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case on or around the Maturity Date.

--- Page 22 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
22 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes, redemption shall be at the 
amount and/or by delivery of the assets specified in the Credit Linked Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (see 
Payout Condition 1.3). 
(c) 
If an Issuer Call Option or Noteholder Put Option is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms of a Series of Notes are comprised of (i) the Conditions, (ii) the applicable Final Terms and 
(as applicable), (iii) the Annex relevant to the relevant Underlying References and (iv) if selected in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate and/or Payout(s) selected from Annex 1 to the Conditions (the 
"Payout Annex") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investors must review the Conditions and (as applicable), the Annex relevant to the relevant 
Underlying Reference and the Payout Annex, together with the applicable Final Terms to 
ascertain the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes. 
Final Payouts 
Structured Products Securities (SPS) Final Payouts 
(1) 
Fixed Percentage Notes: fixed term products which have a return equal to a fixed percentage. 
(2) 
Reverse Convertible Notes (Reverse Convertible, Reverse Convertible Standard): fixed term 
products which have a return linked to both the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and a knock-in level. There is no capital protection and these products pay coupons. 
(3) 
Vanilla Notes (Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, Digital, Knock-in Call, Knock-out Call, Range 
Accrual): fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms (including knock-in 
or knock-out features). There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(4) 
Asian Notes (Asian, Asian Spread, Himalaya, Talisman): fixed term products which have a 
return linked to the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) determined through an 
averaging method. The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms (including a 
cap, a floor or lock-in features). There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(5) 
Auto-callable Notes (Autocall, Autocall One Touch, Autocall Standard): fixed term products that 
include an automatic early redemption feature. The return is linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms 
(including a knock-in feature). There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(6) 
Indexation Notes (Certi plus: Booster, Certi plus: Bonus, Certi plus: Leveraged, Certi plus: Twin 
Win, Certi plus: Super Sprinter, Certi plus: Generic, Certi plus: Generic Knock-in, Certi plus: 
Generic Knock-out): fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms 
(including knock-in or knock-out features). There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(7) 
Ratchet Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). The return is equal to the sum of returns determined on a given 
formula (which can be capped or floored). There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(8) 
Sum Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return calculation is the weighted sum of returns determined using different 
payout formulae. There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(9) 
Option Max Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). The return is the maximum return calculation of different payout 
formulae. There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(10) 
Stellar Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of a basket of 
Underlying References. The return calculation, which is subject to a floor, is made up of the

--- Page 23 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
23 
average returns of each Underlying Reference in the basket, each being subject to both a cap 
and a floor. 
(11) 
Driver Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of a basket of 
Underlying References. The return calculation, which is subject to a floor, is determined by 
reference to the average return of the basket, where the performance of one or more of the 
best performing Underlying Reference(s) is set at a fixed level. 
(12) 
Transition Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms 
(including knock-in and automatic early redemption features) combined with trigger events 
which determine the allocation between the amount that will be reimbursed and the amount 
linked to the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). There may be partial or no capital 
protection and these products may pay coupons. 
Fixed Income (FI) Final Payouts 
(1) 
FI FX Vanilla Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms 
(including knock-in or knock-out features). There may be total, partial or no capital protection. 
(2) 
Digital Notes (Digital Floor, Digital Cap, Digital Plus): fixed term products which have a fixed or 
variable return depending on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is 
calculated by reference to various mechanisms (including floor or cap conditions and knock-in 
and/or knock-out features). 
(3) 
Inflation Notes: fixed term products which have a return linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). 
Entitlement Amounts 
The Entitlement Amount may be determined on the basis of the following payouts: 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
Delivery of the Underlying 
Delivery of Accumulator Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying, Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying or Delivery of the 
Underlying is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to 
the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer will 
pay an amount equal to the Rounding and Residual Amount. If Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in addition to delivery of the Entitlement Amount, the Issuer will 
pay an amount equal to the Rounding and Residual Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, occurs, the Notes 
will be redeemed early at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount on the Automatic Early Redemption 
Date. 
Unless SPS Accumulator AER Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will 
be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount in respect of such Note and (ii) 
the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage and the relevant AER Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Date. If SPS Accumulator 
AER Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Entitlement Amount will be 
deliverable, equal to the SPS Accumulator AER Payout, together with payment of a residual cash 
amount (if any). 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout

--- Page 24 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
24 
SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
SPS Accumulator AER Payout 
Target Automatic Early Redemption 
FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption 
FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption 
Taxation 
Subject to Condition 6(d) of the English law Notes or Condition 6(e) of the French law Notes all 
payments in respect of Notes will be made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by law.  In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
If Condition 6(d) of the English law Notes or Condition 6(e) of the French law Notes specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay 
any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, 
presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the 
Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to 
be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Events of Default 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes where one or more Events of Default are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms will contain events of default including non-payment, non-
performance or non-observance of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes and the insolvency 
or winding up of the Issuer. 
Governing Law 
English Law Notes: 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes (except for Conditions 2(a) and 2(b) to 
the extent applicable to the Notes, which are governed by French law) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them will be governed by and shall be construed 
in accordance with English law. 
French Law Notes: 
The Agency Agreement and the Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law, 
and any action or proceeding in relation thereto shall be submitted to the jurisdiction of the competent 
courts in Paris within the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal (Cour d'Appel de Paris). 
Ratings 
BNPP's long term credit ratings are A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited), Aa3 
with a stable outlook (Moody's Investors Service Ltd.), AA- with a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited) (which is the long-term rating assigned to BNPP's senior preferred debt by Fitch) and AA (low) 
with a stable outlook (DBRS Rating GmbH) and BNPP's short-term credit ratings are A-1 (S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited), P1 (Moody's Investors Service Ltd.), F1+ (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited) and 
R-1 (middle) (DBRS Rating GmbH). 
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may be rated or unrated. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including the professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange), the Euro MTF Market (including the professional segment of the Euro

--- Page 25 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
25 
MTF Market) or such other regulated market, organised market, third country market, SME market or 
other trading system specified in the applicable Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted basis. 
Selling Restrictions 
The Notes will be freely transferable, subject to the offering and selling restrictions in the United States, 
the European Economic Area, Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Canada, Dubai International 
Financial Centre, France, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, the Republic of Korea, the Netherlands, the People's 
Republic of China, Portugal, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, United Arab Emirates 
and the United Kingdom and under the Prospectus Regulation and the laws of any jurisdiction in which 
the relevant Notes are offered or sold. 
Exempt Notes 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to 
the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available 
under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") only applies to Notes which 
are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets 
in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. Under this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer may issue Exempt Notes (being Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be). In the case of Exempt 
Notes, any terms and conditions not contained in this Base Prospectus which are applicable to such 
Exempt Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms for Exempt Notes"). For the 
purposes of any Exempt Notes, references in the Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include 
a reference to the "Final Terms for Exempt Notes". For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Terms for 
Exempt Notes does not constitute "final terms" as such term is used under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 26 ---
RISKS 
 
26 
RISKS 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes offered hereby should consider carefully, among other things and 
in light of their financial circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and, in particular, the risks set forth below (which the Issuer, in its reasonable opinion, 
believes represents or may represent the risks known to it which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes) in making an investment decision.  Investors may lose the value of their 
entire investment in certain circumstances. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Conditions. 
Risks Relating to the Bank and its Industry 
See "Risk Factors" under Chapter 5 on pages 309 to 323 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) and pages 92 to 107 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) (each as defined below), each of which is incorporated by reference 
in this document. 
Risk Factors 
Unless otherwise indicated, the information and financial elements contained in these risk factors 
specifically include the activity of Bank of the West to reflect a prudential view. They are therefore 
presented excluding the effects of the application of IFRS 5 on groups of assets and liabilities held for 
sale. Chapter 3 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) include a reconciliation 
between the operational view presented excluding the application of IFRS 5 and the consolidated 
financial statements applying IFRS 5. 
The main categories of risk inherent in the Bank's business are presented below. They may be 
measured through risk-weighted assets or other quantitative or qualitative indicators, to the extent risk-
weighted assets are not relevant (for example, for liquidity and funding risk). 
 
Risks weighted assets in billions of euros 
 
31.12.21 
 
31.12.20 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit risk  
 
554 
 
527 
Counterparty credit risk 
 
40 
 
41 
Securitisation risk in the banking book 
 
14 
 
14 
Operational risk 
 
63 
 
71 
Market risk 
 
25 
 
25 
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction 
(subject to 250% risk weight) 
 
18 
 
17 
 
 
 
 
 
Total  
 
714 
 
696 
More generally, the risks to which the Bank is exposed may arise from a number of factors related, 
among others, to changes in its macroeconomic or regulatory environment or factors related to the 
implementation of its strategy and its business. 
The material risks specific to the Bank's business, determined based on the circumstances known to 
the management as of the date of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English), are 
presented below under 7 main categories: credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the 
banking book; operational risk; market risk; liquidity and funding risk; risks related to the macroeconomic 
and market environment; regulatory risks; and risks related to the Bank's growth in its current 
environment. 
The Bank's risk management policies have been taken into account in assessing the materiality of these 
risks; in particular, risk-weighted assets factor in risk mitigation elements to the extent eligible in 
accordance with applicable banking regulations. 
1. 
Credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book 
The Bank's credit risk is defined as the probability of a borrower or counterparty defaulting on 
its obligations to the Bank. Probability of default along with the recovery rate of the loan or debt

--- Page 27 ---
RISKS 
 
27 
in the event of default are essential elements in assessing credit quality. In accordance with the 
European Banking Authority recommendations, this category of risk also includes risks on 
equity investments, as well as those related to insurance activities. As of 31 December 2021, 
the Bank's credit risk exposure broke down as follows: corporates (41%), central governments 
and central banks (27%), retail customers (25%), credit institutions (4%), other items (2%) and 
equities (1%). As of 31 December 2021, 32% of the Bank's credit exposure was comprised of 
exposures in France, 16% in Belgium and Luxembourg, 9% in Italy, 19% in other European 
countries, 13% in North America, 6% in Asia and 5% in the rest of the world. The Bank's risk-
weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to €554 billion at 31 December 2021, or 
78% of the total risk-weighted assets of the Bank, compared to €527 billion at 31 December 
2020. 
The Bank's counterparty risk arises from its credit risk in the specific context of market 
transactions, investments, and/or settlements. The Bank's exposure to counterparty risk, 
excluding Credit Valuation Adjustment ("CVA") risk as of 31 December 2021, is comprised of: 
44% in the corporate sector, 19% in governments and central banks, 13% in credit institutions 
and investment firms, and 24% in clearing houses. By product, the Bank's exposure, excluding 
CVA risk, as of 31 December 2021 was comprised of: 51% in over-the-counter ("OTC") 
derivatives, 33% in repurchase transactions and securities lending/borrowing, 10% in listed 
derivatives and 6% in contributions to the clearing houses' default funds. The amount of this 
risk varies over time, depending on fluctuations in market parameters affecting the potential 
future value of the covered transactions. In addition, CVA risk measures the risk of losses 
related to CVA volatility resulting from fluctuations in credit spreads associated with the 
counterparties in respect of which the Bank is subject to risk. The risk-weighted assets subject 
to counterparty credit risk amounted to €40 billion at 31 December 2021, representing 6% of 
the Bank's total risk-weighted assets, compared to €41 billion at 31 December 2020. 
Securitisation risk in the banking book: Securitisation is a transaction or arrangement by 
which the credit risk associated with a liability or set of liabilities is subdivided into tranches. 
Any commitment made by the Bank under a securitisation structure (including derivatives and 
liquidity lines) is considered to be a securitisation. The bulk of the Bank's commitments are in 
the prudential banking portfolio. Securitised exposures are essentially those generated by the 
Bank. The securitisation positions held or acquired by the Bank may also be categorized by its 
role: of the positions as at 31 December 2021, the Bank was originator of 50%, was sponsor of 
31% and was investor of 19%. The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted 
to €14 billion at 31 December 2021, representing 2% of the Bank's total risk-weighted assets , 
unchanged compared to 31 December 2020. 
1.1 
A substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded 
provisions exposed to credit risk and counterparty risk could adversely affect the Bank's results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Credit risk and counterparty risk impact the Bank's consolidated financial statements when a 
customer or counterparty is unable to honour its obligations and when the book value of these 
obligations in the Bank's records is positive. The customer or counterparty may be a bank, a 
financial institution, an industrial or commercial enterprise, a government or a government 
entity, an investment fund, or a natural person. If the default rate of customers or counterparties 
increases, the Bank may have to record increased charges or provisions in respect of 
irrecoverable or doubtful loans (Stage 3) or of performing loans (Stages 1 and 2), in response 
to a deterioration in economic conditions or other factors, which may affect its profitability. 
As a result, in connection with its lending activities, the Bank regularly establishes provisions, 
which are recorded on its income statement in the line item Cost of Risk. These provisions 
amounted to €2,925 billion at 31 December 2021, representing 34 basis points of outstanding 
customer loans (compared with 66 basis points at 31 December 2020 and 39 basis points at 
31 December 2019). The significant increase in these provisions in 2020 reflects the economic 
consequences of the health crisis and is an example of the materialisation of this risk, while 
their decrease in 2021 is explained by a high base in 2020, a limited number of defaults and 
write-backs of provisions on performing loans.

--- Page 28 ---
RISKS 
 
28 
The Bank's overall level of provisions is based on its assessment of prior loss experience, the 
volume and type of lending being conducted, industry standards, past due loans, economic 
conditions and other factors related to the recoverability of various loans or statistical analysis 
based on scenarios applicable to asset classes. 
Although the Bank seeks to establish an appropriate level of provisions, its lending businesses 
may have to increase their provisions for loan losses or sound receivables substantially in the 
future as a result of deteriorating economic conditions or other causes. Any significant increase 
in provisions for loan losses or a significant change in the Bank's estimate of the risk of loss 
inherent in its portfolio of non impaired loans, as well as the occurrence of loan losses in excess 
of the related provisions, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's results of 
operations and financial condition. 
For reference, at 31 December 2021, the ratio of doubtful loans to total loans outstanding was 
2.0% and the coverage ratio of these doubtful commitments (net of guarantees received) by 
provisions was 73.6%, against 2.1% and 71.5%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020. These 
two ratios are defined in Chapter 5.1 (Key figures) of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English). 
While the Bank seeks to reduce its exposure to credit risk and counterparty risk by using risk 
mitigation techniques such as collateralization, obtaining guarantees, entering into credit 
derivatives and entering into netting agreements, it cannot be certain that these techniques will 
be effective to offset losses resulting from counterparty defaults that are covered by these 
techniques. Moreover, the Bank is also exposed to the risk of default by the party providing the 
credit risk coverage (such as a counterparty in a derivative or a loan insurance contract) or to 
the risk of loss of value of any collateral. In addition, only a portion of the Bank's overall credit 
risk and counterparty risk is covered by these techniques. Accordingly, the Bank has very 
significant exposure to these risks. 
1.2 
The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants could 
adversely affect the Bank. 
The Bank's ability to engage in financing, investment and derivative transactions could be 
adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. 
Financial institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or 
other relationships. As a result, defaults by one or more states or financial institutions, or even 
rumours or questions about, one or more financial institutions, or the financial services industry 
generally, may lead to market wide liquidity problems and could lead to further losses or 
defaults. The Bank has exposure to many counterparties in the financial industry, directly and 
indirectly, including clearing houses, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, and other institutional clients with which it 
regularly executes transactions. The Bank may also be exposed to risks related to the 
increasing involvement in the financial sector of players and the introduction of new types of 
transactions subject to little or no regulation (e.g., unregulated funds, trading venues or 
crowdfunding platforms). Credit and counterparty risks could be exacerbated if the collateral 
held by the Bank cannot be realised, it decreases in value, or it is liquidated at prices not 
sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to the Bank or in the 
event of the failure of a significant financial market participant such as a central counterparty. 
For reference, counterparty risk exposure related to financial institutions was €29 billion at 31 
December 2021, or 13% of the Bank's total counterparty risk exposure, and counterparty risk 
exposure related to clearing houses was €54 billion, or 24% of the Bank's total counterparty 
risk exposure. 
In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material adverse 
effect on financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets. 
An example is the fraud perpetrated by Bernard Madoff that came to light in 2008, as a result 
of which numerous financial institutions globally, including the Bank, announced losses or 
exposure to losses in substantial amounts. The Bank remains the subject of various claims in 
connection with the Madoff matter; see Note 7.b "Legal proceedings and arbitration" to the

--- Page 29 ---
RISKS 
 
29 
consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2021, which are set out 
in the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English). 
Losses resulting from the risks summarised above could materially and adversely affect the 
Bank's results of operations. 
2. 
Operational Risk 
The Bank's operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from failed or inadequate internal 
processes (particularly those involving personnel and information systems) or external events, 
whether deliberate, accidental or natural (floods, fires, earthquakes, terrorist attacks, etc.). The 
Bank's operational risks cover fraud, human resources risks, legal and reputational risks, non-
compliance risks, tax risks, information systems risks, risk of providing inadequate financial 
services (conduct risk), risk of failure of operational processes including credit processes, or 
from the use of a model (model risk), as well as potential financial consequences related to 
reputation risk management. From 2013-2021, the Bank's main type of incidents involving 
operational risk were in "Clients, products and business practices", which represents more than 
half of the total financial impact, largely as a result of the Bank's agreement with US authorities 
regarding its review of certain dollar transactions concluded in June 2014. Process failures, 
including errors in execution or processing of transactions and external fraud are respectively 
the second and third types of incidents with the highest financial impact. Between 2013 and 
2021, other types of risk in operational risk consisted of external fraud (14%), business 
disruption and systems failure (3%), employment practices and workplace safety (2%), internal 
fraud (1%) and damage to physical assets (1%). 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to €63 billion at 31 December 
2021, representing 9% of the Bank's total risk-weighted assets, compared to €71 billion at 31 
December 2020. 
2.1 
The Bank's risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave it exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks, which could lead to material losses. 
The Bank has devoted significant resources to developing its risk management policies, 
procedures and assessment methods and intends to continue to do so in the future. 
Nonetheless, the Bank's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective 
in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic and market environments or against all types of 
risk, particularly risks that the Bank may have failed to identify or anticipate. The Bank's ability 
to assess the creditworthiness of its customers or to estimate the values of its assets may be 
impaired if, as a result of market turmoil such as that experienced in recent years, the models 
and approaches it uses become less predictive of future behaviour, valuations, assumptions or 
estimates. Some of the Bank's qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk are based on its 
use of observed historical market behaviour. The Bank applies statistical and other tools to 
these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. The process the Bank uses 
to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or estimate the value of certain assets requires 
difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and 
how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans or 
impact the value of assets, which may, during periods of market disruption or substantial 
uncertainty, be incapable of accurate estimation and, in turn, impact the reliability of the 
process. These tools and metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures, e.g., if the Bank does 
not anticipate or correctly evaluate certain factors in its statistical models, or upon the 
occurrence of an event deemed extremely unlikely by the tools and metrics. This would limit 
the Bank's ability to manage its risks. The Bank's losses could therefore be significantly greater 
than the historical measures indicate. In addition, the Bank's quantified modelling does not take 
all risks into account. Its more qualitative approach to managing certain risks could prove 
insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipated losses. 
2.2 
An interruption in or a breach of the Bank's information systems may cause substantial losses 
of client or customer information, damage to the Bank's reputation and result in financial losses. 
As with most other banks, the Bank relies heavily on communications and information systems 
to conduct its business. This dependency has increased with the spread of mobile and online 
banking services, the development of cloud computing and more generally the use of new

--- Page 30 ---
RISKS 
 
30 
technologies. Any failure or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in 
failures or interruptions in the Bank's customer relationship management, general ledger, 
deposit, servicing and/or loan organization systems or could cause the Bank to incur significant 
costs in recovering and verifying lost data. The Bank cannot provide assurances that such 
failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. 
In addition, the Bank is subject to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by a malicious and/or 
fraudulent act, committed virtually, with the intention of manipulating information (confidential 
data, bank/insurance, technical or strategic), processes and users, in order to cause material 
losses to the Bank's subsidiaries, employees, partners and clients and/or for the purpose of 
extortion (ransomware). An increasing number of companies (including financial institutions) 
have in recent years experienced intrusion attempts or even breaches of their information 
technology security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on 
their computer networks. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable 
or degrade service, steal confidential data or sabotage information systems have become more 
sophisticated, change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, 
the Bank and its third party service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or 
to implement in a timely manner effective and efficient countermeasures. 
Any failures of or interruptions in the Bank's information systems or those of its providers and 
any subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any client, counterparty or 
employee of the Bank (or any other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication 
system could cause significant losses and have an adverse effect on the Bank's reputation, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Regulatory authorities now consider cybersecurity as a growing systemic risk for the financial 
sector. They have stressed the need for financial institutions to improve their resilience to cyber-
attacks by strengthening internal IT monitoring and control procedures. A successful cyber-
attack could therefore expose the Bank to a regulatory fine, especially should any personal data 
from customers be lost. 
Moreover, the Bank is exposed to the risk of operational failure or interruption of a clearing 
agent, foreign markets, clearing houses, custodian banks or any other financial intermediary or 
external service provider used by the Bank to execute or facilitate financial transactions. Due 
to its increased interaction with clients, the Bank is also exposed to the risk of operational 
malfunction of the latter's information systems. The Bank's communications and data systems 
and those of its clients, service providers and counterparties may also be subject to 
malfunctions or interruptions as a result of cyber-crime or cyber-terrorism. The Bank cannot 
guarantee that these malfunctions or interruptions in its own systems or those of other parties 
will not occur or that in the event of a cyberattack, these malfunctions or interruptions will be 
adequately resolved. These operational malfunctions or interruptions accounted for an average 
of 3% of operational risk losses over the 2013-2021 period. 
2.3 
Reputational risk could weigh on the Bank's financial strength and diminish the confidence of 
clients and counterparties in it. 
Considering the highly competitive environment in the financial services industry, a reputation 
for financial strength and integrity is critical to the Bank's ability to attract and retain customers. 
The Bank's reputation could be harmed if the means it uses to market and promote its products 
and services were deemed to be inconsistent with client interests. The Bank's reputation could 
also be damaged if, as it increases its client base and the scale of its businesses, its overall 
procedures and controls dealing with conflicts of interest fail, or appear to fail, to address them 
properly. Moreover, the Bank's reputation could be damaged by employee misconduct, fraud 
or misconduct by financial industry participants to which the Bank is exposed, a restatement of, 
a decline in, or corrections to, its results, as well as any adverse legal or regulatory action, such 
as the settlement the Bank entered into with the U.S. authorities in 2014 for violations of U.S. 
laws and regulations regarding economic sanctions. The loss of business that could result from 
damage to the Bank's reputation could have an adverse effect on its results of operations and 
financial position.

--- Page 31 ---
RISKS 
 
31 
3. 
Market risk 
The Bank's market risk is the risk of loss of value caused by an unfavourable trend in prices or 
market parameters. The parameters affecting the Bank's market risk include, but are not limited 
to, exchange rates, prices of securities and commodities (whether the price is directly quoted 
or obtained by reference to a comparable asset), the price of derivatives on an established 
market and all benchmarks that can be derived from market quotations such as interest rates, 
credit spreads, volatility or implicit correlations or other similar parameters. 
The Bank is exposed to market risk mainly through trading activities carried out by the business 
lines of its Corporate & Institutional Banking ("CIB") operating division, primarily in Global 
Markets, which represented 14.8% of the Bank's revenue in 2021. The Bank's trading activities 
are directly linked to economic relations with clients of these business lines, or indirectly as part 
of its market making activity. 
In addition, the market risk relating to the Bank's banking activities covers its interest rate and 
foreign exchange rate risk in connection with its activities as a banking intermediary. The 
"operating" foreign exchange risk exposure relates to net earnings generated by activities 
conducted in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity concerned. The 
"structural" foreign exchange risk position of an entity relates to investments in currencies other 
than the functional currency. In measuring interest rate risk, the Bank defines the concepts of 
standard rate risk and structural rate risk as the following: the standard rate risk corresponds to 
the general case, namely when it is possible to define the most appropriate hedging strategy 
for a given transaction, and the structural rate risk is the interest rate risk for equity and non-
interest-bearing current accounts. 
BNP Paribas' market risk based on its activities is measured by Value at Risk ("VaR"), and 
various other market indicators (stressed VaR, Incremental Risk Charge, Comprehensive Risk 
Measure for credit correlation portfolio) as well as by stress tests and sensitivity analysis 
compared with market limits. 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to €25 billion at 31 December 
2021, representing 3% of the Bank's total risk-weighted assets, compared to €25 billion at 31 
December 2020, representing 4% of the Bank's total risk-weighted assets. 
3.1 
The Bank may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market 
fluctuations and volatility. 
The Bank maintains trading and investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and 
equity markets, and in unlisted securities, real estate and other asset classes, including through 
derivative contracts. These positions could be adversely affected by extreme volatility in these 
markets, i.e., the degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, 
regardless of market levels. Moreover, volatility trends that prove substantially different from 
the Bank's expectations may lead to losses relating to a broad range of other products that the 
Bank uses, including swaps, forward and future contracts, options and structured products. 
To the extent that the Bank owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a 
market downturn could result in losses from a decline in the value of its positions. Conversely, 
to the extent that the Bank has sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions in 
any of those markets, a market upturn could, in spite of the existing limitation of risks and control 
systems, expose the Bank to potentially substantial losses as it attempts to cover its net short 
positions by acquiring assets in a rising market. The Bank may from time to time hold a long 
position in one asset and a short position in another, in order to hedge transactions with clients 
and/or in view of benefitting from changes in the relative value of the two assets. If, however, 
the relative value of the two assets changes in a direction or manner that the Bank did not 
anticipate or against which its positions are not hedged, it might realize a loss on those paired 
positions. Such losses, if significant, could adversely affect the Bank's results and financial 
condition. In addition, the Bank's hedging strategies may not be suitable for certain market 
conditions. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that the Group uses to hedge its exposure to 
various types of risk in its businesses is not effective, the Bank may incur losses. Many of its

--- Page 32 ---
RISKS 
 
32 
strategies are based on historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if the Bank 
holds a long position in an asset, it may hedge that position by taking a short position in another 
asset where the short position has historically moved in a direction that would offset a change 
in the value of the long position. However, the hedge may only be partial, or the strategies used 
may not protect against all future risks or may not be fully effective in mitigating the Bank's risk 
exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk in the future. Unexpected market 
developments may also reduce the effectiveness of the Bank's hedging strategies, as shown 
by the losses incurred by the Bank's equity derivatives activities in the first quarter of 2020, due 
in particular to the market environment, and the ECB decisions on dividend distributions. In 
addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting from certain ineffective hedges are 
recorded may result in additional volatility in the Bank's reported earnings. 
The Bank uses a VaR model to quantify its exposure to potential losses from market risks, and 
also performs stress testing with a view to quantifying its potential exposure in extreme 
scenarios  (see Chapter 5.7 (Market Risk – Market Risk Stress Testing Framework) in the BNPP 
2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)). However, these techniques rely on 
statistical methodologies based on historical observations, which may turn out to be unreliable 
predictors of future market conditions. Accordingly, the Bank's exposure to market risk in 
extreme scenarios could be greater than the exposures predicted by its quantification 
techniques. 
3.2 
The Bank may generate lower revenues from commission and fee-based businesses during 
market downturns and declines in activity. 
Commissions represented 23% of the Bank's total revenues in 2021. Financial and economic 
conditions affect the number and size of transactions for which the Bank provides securities 
underwriting, financial advisory and other investment banking services. These revenues, which 
include fees from these services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions 
in which the Bank participates and can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial 
changes that are unfavourable to its Investment Banking business and clients. In addition, 
because the fees that the Bank charges for managing its clients' portfolios are in many cases 
based on the value or performance of those portfolios, a market downturn that reduces the 
value of its clients' portfolios or increases the amount of withdrawals would reduce the revenues 
it receives from its asset management, equity derivatives and private banking businesses. 
Independently of market changes, the development of index portfolios or below-market 
performance by the Bank's mutual funds may lead to reduced revenues from the Bank's asset 
management business, and increased withdrawals and reduced inflows for these vehicles. A 
reduced level of revenues from the abovementioned commission and fee-based businesses 
may have a material adverse impact on the Bank's financial results. 
3.3 
Adjustments to the carrying value of the Bank's securities and derivatives portfolios and the 
Bank's own debt could have an adverse effect on its net income and shareholders' equity. 
The carrying value of the Bank's securities and derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, 
as well as its own debt, in its balance sheet is adjusted as of each financial statement date. As 
at 31 December 2021, on the assets side of the Bank's balance sheet, financial instruments at 
fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes and 
financial assets at fair value through shareholders' equity amounted to €683 billion, €9 billion 
and €46 billion respectively. In the liabilities column, financial instruments at fair value through 
profit or loss and derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes amounted to €714 
billion and €10 billion, respectively, at 31 December 2021. Most of the adjustments are made 
on the basis of changes in fair value of the Bank's assets or debt during an accounting period, 
with the changes recorded either in the income statement or directly in shareholders' equity. 
Changes that are recorded in the income statement, to the extent not offset by opposite 
changes in the value of other assets, affect the Bank's consolidated revenues and, as a result, 
its net income. A downward adjustment of the fair value of the Bank's securities and derivatives 
portfolios may lead to reduced shareholders' equity and, to the extent not offset by opposite 
changes in the value of the Bank's liabilities, the Bank's capital adequacy ratios may also be 
lowered. The fact that fair value adjustments are recorded in one accounting period does not 
mean that further adjustments will not be needed in subsequent periods.

--- Page 33 ---
RISKS 
 
33 
4. 
Liquidity and funding risk 
4.1 
The Bank's access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of 
financial crises, worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades, increases in sovereign 
credit spreads or other factors. 
The financial crisis, the eurozone sovereign debt crisis as well as the general macroeconomic 
environment, at times adversely affected the availability and cost of funding for European banks 
around ten years ago. This was due to several factors, including a sharp increase in the 
perception of bank credit risk due to exposure to sovereign debt in particular, credit rating 
downgrades of sovereigns and of banks, and debt market speculation. Many European banks, 
including the Bank, at various points during these periods experienced restricted access to 
wholesale debt markets for institutional investors and to the interbank market, as well as a 
general increase in their cost of funding. In the context of the health crisis, the European Central 
Bank ("ECB") also set up refinancing facilities designed to foster the banks’ financing of the 
economy (targeted longer-term refinancing options or "TLTRO"), on which the Bank has drawn. 
Such adverse credit market conditions may reappear in the event of prolonged stagnation of 
growth, deflation, resurgence of the financial crisis, another sovereign debt crisis or new forms 
of financial crises, factors relating to the financial industry or the economy in general (including 
the economic consequences of the health crisis) or to the Bank in particular. In this case, the 
effect on the liquidity of the European financial sector in general or the Bank in particular could 
be materially adverse and have a negative impact on the Bank's results of operations and 
financial condition. 
4.2 
Protracted market declines can reduce the Bank's liquidity, making it harder to sell assets and 
possibly leading to material losses. Accordingly, the Bank must ensure that its assets and 
liabilities properly match in order to avoid exposure to losses. 
In some of the Bank's businesses, particularly Global Markets (which represented 14.8% of the 
Bank's revenue in 2021) and Asset/Liability Management, protracted market movements, 
particularly asset price declines, can reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce market 
liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the Bank cannot close out 
deteriorating positions in a timely way. This is particularly true for assets that are intrinsically 
illiquid. Assets that are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as 
certain derivative contracts between financial institutions, may have values that the Bank 
calculates using models rather than publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of 
prices of assets like these is difficult and could lead to significant unanticipated losses (see 
Chapter 5.8 (Liquidity risk – Stress tests and liquidity reserve) in the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)). 
The Bank is exposed to the risk that the maturity, interest rate or currencies of its assets might 
not match those of its liabilities. The timing of payments on certain of the Bank's assets is 
uncertain, and if the Bank receives lower revenues than expected at a given time, it might 
require additional market funding in order to meet its obligations on its liabilities. While the Bank 
imposes strict limits on the gaps between its assets and its liabilities as part of its risk 
management procedures, it cannot be certain that these limits will be fully effective to eliminate 
potential losses arising from asset and liability mismatches. 
4.3 
Any downgrade of the Bank's credit ratings could weigh heavily on the profitability of the Bank. 
Credit ratings have a significant impact on the Bank's liquidity. On 24 June 2021, Standard & 
Poor's confirmed the long-term rating of the Bank's deposits and senior preferred debt rating 
as A+, confirmed its short-term rating as A-1 and revised the outlook from negative to stable. 
On 23 September 2021, Fitch maintained its long-term deposits and senior preferred debt 
ratings for the Bank at AA- and F1+ and revised its outlook to stable. On 4 December 2020, 
Moody's confirmed its long-term deposits and senior preferred debt rating as Aa3, and 
confirmed its short-term rating as P-1, with a stable outlook. On 29 June 2021, DBRS confirmed 
the Bank's senior preferred debt rating as AA (low), as well as its short-term rating as R-1 
(middle) with a stable outlook. A downgrade in the Bank's credit rating could affect the liquidity 
and competitive position of the Bank. It could also increase the Bank's borrowing costs, limit

--- Page 34 ---
RISKS 
 
34 
access to the capital markets or trigger additional obligations under its covered bonds or under 
certain bilateral provisions in some trading, derivative or collateralised financing contacts. 
In addition, the Bank's cost of obtaining long term unsecured funding from market investors is 
also directly related to its credit spreads, which in turn depend to a certain extent on its credit 
ratings. Increases in credit spreads can significantly increase the Bank's cost of funding. 
Changes in credit spreads are continuous, market driven, and subject at times to unpredictable 
and highly volatile movements. Credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of the 
Bank's creditworthiness. Furthermore, credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the 
cost to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to the Bank's debt obligations, which are 
influenced both by the credit quality of those obligations, and by a number of market factors 
that are beyond the control of the Bank. 
5. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment 
5.1 
Adverse economic and financial conditions have in the past had and may in the future have an 
impact on the Bank and the markets in which it operates. 
The Bank's business is sensitive to changes in the financial markets and more generally to 
economic conditions in France (32% of the Bank's revenues at 31 December 2021), other 
countries in Europe (45% of the Bank's revenues at 31 December 2021) and the rest of the 
world (23% of the Bank's revenues at 31 December 2021, including 5% related to activities of 
Bank of the West in the United States). A deterioration in economic conditions in the markets 
in the countries where the Bank operates and in the economic environment could in the future 
have, some or all of the following impacts: 
 
Adverse economic conditions affecting the business and operations of the Bank's 
customers, reducing credit demand and trading volume and resulting in an increased 
rate of default on loans and other receivables, in part as a result of the deterioration of 
the financial capacity of companies and households; 
 
A decline in market prices of bonds, equities and commodities affecting the businesses 
of the Bank, including in particular trading, investment banking and asset management 
revenues; 
 
Macroeconomic policies adopted in response to actual or anticipated economic 
conditions having unintended effects, and are likely to impact market parameters such 
as interest rates and foreign exchange rates, which in turn can affect the Bank's 
businesses that are most exposed to market risk; 
 
Perceived favourable economic conditions generally or in specific business sectors 
resulting in asset price bubbles, which could in turn exacerbate the impact of 
corrections when conditions become less favourable; 
 
A significant economic disruption (such as the global financial crisis of 2008, the 
European sovereign debt crisis of 2011 or the COVID-19 pandemic since 2020) having 
a substantial impact on all of the Bank's activities, particularly if the disruption is 
characterised by an absence of market liquidity that makes it difficult to sell certain 
categories of assets at their estimated market value or at all. These disruptions could 
also lead to a decline in transaction commissions and consumer loans; and 
 
A significant deterioration of market and economic conditions resulting from, among 
other things, adverse political and geopolitical events such as natural disasters, 
geopolitical tensions, health risks such as the COVID-19 health crisis and its aftermath, 
the fear or recurrence of new epidemics or pandemics, acts of terrorism, societal 
unrest, cyber-attacks, military conflicts or threats thereof and related risks (in particular, 
the ongoing war in Ukraine and related sanctions), may affect the operating 
environment for the Bank episodically or for extended periods. 
Since 2020, economies and financial markets have been, and should continue in 2022 to be, 
particularly sensitive to a number of factors, including the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and its economic consequences, in particular, the increase in sovereign and corporate debt 
that pre-dated the health crisis and has been aggravated by it, as well as the strength and

--- Page 35 ---
RISKS 
 
35 
staying power of the economic recovery following the crisis’ peak, which is itself dependent on 
a number of factors (see risk factor 7.1, "Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing 
coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their economic consequences may adversely affect the 
Group's business, operations, results and financial condition" below). 
In addition, numerous factors are currently affecting or may affect the economy and the financial 
markets in the coming months or years, in particular geopolitical tensions (notably in Eastern 
Europe, and in particular, the invasion of Ukraine, as discussed below), political risks directly 
affecting Europe, general trends in consumer and commodity prices characterised by high 
inflation, corresponding trends in wages, supply chain pressures, the changing economic 
situation in certain countries or regions that contribute to overall global economic growth, 
tensions around international trade and, as discussed below, the evolution of monetary policy 
and interest rates (these elements being affected by the above-mentioned factors). 
The invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing war, as well as the reaction of the international 
community, have been, continue to be, and could continue to be a source of instability for the 
Bank, depressing stock market indices, inflating commodity prices (notably oil, gas and 
agricultural products, such as wheat), aggravating supply chain disruption and causing an 
increase in production costs and inflation more generally. These events are expected to have 
economic and financial repercussions that will increase inflation and decrease global growth 
and the Bank and its clients could be adversely affected as a result. 
More generally, the volatility of financial markets could adversely affect the Bank's trading and 
investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, as well as its 
positions in other investments. For reference, Global Markets accounted for 14.8% of the 
Bank's revenues in 2021. Severe market disruptions and extreme market volatility have 
occurred often in recent years and may occur again in the future, which could result in significant 
losses for the Bank. Such losses may extend to a broad range of trading and hedging products, 
including swaps, forward and future contracts, options and structured products. The volatility of 
financial markets makes it difficult to predict trends and implement effective trading strategies. 
It is difficult to predict when economic or market downturns or other market disruptions will 
occur, and which markets will be most significantly impacted. If economic or market conditions 
in France or elsewhere in Europe, or global markets more generally, were to deteriorate or 
become more volatile, the Bank's operations could be disrupted, and its business, results of 
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
5.2 
Significant interest rate changes could adversely affect the Bank's revenues or profitability. The 
prolonged low interest rate environment carries inherent systemic risks, which could impact the 
Bank's income or profitability, and any exit from such environment would also carry risks. 
The net interest income recorded by the Bank during any given period significantly affects its 
overall revenues and profitability for that period. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many 
factors beyond the Bank's control, such as the rate of inflation, country-specific monetary 
policies and certain decisions concerning regulatory capital. Changes in market interest rates 
could affect the interest rates charged on interest-earning assets differently from the interest 
rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Any adverse change in the yield curve could cause a 
decline in net interest income generated by the Bank's lending activities. In addition, increases 
in the interest rates at which the Bank's short-term funding is available and maturity mismatches 
may adversely affect its profitability. 
Since the 2008-2009 financial crisis, global markets have been characterised by an extended 
period of low interest rates. This low interest rate environment has weighed significantly on 
banks' profitability, including that of the Bank, for a number of years. The relative impact on 
banks depends, in particular, on the proportion of their revenues represented by net interest 
income; this proportion was 46% for the Bank in 2021 (see the consolidated income statement 
for 2021, and the IFRS 5 reconciliation table in Chapter 3 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)). The situation has worsened since 2019 with the 
introduction of negative rates, particularly on placements by European banks with the ECB. If 
the low or even negative interest rate environment continues, despite higher inflation and the 
central banks’ reactions to it, the Bank's profitability could be affected or even decline. In this

--- Page 36 ---
RISKS 
 
36 
respect, central banks have – in 2020 and again in 2021 – increased their monetary support in 
the face of the recession caused by the health crisis of 2020 and 2021. A reduction in these 
accommodative policies by central banks, particularly in response to increasing inflation, has 
begun to be implemented by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the Bank of England and the ECB. For 
example, on 16 March 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve decided to raise its main benchmark 
interest rate by 0.25% and now plans to reduce its balance sheet by USD 95 billion per month. 
In addition, the ECB has ended its emergency pandemic purchase programme ("EPPP") in 
March 2022 and indicated that it will cease its targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
("TLTRO 3") by June 2022. However, despite the increasing level of inflation, the 
implementation of monetary tightening policies by the ECB could be delayed given the 
uncertainty resulting from the current economic situation. 
During periods of low interest rates, interest rate spreads tend to tighten, and the Bank may be 
unable to lower interest rates on deposits sufficiently to offset reduced income from lending at 
lower interest rates. Net interest income amounted to €21,312 million in 2020 and €21,209 
million in 2021, respectively. On an indicative basis, over one-, two- and three-year timeframes, 
the sensitivity of revenues at 31 December 2021 to a parallel, instantaneous and definitive 
increase in market rates of +50 basis points (+0.5%) across all currencies had an impact of 
+€127 million, +€537 million and +€694 million, respectively, or +0.3%, +1.2% and +1.5% of 
the Bank's net banking income. The negative interest rate environment in which banks are 
charged for cash deposited with central banks, whereas banks typically do not charge clients 
for deposits, weighs significantly on banks' margins. In addition, the Bank has been facing and 
may continue to face an increase in early repayment and refinancing of mortgages and other 
fixed rate consumer and corporate loans as clients take advantage of lower borrowing costs. 
This, along with the issuance of new loans at the low prevailing market interest rates, has 
resulted and may continue to result in a decrease in the average interest rate of the Bank's 
portfolio of loans thereby causing a decline in its net interest income from lending activities. 
Moreover, an environment of persistently low interest rates can also have the effect of flattening 
the yield curve in the market more generally, which could reduce the premium generated by 
the Bank from its funding activities. A flattening yield curve can also influence financial 
institutions to engage in riskier activities in an effort to earn the desired level of returns, which 
can increase overall market risk and volatility. Low interest rates may also affect the profitability 
and even the solvency of the insurance activities of French banks, including the Bank, 
particularly due to the prevalence in the market of life insurance contracts backed by euro-
denominated funds, which may not be able to generate sufficient returns to be competitive with 
other investment products. Low interest rates may also adversely affect commissions charged 
by the Bank's asset management subsidiaries on money market and other fixed income 
products. A reduction in credit spreads and decline in retail banking income resulting from lower 
portfolio interest rates may adversely affect the profitability of the Bank's retail banking 
operations. 
On the other hand, the end of a period of prolonged low interest rates, in particular due to the 
normalisation and tightening of monetary policy (as already initiated by some central banks and 
expected by the market) following the long period of accommodative monetary policies, or more 
generally, an economic recovery, or inflation at a higher level or lasting longer than expected 
by central banks, would also carry risks. If market interest rates were to rise generally, a portfolio 
featuring significant amounts of lower interest loans and fixed income assets would be expected 
to decline in value. If the Bank's hedging strategies are ineffective or provide only a partial 
hedge against such a change in value, the Bank could incur losses. Any sharper or more rapid 
than expected tightening could have a negative impact on the economic recovery, and 
consequently, the envisaged tightening of monetary policy could be delayed in some currency 
areas, such as the euro-zone, to reduce the risk of recession caused by the economic situation 
and the war in the Ukraine. On the lending side, it could in particular cause stress in loan and 
bond portfolios, possibly leading to an increase in non-performing exposures and defaults. More 
generally, the reduction of accommodative monetary policies already initiated by some central 
banks after a period of substantial liquidity infusions from asset purchases by central banks 
may, even if implemented progressively, lead to severe corrections in certain markets or asset 
classes (e.g. non-investment grade corporate and sovereign borrowers, certain sectors of 
equities and real estate) that particularly benefitted (including from very low risk premia as

--- Page 37 ---
RISKS 
 
37 
compared to historical averages) from the prolonged low interest rate and high liquidity 
environment, and such corrections could potentially be contagious to financial markets 
generally, including through substantially increased volatility. 
5.3 
Given the global scope of its activities, the Bank is exposed to country risk and to changes in 
the political, macroeconomic or financial contexts of a region or country. 
The Bank is subject to country risk, meaning the risk that economic, financial, political or social 
conditions in a given foreign country in which it operates could adversely affect the Bank's 
operations, its results, its financial condition or its business. The Bank monitors country risk and 
takes it into account in the fair value adjustments and cost of risk recorded in its financial 
statements. However, a significant change in political or macroeconomic environments, may 
require it to record additional charges or to incur losses beyond the amounts previously written 
down in its financial statements. In addition, factors specific to a country or region in which the 
Bank operates could make it difficult for it to carry out its business and lead to losses or 
impairment of assets. 
At 31 December 2021, the Bank's loan portfolio consisted of receivables from borrowers located 
in France (32%), Belgium and Luxembourg (16%), Italy (9%), other European countries (19%), 
North America, including the Bank of the West (13%), Asia (6%) and the rest of the world (5%). 
Adverse conditions that particularly affect these countries and regions would have a significant 
impact on the Bank. In addition, the Bank has significant exposures in countries outside the 
OECD, which are subject to risks that include political instability, unpredictable regulation and 
taxation, expropriation and other risks that are less present in more developed economies. 
In addition, the Bank is present in Ukraine, a country invaded in February 2022 and which has 
been a war zone since then, through its subsidiary UkrSibbank in which it holds a 60% stake 
alongside the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (40%). At 31 December 
2021, UkrSibbank’s balance sheet totaled approximately 0.08% of that of the Bank. The total 
equity of the subsidiary represented approximately 0.15% of consolidated equity of the Bank's 
share. At 31 December 2021, the Bank generated less than 0.5% of its pre-tax profit in Ukraine 
(see Chapter 8.6 (Information on locations and businesses in 2021) of the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English)). The Bank’s total gross on- and off-balance sheet 
exposures to Ukraine (which are concentrated on UkrSibbank) represented less than 0.09% of 
the Bank's gross exposures. The war in Ukraine has profoundly changed the continuing 
operations of local banks, which – since 24 February 2022 – are focused on the provision of 
payment instruments and services critical to the economy within the framework of the new 
regulations introduced by the Ukrainian central bank. In this context, the Bank has estimated 
that as of 31 March 2022, it exerts significant influence over UkrSibbank within the meaning of 
the applicable accounting standards. Consequently, in accordance with applicable accounting 
standards, the Bank has recorded, as of 31 March 2022, a 90% impairment of its shares in 
UkrSibbank amounting to EUR -159 million, as well as a loss of EUR 274 million relating to the 
recycling of the conversion reserve. 
With regard to Russia, which is subject to severe economic sanctions imposed notably by the 
European Union, the United States and the United Kingdom, gross on- and off- balance sheet 
exposures represented less than 0.07% of the Bank’s gross exposures. The amount of net 
residual exposures, both in Russia and Ukraine, is more limited given the way in which the 
Bank operates in these two markets and how it secures its activities, with guarantees and 
collateral. In addition, various customers or counterparties of the Bank, in particular financial 
institutions and corporates, conduct business in these countries or have exposure to borrowers 
in these countries or have significant suppliers in those countries and could see their financial 
position weakened by the conflict and its consequences, particularly due to the cessation of 
their business in Ukraine and/or Russia or the reduction or termination (voluntarily or 
involuntarily) of their supplies from these countries. The Bank is closely monitoring 
developments in the situation in conjunction with the authorities concerned and, in particular, 
the reactions of the international community with regard to economic sanctions.

--- Page 38 ---
RISKS 
 
38 
6. 
Regulatory Risks 
6.1 
Laws and regulations adopted in recent years, as well as current and future legislative and 
regulatory developments, may significantly impact the Bank and the financial and economic 
environment in which it operates. 
Laws and regulations have been enacted in the past few years, in particular in France, Europe 
and the United States, with a view to introducing a number of changes, some permanent, in the 
financial environment. The impact of the measures has changed substantially the environment 
in which the Bank and other financial institutions operate. 
The measures that have been adopted include: 
 
more stringent capital and liquidity requirements (particularly for global systemically 
important banks such as the Bank), as well as changes to the risk-weighting 
methodologies and the methods of using internal models that have led, could have led 
or could lead to increased capital requirements; 
 
restrictions on certain types of activities considered as speculative undertaken by 
commercial banks that are prohibited or need to be ring fenced in subsidiaries 
(particularly proprietary trading) and are subject to prudential requirements and 
autonomous funding; 
 
prohibitions or restrictions on fees for certain types of financial products or activities; 
 
enhanced recovery and resolution regimes, in particular the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive of 15 May 2014 (the "BRRD"), as amended from time to time, 
which strengthens powers to prevent and resolve banking crises in order to ensure that 
losses are borne largely by the creditors and shareholders of the banks and in order to 
keep the costs incurred by taxpayers to a minimum; 
 
the establishment of the national resolution funds by the BRRD and the creation of the 
Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") by the European Parliament and Council of the 
European Union in a resolution dated 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation"), as 
amended from time to time, which can initiate resolution proceedings for banking 
institutions such as the Bank, and the Single Resolution Fund (the "SRF"), the financing 
of which by the Bank (up to its annual contribution) can be significant; 
 
the establishment of national deposit guarantee schemes and a proposed European 
deposit guarantee scheme or deposit insurance which will gradually cover all or part of 
the guarantee schemes of participating countries; 
 
increased internal control and reporting requirements with respect to certain activities; 
 
the implementation of regulatory stress tests (including in relation to climate change 
risk) which could lead to additional regulatory capital requirements (see Chapter 5.7 
(Market Risk Stress Testing Framework) in the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English)); 
 
greater powers granted to the relevant authorities to combat money laundering and 
terrorism financing; 
 
more stringent governance and conduct of business rules and restrictions and 
increased taxes on employee compensation over specified levels; 
 
measures to improve the transparency, efficiency and integrity of financial markets and 
in particular the regulation of high frequency trading, more extensive market abuse 
regulations, increased regulation of certain types of financial products including 
mandatory reporting of derivative and securities financing transactions, requirements 
either to mandatorily clear, or otherwise mitigate risks in relation to, OTC derivative 
transactions (including through posting of collateral in respect of non-centrally cleared 
derivatives); 
 
the taxation of financial transactions;

--- Page 39 ---
RISKS 
 
39 
 
enhanced protection of personal data and cybersecurity requirements; 
 
enhanced disclosure requirements, including through the introduction of new 
disclosure requirements on (i) how banking groups providing asset management 
services, such as the Bank, integrate sustainability risks, negative impacts, sustainable 
investment objectives or the promotion of environmental or social attributes when 
making investment decisions, and (ii) how and to what extent banking groups 
themselves finance or develop economic activities that can be considered 
environmentally sustainable as defined in the European Taxonomy; 
 
the introduction of new requirements for the integration of climate risk into the risk 
measurement and management systems of banking groups, including through the 
publication of proposals for banks to manage and disclose climate risk; and 
 
strengthening the powers of supervisory bodies, such as the French Prudential 
Supervision and Resolution Authority (the "ACPR") and the creation of new authorities, 
including the adoption of the Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM") in October 
2013, pursuant to which the Bank is under the direct supervision of the ECB. 
These measures may have a significant adverse impact. For example, the introduction of a 
required contribution to the Single Resolution Fund resulted in a substantial additional expense 
for the Bank (the Bank made a €967 million contribution to the SRF in 2021). 
Measures relating to the banking sector could be further amended, expanded or strengthened. 
Moreover, additional measures could be adopted in other areas. It is impossible to predict what 
additional measures will be adopted or what their exact content will be, and, given the 
complexity of the issues and the uncertainty surrounding them, to determine their impact on the 
Bank. The effect of these measures, whether already adopted or that may be adopted in the 
future, has been and could continue to be a decrease in the Bank's ability to allocate its capital 
and capital resources to financing, limit its ability to diversify risks, reduce the availability of 
certain financing and liquidity resources, increase the cost of financing, increase the cost of 
compliance, increase the cost or reduce the demand for the products and services offered by 
the Bank, require the Bank to proceed with internal reorganizations, structural changes or 
reallocations, affect the ability of the Bank to carry on certain activities or to attract and/or retain 
talent and, more generally, affect its competitiveness and profitability, which could have an 
impact on its activities, financial condition and operating results. As a recent example, on 27 
October 2021 the European Commission presented a legislative package to finalise the 
implementation within the European Union of the Basel III agreement adopted by the Group of 
Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision ("GHOS") on 7 December 2017. This 
legislative package will in the next stage be discussed by the European Parliament and Council 
with a view to agreeing on a final text. In the impact assessment accompanying the legislative 
package, the European Commission estimated, on the basis of a European Banking Authority 
("EBA") impact study dated December 2020 and of additional European Commission’s 
estimates for some EU-specific adjustments, that the implementation of the final Basel III 
standards may result in an average increase in total minimum capital requirements ranging 
between 6.4% and 8.4% after a full implementation of the reform. On the basis of the EBA’s 
updated impact analysis taking into account the combined effect of the reform and the potential 
consequences of the health crisis, the European Commission opted to apply the new capital 
requirements to EU banks as of 1 January 2025, with a phase-in period during which the 
requirements will be gradually increased through 2030 (and 2032 for certain requirements). On 
this basis, the Bank has indicated a potential increase of 8% in its risk-weighted assets at the 
date of the first application announced for 1 January 2025, which implies a potential 8% 
increase in total minimum capital requirements resulting from the finalization of Basel III (fully 
loaded). This estimate is subject to change depending on potential changes in the draft text, in 
the Bank and in the macroeconomic context. 
The Bank is subject to extensive and evolving regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates. The Bank faces the risk of changes in legislation or regulation in all of the countries 
in which it operates, including, but not limited to, the following:

--- Page 40 ---
RISKS 
 
40 
 
monetary, liquidity, interest rate and other policies of central banks and regulatory 
authorities; 
 
changes in government or regulatory policy that may significantly influence investor 
decisions, in particular in the markets in which the Bank operates; 
 
changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the financial industry, such as rules 
relating to applicable governance, remunerations, capital adequacy and liquidity 
frameworks, restrictions on activities considered as speculative and recovery and 
resolution frameworks; 
 
changes in securities regulations as well as in financial reporting, disclosure and market 
abuse regulations; 
 
changes in the regulation of certain types of transactions and investments, such as 
derivatives and securities financing transactions and money market funds; 
 
changes in the regulation of market infrastructures, such as trading venues, central 
counterparties, central securities depositories, and payment and settlement systems; 
 
changes in the regulation of payment services, crowdfunding and fintech; 
 
changes in the regulation of protection of personal data and cybersecurity; 
 
changes in tax legislation or the application thereof; 
 
changes in accounting norms; 
 
changes in rules and procedures relating to internal controls, risk management and 
compliance; and 
 
expropriation, nationalization, price controls, exchange controls, confiscation of assets 
and changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership. 
These changes, the scope and implications of which are highly unpredictable, could 
substantially affect the Bank and have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Certain reforms not directed specifically at financial institutions, such as 
measures relating to the funds industry or promoting technological innovation (such as open 
data projects), could facilitate the entry of new players in the financial services sector or 
otherwise affect the Bank's business model, competitiveness and profitability, which could in 
turn affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
Finally, the accommodative policies implemented temporarily by national and European 
regulatory authorities in the context of the health crisis have either lapsed or are expected to 
lapse gradually, although their remaining course is not currently certain (see risk factor 7.1 
"Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their 
economic consequences may adversely affect the Bank's business, operations, results and 
financial condition" below). 
6.2 
The Bank may incur substantial fines and other administrative and criminal penalties for non-
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and may also incur losses in related (or 
unrelated) litigation with private parties. 
The Bank is exposed to regulatory compliance risk, i.e. the failure to comply fully with the laws, 
regulations, codes of conduct, professional norms or recommendations applicable to the 
financial services industry. This risk is exacerbated by the adoption by different countries of 
multiple and occasionally diverging and even conflicting legal or regulatory requirements. 
Besides damage to the Bank's reputation and private rights of action (including class actions), 
non-compliance could lead to material legal proceedings, fines and expenses (including fines 
and expenses in excess of recorded provisions), public reprimand, enforced suspension of 
operations or, in extreme cases, withdrawal by the authorities of operating licenses. This risk is 
further exacerbated by continuously increasing regulatory scrutiny of financial institutions as 
well as substantial increases in the quantum of applicable fines and penalties. Moreover, 
litigation by private parties against financial institutions has substantially increased in recent 
years. Accordingly, the Bank faces significant legal risk in its operations, and the volume and

--- Page 41 ---
RISKS 
 
41 
amount of damages claimed in litigation, regulatory proceedings and other adversarial 
proceedings against financial services firms have substantially increased in recent years and 
may increase further. The Bank may record provisions in this respect as indicated in Note 4.m 
"Provisions for contingencies and charges" to the consolidated financial statements for the 
period ended 31 December 2021, which are set out in the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English). 
In this respect, on 30 June 2014 the Bank entered into a series of agreements with, and was 
the subject of several orders issued by, U.S. federal and New York state government agencies 
and regulatory authorities in settlement of investigations into violations of U.S. laws and 
regulations regarding economic sanctions. The fines and penalties imposed on the Bank as 
part of this settlement included, among other things, the payment of monetary penalties 
amounting in the aggregate to $8.97 billion (€6.6 billion) and guilty pleas by BNP Paribas S.A., 
the parent company of the Bank, to charges of having violated U.S. federal criminal law and 
New York State criminal law. Following this settlement, the Bank remains subject to increased 
scrutiny by regulatory authorities (including via the presence of an independent consultant 
within the Bank) who are monitoring its compliance with a remediation plan agreed with them. 
The Bank is currently involved in various litigations and investigations, as summarised in Note 
7.b "Contingent liabilities: legal proceedings and arbitration" to the consolidated financial 
statements for the period ended 31 December 2021, which are set out in the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English). It may become involved in further such matters 
at any point. No assurance can be given that an adverse outcome in one or more of such 
matters would not have a material adverse effect on the Bank's operating results for any 
particular period. 
6.3 
The Bank could experience an unfavourable change in circumstances, causing it to become 
subject to a resolution proceeding: holders of securities of the Bank could suffer losses as a 
result. 
The BRRD, the SRM Regulation and the Ordinance of 20 August 2015, each as amended from 
time to time, confer upon the ACPR or the SRB the power to commence resolution proceedings 
for a banking institution, such as the Bank, with a view to ensuring the continuity of critical 
functions, avoiding the risks of contagion and recapitalizing or restoring the viability of the 
institution. These powers are to be implemented so that, subject to certain exceptions, losses 
are borne first by shareholders, then by holders of additional capital instruments qualifying as 
tier 1 and tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), then by the holders of non-preferred senior debt 
and finally by the holders of senior preferred debt, all in accordance with the order of their claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings. For reference, the Bank's medium- to long-term wholesale 
financing at 31 December 2021 consisted of the following: €10 billion of hybrid Tier 1 debt, €23 
billion of Tier 2 subordinated debt, €70 billion of senior unsecured non-preferred debt, €69 
billion of senior unsecured preferred debt and €17 billion of senior secured debt. 
Resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution measures with respect to 
institutions and groups subject to resolution proceedings, which may include (without limitation): 
the total or partial sale of the institution's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the 
separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of 
debt instruments, the full or partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital 
instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write down or conversion into 
equity of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the 
maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments), discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments, the 
dismissal of managers or the appointment of a special manager (administrateur spécial). 
Certain powers, including the full or partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of 
capital instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write down or 
conversion into equity of additional capital instruments qualifying as tier 1 and tier 2 (such as 
subordinated bonds), can also be exercised as a precautionary measure, outside of resolution 
proceedings and/or pursuant to the European Commission's State Aid framework if the 
institution requires exceptional public financial support.

--- Page 42 ---
RISKS 
 
42 
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to the Bank may result in significant 
structural changes to the Bank (including as a result of asset or business sales or the creation 
of bridge institutions) and in a partial or total write down, modification or variation of claims of 
shareholders and creditors. Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of the 
Bank's business or separation of any of its assets, in the holders of securities (even in the 
absence of any such write down or conversion) being left as the creditors of the Bank whose 
remaining business or assets are insufficient to support the claims of all or any of the creditors 
of the Bank. 
7. 
Risks related to the Bank's growth in its current environment 
7.1 
Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their 
economic consequences may adversely affect the Bank's business, operations, results and 
financial condition. 
A global pandemic linked to a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has severely disrupted 
economies and financial markets worldwide since 2020. The introduction of lockdown 
measures and other restrictions initially caused economies in many regions to contract, trade 
to decline, production capacity to decrease, growth forecasts to be cut and supply chains to be 
disrupted. In a second phase, the roll-out of vaccination campaigns and the adaptation of 
economic actors allowed the gradual adaptation of these measures and restrictions, leading to 
a recovery in economic activity. As a result, various growth forecasts converge on a strong 
economic recovery. For example, according to the January 2022 estimates and projections of 
the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF"), world economic growth is expected to be 5.9% in 
2021 and 4.4% in 2022. 
Nevertheless, uncertainties remain as to the strength and sustainability of the recovery, both in 
terms of the public health situation (e.g., the appearance of new strains of the virus) and the 
economy (which could lead to doubts as to the extent and durability of the recovery). In this 
respect, the outlook for 2022 was lowered for both emerging and developing countries, as well 
as for advanced countries, compared to the IMF projections published in October 2021. Various 
complicating factors will affect the trajectory of economic recovery.  International supply chains 
– which had been strained severely by pandemic-related mobility restrictions – remain heavily 
disrupted, generating shortages of certain consumer goods (such as a dearth of 
semiconductors causing delays in the production of telephones and automobiles) and oil and 
gas supply and labour market constraints, having both specific (for example, raw materials price 
increases) and general (i.e., inflation rate) effects on prices. 
Further, while various governments and central banks implemented and supplemented 
measures to support the economy and its recovery (to mitigate the adverse economic and 
market consequences of the pandemic) there can be no assurance that such measures will 
suffice to redress the pandemic’s negative impact on the regional or global economy over time, 
entirely compensate for or mitigate regional or global recessions (which occurred and could 
reoccur), or fully and over time prevent possible disruptions to the financial markets. 
The lifting of government support measures could also harm economic activity and the financial 
strength of economic actors. Overall, the crisis has impacted and may continue to impact the 
economies of the principal countries where the Group operates, particularly its domestic 
markets (France, Italy, Belgium and Luxembourg), which collectively represented 57% of its 
total gross credit exposures as of 31 December 2021. The Group’s results and financial 
condition have been and could continue to be adversely impacted by the effects of the crisis 
related to the pandemic and the resulting disruption of economic activity in the Group’s principal 
markets. In particular, the crisis significantly affected the Group's cost of risk in 2020, reflecting 
macroeconomic projections based on various scenarios applying the framework in place prior 
to the crisis. Under this framework, macroeconomic projections – specifically GDP estimates 
and forecasts – are key to calculating the cost of risk and the consequences of the health crisis 
included a decrease in GDP growth estimates for many of the Group's markets. The cost of risk 
calculation also takes into account the specific dynamics of the crisis in 2020, along with 
anticipated future impacts on credit and counterparty risk, including the consequences of 
lockdown measures on economic activity and the impact of government support measures and

--- Page 43 ---
RISKS 
 
43 
decisions. These factors contributed to the substantial increase in the Group's cost of risk in 
2020 (66 basis points). 
The 2021 financial year showed an improvement with an increase in revenues of 4.4% to 
€46,235 million and an increase in net income attributable to the Group, due to the increase in 
Domestic Markets revenues (+5.2% compared to 2020) with the rebound of the economy and 
the resilience of CIB revenues (+3.4% compared to 2020), but also by the decrease in the cost 
of risk (-48.8% compared to 2020), particularly in connection with improving economic 
forecasts. Nevertheless, revenues in the International Financial Services businesses remain 
impacted by the consequences of the health crisis (-1.2% compared to 2020). 
Developments in the current health crisis and market conditions have characteristics that could 
increase the probability and magnitude of various existing risks faced by the Group such as: 
(a) 
pressure on revenues due in particular to: 
(i) 
prolongation of the low interest rate environment; and  
(ii) 
lower revenues from fees and commissions;  
(b) 
renewed heightened risk linked to an economic slowdown due to inflationary pressures 
(energy prices, labour market tensions), supply chain disruption or withdrawal of 
government support measures;  
(c) 
risk of financial market disruption in the event of poorly anticipated changes in monetary 
policies; and  
(d) 
higher risk-weighted assets due to the deterioration of risk parameters, hence affecting 
the Group’s capital position. 
The Group's results and financial condition could also be harmed by negative trends in the 
financial markets, to the extent that the pandemic initially caused extreme market conditions 
(such as, volatility spikes, a sharp drop in equity markets, tensions on spreads, specific asset 
markets on hold). Uncertainties about the scope and durability of the economic recovery, the 
easing or strengthening of government support measures, and the pressures linked to supply 
chains and raw material procurement have generated and could generate unfavourable market 
conditions. Thus, unfavourable market conditions have had and could have an adverse impact 
on the Group's market activities, which accounted for 14.8% of its consolidated revenues in 
2021, resulting in trading or other market-related losses, as seen in 2020, following restrictions 
implemented on short-selling and dividend distributions (notably €184 million in the first quarter 
of 2020 related to the European authorities' restrictions on 2019 dividends). Further, certain of 
the Group's investment portfolios (for example, in its insurance subsidiaries) are accounted for 
on a mark-to-market basis and were impacted by adverse market conditions, particularly in the 
second quarter of 2020 and could continue to be impacted again in the future. 
The extent to which the short, medium and long-term economic consequences of the pandemic 
will continue to affect the Group's results and financial condition will depend largely on: 
(a) 
the intensity and duration of restrictive measures that have been put in place or their 
periodic reintroduction, depending on the evolution of the health situation; 
(b) 
the timing and extent of a return to pre-pandemic lifestyles, business operations and 
economic interactions; 
(c) 
the effects of the measures taken to date or future measures that may be taken by 
governments and central banks to attenuate the economic fallout of the pandemic or 
the terms and conditions for lifting these measures; and  
(d) 
the duration and extent of the pandemic’s remaining course, including the prospect of 
new waves or the appearance of new strains of the virus and, consequently, a 
reinstatement or strengthening of lockdown measures or other restrictions, such as in 
relation to travel, in the Group's various markets, as well as the pace and mechanisms 
of deployment of immunisation programmes. In addition, while the actions of European 
Union and member states’ authorities (in particular, central banks and governments) in 
response to the pandemic have to date helped, and may well continue to help attenuate

--- Page 44 ---
RISKS 
 
44 
its adverse economic and market consequences, the authorities have also issued and 
may continue to issue additional restrictions or recommendations in respect of banks' 
actions. In particular, in 2020 and 2021 they limited banks' flexibility in managing their 
business and taking action in relation to capital distribution, capital allocation and 
compensation policies. 
Due to the unprecedented environment generated by the COVID-19 crisis, various pandemic-
related uncertainties around public health, society and the economy persist. The consequences 
for the Group will depend on the duration of the impact of the crisis, the measures taken by 
governments and central banks and the ability of society to recover, and are therefore difficult 
to predict. 
7.2 
Should the Bank fail to implement its strategic objectives or to achieve its published financial 
objectives or should its results not follow stated expected trends, the trading price of its 
securities could be adversely affected. 
In connection with its annual results announced on 8 February 2022, the Bank announced a 
strategic plan for the 2022-2025 period. The plan includes financial and operational objectives, 
on a constant scope basis, as well as the expected impact of the redeployment of proceeds 
from the sale of Bank of the West, after adjusting for the dilution effect of the disposal on the 
Bank's results. The Bank's actual results could vary significantly from these trends for a number 
of reasons, including the occurrence of one or more of the risk factors described elsewhere in 
this section, in particular, as a result of the consequences of the COVID-19 health crisis which 
have had and could continue to have major repercussions on the economic outlook and cause 
financial market disruptions. If the Bank's results do not follow these trends, its financial 
condition and the value of its securities, as well as its financing costs, could be affected. 
Additionally, the Bank is pursuing an ambitious Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") policy 
and is committed to making a positive impact on society with concrete achievements. In 2021, 
the Bank strengthened its commitment to a sustainable economy and accelerated 
decarbonisation strategies, with the signing of the Net Zero Banking Alliance, the Net Zero 
Asset Owner Alliance, and the Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative. The Bank is thus taking 
strong positions, as a founding member of the United Nations Principles for Responsible 
Banking, which commits it to align its strategy with the Paris Agreement and the Sustainable 
Development Goals ("SDGs"). As part of the Bank's 2022-2025 strategic plan, it aims to 
mobilise €350 billion in ESG-related loans and bond issuances (loans to companies institutions, 
and individuals covering environmental and social issues and annual sustainable bond 
issuances) and to have €300 billion in sustainable responsible investments under management 
by 2025 (for example, BNP Paribas Asset Management's open-ended funds distributed in 
Europe and classified as funds that promote ESG characteristics or funds that have a 
sustainability objective for the purposes of the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
("SFDR")). If the Bank fails to meet these targets, which depend in part on factors beyond its 
control, its reputation could be harmed. 
7.3 
The Bank may experience difficulties integrating businesses following acquisition transactions 
and may be unable to realize the benefits expected from such transactions. 
The Bank engages in acquisition and combination transactions on a regular basis. The Bank's 
most recent major such transactions were the integration of the Bank's Prime Services and 
Electronic Equities platform with Deutsche Bank in 2019the acquisition of 100% of Exane, 
previously 50% owned by the Bank, finalised on 13 July 2021, and the acquisition of 100% of 
Floa, a subsidiary of Casino and Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale (via the Banque Fédérative 
du Crédit Mutuel - BFCM) and one of the French leaders in innovative payments, finalised on 
1 February 2022. These operational integration activities resulted, in 2021, in restructuring 
costs of €164 million.  Successful integration and the realization of synergies require, among 
other things, proper coordination of business development and marketing efforts, retention of 
key members of management, policies for effective recruitment and training as well as the 
ability to adapt information and computer systems. Any difficulties encountered in combining 
operations could result in higher integration costs and lower savings or revenues than expected. 
There will accordingly be uncertainty as to the extent to which anticipated synergies will be 
achieved and the timing of their realization. Moreover, the integration of the Bank's existing

--- Page 45 ---
RISKS 
 
45 
operations with those of the acquired operations could interfere with its respective businesses 
and divert management's attention from other aspects of the Bank's business, which could have 
a negative impact on the Bank's business and results. In some cases, moreover, disputes 
relating to acquisitions may have an adverse impact on the integration process or have other 
adverse consequences, including financial ones. 
Although the Bank undertakes an in depth analysis of the companies it plans to acquire, such 
analyses often cannot be complete or exhaustive. In the event that the Bank is unable to 
conduct comprehensive due diligence prior to an acquisition, it may acquire doubtful or troubled 
assets or businesses that may be unprofitable or have certain potential risks that only 
materialise after the acquisition. The acquisition of an unprofitable business or a business with 
materialised risks may have a significant adverse effect on the Bank's overall profitability and 
may increase its liabilities. 
7.4 
The Bank's current environment may be affected by the intense competition amongst banking 
and non-banking operators, which could adversely affect the Bank's revenues and profitability. 
Competition is intense in all of the Bank's primary business areas in France and the other 
countries in which it conducts a substantial portion of its business, including other European 
countries and the United States. Competition in the banking industry could intensify as a result 
of consolidation in the financial services area, as a result of the presence of new players in the 
payment and the financing services area or the development of crowdfunding platforms, as well 
as the continuing evolution of consumer habits in the banking sector. While the Bank has 
launched initiatives in these areas, such as the debut of Hello bank! and its acquisitions of 
Nickel and Floa, competitors subject to less extensive regulatory requirements or to less strict 
capital requirements (e.g., debt funds, shadow banks), or benefiting from economies of scale, 
data synergies or technological innovation (e.g., internet and mobile operators, digital 
platforms, fintechs) or free access to customer financial data could be more competitive by 
offering lower prices and more innovative services to address the new needs of consumers. 
New technologies that facilitate or transform transaction processes and payment systems, such 
as blockchain technologies and related services, or that could significantly impact the 
fundamental mechanisms of the banking system, such as central bank digital currencies 
("CBDC"), have been developed in recent years or could be developed in the near future. While 
it is difficult to predict the effects of these developments and the regulations that apply to them, 
the use of such technology could nevertheless reduce the market share of banks, including the 
Bank, secure investments that otherwise would have used technology used by more 
established financial institutions, such as the Bank or, more broadly, lead to the emergence of 
a different monetary system in which the attractiveness of using established financial 
institutions, such as the Bank, would be affected. If such developments continue to gain 
momentum, particularly with the support of governments and central banks, and if the Bank is 
unable to respond to the competitive environment in France or in its other major markets by 
offering more attractive, innovative and profitable product and service solutions than those 
offered by current competitors or new entrants or if some of these activities were to be carried 
out by institutions other than banks, it may lose market share in key areas of its business or 
incur losses on some or all of its activities. In addition, downturns in the economies of its 
principal markets could add to the competitive pressure, through, for example, increased price 
pressure and lower business volumes for the Bank and its competitors. It is also possible that 
the imposition of more stringent requirements (particularly capital requirements and business 
restrictions) on large or systemically significant financial institutions, that new players may not 
be subject to, could lead to distortions in competition in a manner adverse to large private sector 
institutions such as the Bank. 
7.5 
The Bank could experience business disruption and losses due to climate change risks such 
as transition risks, physical risks or liability risks. 
The Bank is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own 
operations or indirectly through its financing and investment activities. There are two main types 
of risks related to climate change: (i) transition risks, which result from changes in the behaviour 
of economic and financial actors in response to the implementation of energy policies or 
technological changes; (ii) physical risks, which result from the direct impact of climate change

--- Page 46 ---
RISKS 
 
46 
on people and property through extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising water 
levels or increasing temperatures. In addition, liability risks may arise from both categories of 
risk. They correspond to the damages that a legal entity would have to pay if it were found to 
be responsible for global warming. The Bank is progressively integrating the assessment of 
these risks into its risk management system. The Bank monitors these risks in the conduct of 
its business, in the conduct of its counterparties' business, and in its investments on its own 
behalf and on behalf of third parties. In this respect, the specific credit policies and the General 
Credit Policy have been enhanced since 2012 and 2014 respectively, with the addition of 
relevant clauses in terms of social and environmental responsibility. In addition, sector-specific 
policies and policies excluding certain environmental, social and governance ("ESG") sectors 
from financing have also been put in place. In 2019, as part of the fight against climate change, 
the Bank made new commitments to reduce its exposure to thermal coal to zero by 2030 in the 
OECD and by 2040 for the rest of the world. The Bank is thus taking strong positions, as a 
founding member of the United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking, which commits it 
to align its strategy with the Paris Agreement and the SDGs. As part of the Bank's 2022-2025 
strategic plan, it aims to mobilize €350 billion in ESG-related loans and bond issuances (loans 
to companies, institutions and individuals covering environmental and social issues and annual 
sustainable bonds issuances) and to have €300 billion in sustainable responsible investments 
under management by 2025 (for example, BNP Paribas Asset Management's open-ended 
funds distributed in Europe and classified as funds that promote ESG characteristics or funds 
that have a sustainability objective for the purposes of SFDR). By the end of 2015, the Bank 
had already significantly strengthened its criteria for financing and investing in the coal sector, 
and in 2017, it was the first bank to announce the cessation of its financing activities for 
companies that derive most of their revenues from non-conventional hydrocarbons, measures 
that remain to date among the most advanced in the sector. These decisions are also reflected 
in the energy mix that the Bank finances. The Bank also supports its clients, both individuals 
and businesses, in their transition to a low-carbon economy. The Bank also aims to reduce the 
environmental footprint of its own operations. Despite the actions taken by the Bank to monitor 
risks and combat climate change, physical, transition or liability risks related to climate change 
could disrupt business or lead to losses. 
7.6 
Changes in certain holdings in credit or financial institutions could have an impact on the Bank's 
financial position. 
Certain classes of assets may carry a high risk-weight of 250%. These assets include: credit or 
financial institutions consolidated under the equity method within the prudential scope, 
(excluding insurance); significant financial interest in credit or financial institutions in which the 
Bank holds a stake of more than 10%; and deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability 
and arise from temporary differences. 
The risk-weighted assets carrying a risk-weight of 250% amounted to €18 billion at 31 
December 2021, or 2% of the total risk-weighted assets of the Bank. If the Bank increases the 
amount of heavy risk-weighted assets (either by increasing the proportion of such heavy risk-
weighted assets in its overall asset portfolio or due to an increase of the regulatory risk-
weighting applicable to these assets), its capital adequacy ratios may be lowered. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
In addition to the risks relating to the Issuer (including default risk) that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes, a number of the risks described below may be relevant to a specific 
Series of Notes, depending on the terms of those Notes.  The effect of this compounding of risks is 
likely to increase the volatility of the Notes and increase the possibility that a Noteholder loses some or 
all of their investment or does not receive the anticipated return. 
Such risks will vary depending on the type of Notes issued, in particular in relation to Notes 
("Underlying Reference Linked Notes") the interest and/or redemption amount in respect of which is 
linked to the value of one or more index, share (including shares which are attached to each other 
trading as a single unit ("Stapled Shares")), GDR or ADR, inflation index, commodity, commodity index, 
unit, interest or share in a fund, fund index (or basket of fund indices), a euro fund insurance or 
investment policy or capitalisation contract, the credit of one or more reference entity, interest in an 
exchange traded funds, exchange traded notes, exchange traded commodities or other exchange

--- Page 47 ---
RISKS 
 
47 
traded products (each an "exchange traded instrument" or "ETI"), foreign exchange rate, underlying 
interest rate or the combination of any of the foregoing or such other underlying or basis of reference 
(each an "Underlying Reference"). 
Risks relating to the structure of the Notes 
Risks associated with specific types of Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Resettable Notes 
A holder of securities with an interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the relevant 
securities, such as Resettable Notes, is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. This may negatively affect a holder's overall return on its investment. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not 
able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. 
If the Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to 
issue both Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating 
Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes, and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium, than on the prices of ordinary 
notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, 
Zero Coupon Notes, and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium, can suffer higher price 
losses than other notes having the same maturity and credit rating, which in turn could negatively affect 
a Noteholder's overall return on its investment. 
Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
Underlying Reference Linked Notes are securities which often do not provide for predetermined 
redemption amounts and/or interest payments but amounts payable (whether in respect of principal 
and/or interest) or deliverable will be dependent upon the performance of the Underlying Reference 
which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, correlation, time 
value, political and/or other risks.  The exposure to the Underlying Reference in many cases will be 
achieved by the Issuer entering into hedging arrangements.  Prospective purchasers should note that 
under the terms of Underlying Reference Linked Notes they are exposed to the performance of these 
hedging arrangements and the events that may affect these hedging arrangements and consequently 
the occurrence of any of these events may affect the value of the Notes. An investment in Underlying 
Reference Linked Notes therefore entails significant risks that are not associated with similar 
investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. In addition, there may be regulatory 
and other ramifications associated with the ownership of Underlying Reference Linked Notes. General 
and specific risks relating to Underlying Reference Linked Notes are set out below. 
An early redemption of the Notes may have an adverse economic effect on Noteholders 
In the event that the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding as provided in Condition 6 of the English Law Notes or Condition 6 of the French Law 
Notes, the Issuer may redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with the Conditions of 
the Notes. 
In the event that one or more Events of Default (as defined in General Condition 8 of the English Law 
Notes or General Condition 8 of the French Law Notes) occur, the Notes (other than Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Preferred Notes, the Conditions of which provide that

--- Page 48 ---
RISKS 
 
48 
no Events of Default are applicable) may become immediately due and repayable at their Early 
Redemption Amount.  In addition, in the case of certain Underlying Reference Linked Notes, if 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on 
the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event the Notes will be automatically redeemed at 
their Automatic Early Redemption Amount.  Also in the case of certain Underlying Reference Linked 
Notes, if an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs (and 
"Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event" is not specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in circumstances where the Notes are to be redeemed prior to 
the Maturity Date is specific to each Early Redemption Event specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Calculation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms may vary in respect of each Early 
Redemption Event and (in respect of Underlying Reference Linked Notes) may not take into account 
the potential return on the performance of such Underlying Reference(s). Following an early 
redemption, a Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds (if any) at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Notes being redeemed, and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. As a consequence, the Noteholder may lose some or 
all of their investment. Prospective purchasers should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Risks Relating to Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes 
In the case of Notes that include an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the longer the time remaining 
until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, the higher the probability that an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event will occur. 
In the event that the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying Reference approaches the level that 
triggers the Automatic Early Redemption Event, the Noteholder may not be able to sell the Notes in the 
secondary market before the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event (see also "Possible 
Illiquidity of the Notes in the Secondary Market" below). 
If the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying Reference(s) reaches the level that triggers the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, the product will automatically redeem before the scheduled maturity 
date. Depending on the applicable payout the Noteholder may lose some or all of their investment in 
the Notes. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option (subject, for Subordinated Notes and Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to certain conditions), this may limit 
the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer. Such right of termination is often provided for securities in periods of high interest rates. If the 
market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem 
the Notes early increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, the Noteholder may not receive the total amount of 
the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. As a 
consequence, the Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment. 
Minimum trading amount may affect a Noteholder's ability to transfer their Notes 
If the Notes have a minimum trading amount, a Noteholder will not be permitted to transfer its Notes 
prior to redemption without purchasing enough additional Notes to hold the minimum trading amount.  
The Noteholder may not be able to purchase additional Notes, in which case they will have to wait until 
redemption of the Notes to realise any value. If they are able to purchase additional Notes, this may be 
at a price higher than their original investment and is likely to adversely affect the overall return they 
achieve on their investment.

--- Page 49 ---
RISKS 
 
49 
Risks associated with Notes traded in integral multiples that are different to the minimum 
Specified Denomination 
If the Notes are traded in denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or 
more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, such Notes may be traded in amounts in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. If at any time a Noteholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination they would not be able to sell or transfer the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination. In 
these circumstances, there is a risk that the price to purchase additional Notes may be greater than the 
original price paid by the investor and/or such Notes may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Notes may be undated securities with no specified maturity date 
The Notes may be undated securities with no fixed redemption or maturity date. The Issuer is under no 
obligation to redeem the undated Notes at any time. The Noteholders may not have the right to require 
the redemption of the Notes except if (i) an Event of Default occurs, in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes, or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for liquidation (liquidation judiciaire 
or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
Risk related to the absence of restrictions regarding the ability of the Issuer to issue other notes of equal 
or senior ranking 
The Conditions of the Notes do not contemplate any restrictions limiting the amount of debt securities 
of equal or senior ranking that the Issuer could issue. The issuance of such securities could reduce the 
amount the holders of Notes would receive in case of liquidation of the Issuer. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms at the start of an offer period in respect of the 
issue price, Gearing, Gearing Up, FR Rate, Rate component, AER Exit Rate, Bonus Coupon, Up Cap 
Percentage, any Constant Percentage, barrier value or level, Floor Percentage, Knock-in Level and/or 
Knock-out Level, prospective purchasers of Notes should note that the actual price, rate, level or 
percentage, as applicable, selected from within the indicative range specified for the issue price, 
Gearing, Gearing Up, FR Rate, Rate component, AER Exit Rate, Bonus Coupon, Up Cap Percentage, 
any Constant Percentage, barrier value or level, Floor Percentage, Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out 
Level, as applicable, in respect of any Notes may have a negative impact on the interest payable and/or 
final return on the Notes when compared with another price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, 
within the indicative range. 
If the rate of interest payable on the English Law Notes or the amount payable or deliverable on 
redemption of the English Law Notes changes during the life of the Notes, Noteholders may receive 
less than expected 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer exercises its Coupon Switch Election or Payout 
Switch Election or if an Automatic Coupon Switch Event or Automatic Payout Switch Event occurs (see 
Condition 3(k) of the English Law Notes (Coupon Switch)) (in the case of a Coupon Switch Election or 
an Automatic Coupon Switch Event) or Condition 5(m) of the English Law Notes (Payout Switch) (in the 
case of a Payout Switch Election or an Automatic Payout Switch Event), the coupon or redemption 
payout, as the case may be, on such Notes will change during the life of the Notes and investors may 
receive a return which differs from, and may be significantly less than, that which they expected to 
receive as of the Issue Date or they may receive no return. 
The terms of the Notes do not contain a negative pledge and the Issuer is entitled to incur additional debt 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes and the Conditions of the Notes place no restrictions 
on the incurrence by the Issuer of additional obligations that rank pari passu with, or senior to, the 
Notes. In addition, the Issuer may pledge assets to secure other notes or debt instruments without 
granting an equivalent pledge or security interest and status to the Notes. An increase of the outstanding 
amount of such securities or other liabilities could reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by the 
Noteholders on a winding-up of the Issuer, if the amount outstanding exceeds the assets of the Issuer. 
Noteholders could suffer a loss of their entire investment if the Issuer becomes insolvent (whether 
voluntarily or otherwise).

--- Page 50 ---
RISKS 
 
50 
Risks Relating to the Market 
The trading market for the Notes may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities is influenced by the economic and market conditions, interest rates, 
currency exchange rates and inflation rates in Europe and other industrialised countries and areas. 
There can be no assurance that events in France, Europe or elsewhere will not cause market volatility 
or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Notes or that economic and market conditions 
will not have any other adverse effect. 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Notes is below the Final Redemption Amount or 
the value of the Entitlement, as applicable and accordingly, Noteholders may receive an amount or an 
asset with a value significantly lower than the amount that they invested to purchase the Notes. 
A Note's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value 
Prospective investors in the Notes should note that the purchase price of a Note does not necessarily 
reflect its inherent value.  Any difference between a Note's purchase price and its inherent value may 
be due to a number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and 
fees, discounts or commissions paid or accorded to the various parties involved in structuring and/or 
distributing the Note. Any such difference in value could negatively affect the return an investor may 
receive. For further information prospective investors should refer to the party from whom they are 
purchasing the Notes.  Prospective purchasers may also wish to seek an independent valuation of 
Notes prior to their purchase. 
Possible illiquidity of the Notes in the secondary market 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop, and, if one does develop, it may not be 
maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market 
or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. If additional and competing 
products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. It is not possible 
to predict the price at which Notes will trade in the secondary market. The Issuer may, but is not obliged 
to, list Notes on a stock exchange. Also, to the extent Notes of a particular issue are redeemed in part, 
the number of Notes of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the 
remaining Notes of such issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in turn, an 
increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Notes.  A lack of liquidity for the Notes 
may mean that investors are not able to sell their Notes or may not be able to sell their Notes at a price 
equal to the price which they paid for them, and consequently investors may suffer a partial or total loss 
of the amount of their investment. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. 
Holders of Notes denominated in any currency other than their domestic currency are exposed to the 
risk of changing foreign exchange rates (including devaluation of the Specified Currency of the Notes 
or revaluation of the holder's home currency). This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates 
to the Issuer or the type of Note being issued. 
A credit rating reduction may result in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. Such perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to the 
outstanding securities of BNPP by standard statistical rating services, such as Moody's, Standard & 
Poor's, DBRS Morningstar and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding debt 
securities of BNPP by one of these or other rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading 
value of the Notes. 
Exchange control risks 
There is a risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Settlement Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and/or the currency in which the Notes are denominated, such as government 
and monetary authorities, may impose or modify (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability to transfer of funds in and out of

--- Page 51 ---
RISKS 
 
51 
the relevant country. Such exchange controls, if imposed would have a negative impact on the amount 
a Noteholder is able to realise from Notes denominated in an affected Settlement Currency. 
The imposition of exchange controls in respect of a Relevant Currency could significantly increase the 
risk of an FX Settlement Disruption Event (as defined in Condition 4(a)(II)(vi) (Payments, Physical 
Delivery and Exchange of Talons) of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(a)(vi) (Payments and 
Physical Delivery) of the French Law Notes) occurring. If a FX Settlement Disruption Event occurs, 
payments of principal and/or interest (if applicable) may (i) occur at a different time than expected and 
that no additional amount of interest will be payable in respect of any delay in payment of principal 
and/or interest and (ii) be made in USD. The occurrence of an FX Settlement Disruption Event could 
have a significant adverse impact on the amount a Noteholder receives in respect of the Notes and may 
mean that the Noteholder is unable to receive payment in the desired currency. If the Noteholder 
receives payment in USD, it may not be able to exchange the amount received into the relevant 
Settlement Currency or it may only be able to do so at an exchange rate that significantly adversely 
impacts the amount the Noteholder ultimately receives in the Settlement Currency. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in CNY 
Where the Notes are denominated in CNY, prospective investors in the Notes should note that CNY is 
not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") 
continues to regulate conversion between CNY and foreign currencies. 
Although from 1 October 2016, Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing rights basket created 
by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle 
cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China in 
2018, the PRC government may not liberalise the control over cross-border CNY remittances in the 
future or that new PRC regulations may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting 
the remittance of CNY into or outside the PRC. 
The current size of CNY-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. The limited availability 
of CNY outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to 
source CNY in the offshore market to service the Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such 
CNY on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Where the Notes are denominated in CNY, all payments to investors in respect of the Notes will be 
made solely by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre (for this 
purpose, excluding the PRC) in accordance with prevailing rules and procedures. The Issuer cannot be 
required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank 
account in the PRC unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event may lead to postponement or payment in an 
alternative currency 
Access to CNY funds for the purposes of making payments under the Notes or generally may not remain 
available or may become restricted. If the applicable Final Terms specify that "CNY Payment Disruption 
Event" is applicable to the Notes, and the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that a CNY Payment Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing 
and such event is material in relation to the Issuer's payment obligations under the Notes, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Affected Payment Date may be postponed 
to a later date or the Issuer's payment obligations under the Notes may be replaced with the obligation 
to pay the Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or other 
amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Date or the relevant CNY Payment 
Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be. 
Withholding tax 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
RISKS 
 
52 
Legal risks 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally (see Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 12 of the French Law Notes (Meeting and Voting Provisions)). These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant meeting, Noteholders who did not consent to the Written Resolutions and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  General meetings or written consultations may deliberate 
on any proposal relating to the modification of the conditions of the Notes subject, in the case of French 
Law Notes, to the limitations provided by French law.  Only holders of French Law Notes will, in certain 
circumstances, be grouped for the defence of their common interests in a separate legal entity called 
"Masse" (as defined in General Condition 12 (Meeting and Voting Provisions)). If the applicable Final 
Terms specify "No Masse", Noteholders will not be grouped in a masse having legal personality 
governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce and will not be represented by a 
representative of the masse. While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Conditions will 
need to be amended during the term of the Notes by a meeting of the Noteholders, if a decision is 
adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, 
this may negatively affect the market value of the Notes, although the probability of such a decision 
being taken by Noteholders is considered to be low. 
Risks related to the intragroup merger of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and its parent company, 
BNP Paribas SA  
BNPP and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA ("BP2S") are implementing an intragroup 
reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BP2S, as the 
"absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which is governed by 
Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BP2S (through its branch in Luxembourg) acts as Principal 
Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar and BP2S acts as a Paying Agent under the Programme.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the intragroup merger is due to take place on 1 October 2022, 
subject to ongoing consultation with local work councils in some countries. BP2S is currently a distinct 
legal entity within the BNP Paribas Group, although it is wholly owned by BNPP. The intragroup merger 
will see this distinct legal entity cease to exist and the business of BP2S will instead be provided via 
BNPP. Following the intragroup merger, BNPP will become Principal Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and 
Registrar (through its branch in Luxembourg) under the Programme. 
The intragroup merger could impact the continuity of business operations, particularly when unrelated 
companies are involved. Since BP2S is a consolidated subsidiary of BNPP, the intragroup merger is 
not expected to have any material adverse effect on the business of BP2S or BNPP. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
BNPP and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may engage in activities or arrangements in a range of 
capacities that may result in conflicts of interest between their own financial interests and those of any 
Noteholders, for example, by: 
(i) 
engaging in trading activities (including hedging activities) relating to the Underlying Reference 
or Reference Entity and other instruments or derivative products based on or relating to the 
Underlying Reference or Reference Entity of any Notes for their proprietary accounts or for 
other accounts under their management; 
(ii) 
underwriting future offerings of shares or other securities relating to an issue of Notes or acting 
as financial adviser or in a commercial banking capacity to certain companies or companies 
whose shares or other securities are included in a basket in respect of a Series of Notes; 
(iii) 
acting in a number of different capacities in relation to an underlying Index (including a Custom 
Index), including, but not limited to, as issuer of the constituents of the Index (or Custom Index, 
as the case may be), index sponsor or calculation agent;

--- Page 53 ---
RISKS 
 
53 
(iv) 
engaging in business, such as investing in, extending loans to, providing advisory services to, 
entering into financing or derivative transactions with a company that has issued shares or debt 
instruments, a fund that has issued fund shares or units, an exchange traded instrument 
comprising the relevant Underlying Reference or a Reference Entity; 
(v) 
receiving a fee for performing any services or entering into any transactions described above; 
(vi) 
publishing research reports relating to any Underlying Reference or Reference Entity, which 
express views that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes; or 
(vii) 
making determinations regarding the occurrence of various events in respect of the Notes and 
the applicable consequences in its role as Calculation Agent or Issuer, as the case may be, of 
the Notes. 
Any of the conflicts of interest described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes and the return a Noteholder can expect to receive on their Notes, as none of BNPP and/or any 
of its Affiliates or agents, acting in any capacity, is required to have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Prospective purchasers should also refer to the description of the role of the Calculation 
Agent in the "Investment Considerations" section below. 
Following the intragroup merger of BP2S and BNPP described in "Risks related to the intragroup merger 
of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and its parent company, BNP Paribas SA" above, BNPP will 
perform various agency roles in place of BP2S (including its branch in Luxembourg) under the 
Programme. As a result, potential conflicts of interest may arise between these roles. Such potential 
conflicts of interests are mitigated using different management teams and information barriers within 
BNPP, but the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be completely eliminated. 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the English Law Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  The Conditions of the French Law Notes are based on French law in effect as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus.  There may be judicial decisions or changes to administrative practice or 
changes to English law or French law, as applicable, after the date of this Base Prospectus and any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
French Insolvency Law 
BNPP is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that BNPP becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of BNP Paribas is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, which has applied 
since 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adopting 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, "affected parties" 
(including in particular creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes 
which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes 
will be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient common interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, Noteholders will be treated in the same way as other affected 
parties and will be grouped into one or more classes (potentially including other types of creditors) and 
their dissenting vote may be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
Neither the scope of Directive (EU) 2019/1023 nor the scope of the ordonnance cover financial 
institutions, unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. As a consequence, the 
application of French insolvency law to a credit institution, such as BNPP is also subject to the prior 
permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, 
judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the Noteholders 
to recover their investments in the Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
RISKS 
 
54 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against BNPP would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of the Notes issued by BNPP. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of 
affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and could result in a loss of 
some or all of their investment, should they not be able to recover some or all of the amounts due to 
them from BNPP. 
The implementation of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could materially affect the Notes 
and their holders 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") provides for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms. The BRRD has been implemented in France by several legislative texts, to provide 
authorities with, among other powers, a credible set of tools (the "BRRD Resolution Tools") to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity, so as to ensure the 
continuity of that institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of its 
potential failure on the economy and financial system. 
Following a review of BRRD, Directive no. 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD 2") was adopted. 
BRRD 2 was transposed into French law by Ordinance n°2020-1636 of 20 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector and Decree n°2020-1703 of 24 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector and took effect from 28 December 2020. 
If the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the conditions 
set by BRRD, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD 
Resolution Tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any 
shortfall from the sale of the Issuer's assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amounts 
of certain claims of unsecured creditors of that entity (including, as the case may be, the Notes), or, in 
a worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including, as the 
case may be, the Notes) might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other 
instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or 
cancellation being first on common equity tier one instruments, thereafter the reduction, cancellation or 
conversion being on additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments (including, as the case 
may be, the Subordinated Notes) and other subordinated debts, then other eligible liabilities (including, 
as the case may be, certain Senior Notes)). The relevant resolution authority may also seek to amend 
the terms (such as variation of the maturity) of any outstanding unsecured debt securities (including, as 
the case may be, the Notes) (as further described in Condition 17 of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 15 of the French Law Notes (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption)). 
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last 
resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, to the 
maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all 
or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
Article 48(7) of BRRD provides that Member States of the EEA shall ensure that all claims resulting 
from own funds instruments, as defined by the CRR (the "Own Funds") (such as the Subordinated 
Notes for so long as they qualify as Own Funds) have, in normal insolvency proceedings, a lower priority 
ranking than any claim that does not result from Own Funds. Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code 
monétaire et financier as amended by Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector has implemented Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law 
and as provided for in Condition 2(b) (Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. Consequently, should the

--- Page 55 ---
RISKS 
 
55 
principal and interest of the Subordinated Notes issued on or after 28 December 2020 pursuant to the 
abovementioned Ordinance be fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital, claims related to such Subordinated 
Notes shall have a higher priority ranking than any liabilities resulting from Own Funds. As a result, any 
Series of Subordinated Notes or other capital instruments (including instruments initially ranking lower 
than the Subordinated Notes, such as Additional Tier 1 instruments) issued after 28 December 2020 
will, if they are no longer recognized as capital instruments, change ranking so they will rank senior to 
the Subordinated Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, such change to a more senior rank would occur 
over the life of the relevant Subordinated Notes automatically as per the terms of their Terms and 
Conditions without consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other 
Notes outstanding at such time. 
As a consequence, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, in the event of the voluntary liquidation (liquidation amiable) of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of holders of Subordinated 
Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of present and future unsubordinated creditors 
(including depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes) or other 
creditors whose claim ranks in priority to the Subordinated Notes (including holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other present and future creditors whose claims rank 
senior to the Subordinated Notes (including instruments initially ranking junior to the Subordinated 
Notes such as additional tier 1 instruments – issued after 28 December 2020 which are no longer fully 
or partly recognised as Capital Instruments and which have, consequently, changed ranking pursuant 
to Condition 2(b) (Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) and, consequently, the risk of non-payment for the 
Subordinated Notes which are recognized as capital instruments would be increased. In the event of 
incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors or other creditors whose claim ranks in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes on the liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes will be terminated by operation of law and noteholders will lose their investment in 
the Subordinated Notes. 
Further, there is no restriction on the issuance by the Issuer of additional senior obligations. As a 
consequence, if the Issuer enters into voluntary or judicial liquidation proceedings (liquidation amiable 
ou liquidation judiciaire) or is liquidated for any other reason, the Issuer will be required to pay potentially 
substantial amounts of senior obligations (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) before any payment is made in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior obligations (such 
as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). As a consequence, there is a 
substantial risk that investors in Subordinated Notes will lose all or a significant part of their investment 
should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer of Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission of 
the Relevant Regulator 
The Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as required by the Relevant 
Rules (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the English Law Notes and Condition 5(e) of the French Law 
Notes), redeem a Series of Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, at their principal amount, 
together with all interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption upon the occurrence of certain 
specified events. 
Such right of termination is often provided for securities in periods of high interest rates. If the market 
interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem the Notes 
early increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, 
and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid 
by the Noteholder. As a consequence, the Noteholder may not receive the total amount of the capital 
invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption 
may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. As a consequence, 
the Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment.

--- Page 56 ---
RISKS 
 
56 
Differences between Subordinated Notes and the bank's covered deposits in terms of yield, risk and 
liquidity 
Prior to acquiring Subordinated Notes, prospective purchasers should note that there are a number of 
key differences between Subordinated Notes and bank deposits including: 
(i) 
Claims in relation to the payment of principal and interest under Subordinated Notes rank four 
levels below claims under the so-called "covered deposits" (being deposits below the EUR 
100,000 threshold benefiting from the protection of the deposit guarantee scheme in 
accordance with Directive 2014/49/EU); 
(ii) 
generally, demand deposits will be more liquid than Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
generally, Subordinated Notes will benefit from a higher yield than a covered deposit 
denominated in the same currency and having the same maturity. The higher yield usually 
results from the higher risk associated with Subordinated Notes. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
In order to be eligible to satisfy the MREL of the Issuer, Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated 
to existing senior debt and Senior Preferred Notes and bailed in before such senior debt in the event of 
resolution under the BRRD. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be higher 
than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior 
liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior 
Preferred Notes which are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution 
under the BRRD and the Senior Non Preferred Notes become subject to the application of the general 
bail-in tool (as defined below) or (ii) insolvent. Thus, such holders of Senior Preferred Notes face an 
increased performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Obligations. 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Noteholders 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of the senior preferred creditors 
of the Issuer and any other creditors that are senior to the Notes. In the event of incomplete payment 
of senior preferred creditors and other creditors ranking ahead of the claims of the holders of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the principal of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will be terminated. 
The qualification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments is subject to 
uncertainty 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements (as defined in Condition 5(o) of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(o) of the French 
Law Notes) (the "MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments"). If they are not MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments 
(or if they initially are MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a 
change in Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations), then an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will occur 
and the Notes may be subject to early redemption (see "An early redemption of the Notes may have an 
adverse economic effect on Noteholders") and as a result, investors may lose part of or their entire 
investment. 
Substitution and variation of the English law governed Senior Non Preferred Notes by the Issuer without 
consent from Noteholders may result in the terms of such Notes being less favourable 
If a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, in respect of 
the English law Notes only, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that 
they become or remain Qualifying Notes. 
Qualifying Notes are securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Non Preferred Notes

--- Page 57 ---
RISKS 
 
57 
(provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect to the Principal Paying Agent). 
Due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any Qualifying Notes may not be as favourable 
to each Noteholder in all respects or, if it were entitled to do so, a particular Noteholder may not make 
the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Notes are not 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
Change in ranking of Senior Non Preferred Notes to Senior Preferred Notes without consent from 
Noteholders 
In accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing in respect of a 
Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, subject to 
the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as required by the Relevant Rules, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, to (i) vary the ranking of such Notes to Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Notes for Senior Preferred Notes on substantially similar terms to those of 
the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes (and not otherwise materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders), except for the ranking of such Notes. The Issuer may, at its option, early redeem all (but 
not some only) of the relevant Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
A "MREL/TLAC Criteria Event" shall occur in respect of a Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes if (i) 
such Notes do not comply with the criteria applicable to eligible liabilities and are excluded from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements according to the Relevant Rules (as 
defined in Condition 5(e) of the English Law Notes and Condition 5(e) of the French Law Notes) as a 
consequence or (ii) such Notes are deemed to fall outside the category of obligations described in article 
L.613-30-3-I-4°. of the French Code monétaire et financier, provided that, a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event 
shall not occur where such Series of Notes is excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of 
the Notes is less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to 
meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
Differences between Senior Non Preferred Notes and the bank's covered deposits in terms of yield, risk 
and liquidity 
Prior to acquiring Senior Non Preferred Notes, prospective purchasers should note that there are a 
number of key differences between Senior Non Preferred Notes and bank deposits including: 
(i) 
Claims in relation to the payment of principal and interest under Senior Non Preferred Notes 
rank four levels below claims under the so-called "covered deposits" (being deposits below the 
EUR 100,000 threshold benefiting from the protection of the deposit guarantee scheme in 
accordance with Directive 2014/49/EU); 
(ii) 
generally, demand deposits will be more liquid than Senior Non Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
generally, Senior Non Preferred Notes will benefit from a higher yield than a covered deposit 
denominated in the same currency and having the same maturity. The higher yield usually 
results from the higher risk associated with Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
A number of major interest rates (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")), other rates, 
indices and other published values or benchmarks are the subject of national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes linked 
to any such value or benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") is a 
key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, since 1 January 2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as 
EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation

--- Page 58 ---
RISKS 
 
58 
as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain 
financial instruments (including securities listed on an EU regulated market, EU multilateral trading 
facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF") or via a systematic internaliser). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") is the relevant regulatory regime applicable to, among other things, 
the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such 
and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not 
authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks 
provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been 
determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits 
the use of in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if not based in the 
UK, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material adverse impact on any Notes for which a request for admission to trading on a trading venue 
has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked to, 
referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a "benchmark" for the purposes of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark may result in: 
 
the level of the published rate or the level of the "benchmark" or the volatility of the published 
rate or level being adversely affected; 
 
an increase in the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements; 
 
the "benchmark" (including certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks) being discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, which may result in the rate of interest in respect of the Notes (if any) 
being determined based on any applicable fallback provisions; 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark being changed in order to comply with 
regulatory requirements; 
 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described under "Risks 
associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" below); or 
 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
and/or could lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary valuation or adjustment by the Calculation 
Agent or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the 
Notes. This could also negatively affect the liquidity of the Notes and a Noteholder's ability to sell their 
Notes in the secondary market. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal 
with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to 
designate a statutory replacement for said benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority in certain circumstances, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments 
(such as certain Notes) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions and where 
certain trigger events relating to non-representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark 
are met. In general, parties can opt out of the statutory replacement where all parties, or the required 
majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument have agreed to apply a different replacement for

--- Page 59 ---
RISKS 
 
59 
a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing act. A statutory replacement 
benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes linked 
to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations 
and the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 
2023 (and the Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary). There are therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these 
legislative developments. Accordingly, there may be a risk that a statutory replacement benchmark may 
designated if, for instance, a replacement benchmark determined in accordance with the fallback 
provisions is deemed unsuitable as its application no longer reflects or significantly diverges from the 
underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure (and 
where certain other conditions are satisfied, including one of the parties objecting to the contractually 
agreed fallback). 
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event (as defined in Condition 5(t) of the English Law Notes (Redemption/Adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) and Condition 5(r) of the French Law Notes (Redemption/Adjustment 
for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) and more fully described in the "Investment Considerations" 
section below) may lead to redemption or adjustment of the Notes. Any such adjustment or redemption 
of the Notes following the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect 
on the value and liquidity of such Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive 
on their investment. 
The implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could adversely affect Holders 
Under the fallback provisions applicable to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest by reference to the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (whether a compounded rate or the SOFR Index), if a 
particular SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment (each as defined in Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the English Law Notes or Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the French Law Notes) cannot be 
determined, then the next-available SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment will apply. 
These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) the Relevant 
Governmental Body (as defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(C) of the English Law Notes or Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(C) of the French Law Notes), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Replacement Rate Determination Agent. 
In addition, the fallback provisions permit the Replacement Rate Determination Agent to make certain 
changes (which are defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the English Law Notes or Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the French Law Notes as "SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes") with respect to, 
among other things, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest. 
The application of a SOFR Replacement and SOFR Replacement Adjustment and any implementation 
of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could reduce the amount of interest payable in respect of 
an interest period, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for, the Notes. 
Furthermore, the characteristics of any SOFR Replacement may not be similar to the then-current 
SOFR benchmark that it is replacing and/or any SOFR Replacement may not produce the economic 
equivalent of the then-current SOFR benchmark that it is replacing. 
The discontinuation of Interbank Offered Rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc and Japanese Yen London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR"), across all 
tenors, and U.S. dollar LIBOR 1 week and 2 month tenors, either ceased to exist entirely, or became 
non-representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such rates were intended to 
measure, immediately after 31 December 2021 and U.S. dollar LIBOR overnight, 1, 3, 6 and 12 month 
tenors, will either cease to exist entirely, or will become non-representative immediately after 30 June 
2023. The future of EURIBOR is also uncertain. Amongst other developments, new issuances of 
products referencing LIBOR are no longer permitted (except in very limited circumstances) and relevant 
authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such 
as EURIBOR. A number of "risk free rates" have been identified to take the place of such IBORs as 
primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average

--- Page 60 ---
RISKS 
 
60 
("SONIA") as the primary Sterling interest rate benchmark, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, Euro Short-
Term Rate ("€STR") as the new euro risk free rate, (iii) for USD LIBOR, SOFR as the primary U.S. dollar 
interest rate benchmark, (iv) for CHF LIBOR, the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") as 
the primary Swiss Franc interest rate benchmark and (v) for JPY LIBOR the Tokyo Overnight Average 
Rate ("TONA") as a Japanese Yen interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different 
methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they have replaced, a limited historical 
track record and may be subject to changes in their methodology. Uncertainties in the development of 
these risk free rates could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes linked to 
any such rates. 
The application of certain fall-back provisions to floating rates of interest such as BBSW, EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR and WIBOR may change the basis on which such Notes are determined 
and the reforms and eventual replacement of EURIBOR with €STR may cause EURIBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
Investors in Notes referencing EURIBOR as an Underlying Interest Rate, or BBSW, EURIBOR, NIBOR, 
PRIBOR, STIBOR or WIBOR as a floating rate of interest face the risk that such rate will be discontinued 
or otherwise unavailable during the term of their Notes, in which case the rate of interest on the Notes 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to the Notes. Depending 
on the manner in which BBSW, EURIBOR, NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR or WIBOR is to be determined 
under the Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) result in the application of a backward 
looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas rates such as EURIBOR, NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR or 
WIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward looking term and includes a risk element based on 
inter-bank lending, (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied 
in the previous period when the relevant rate was available, or (iii) be determined by reference to an 
alternative rate selected by an institution with authority consistent with industry accepted standards or, 
in the absence of such alternative rate, by a third party agent appointed by the Calculation Agent. As 
the replacement rate will not be identical to the original rate (and may not be comparable), any of the 
foregoing circumstances could have a significant adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, the Notes. In addition, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the 
original replacement reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs 
replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new replacement reference rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA as reference 
rates for Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, in respect 
of the Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA, the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as applicable, will be determined by reference to the Compounded Daily SONIA 
(including on the basis of the SONIA Index published by the relevant administrator or other information 
service specified in the applicable Final Terms), Weighted Average SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR 
(including on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve Website), SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SARON or Compounded Daily TONA, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The ongoing development of compounded daily SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA as reference 
rates in the capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR-, €STR-, SARON- 
and TONA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate, as applicable. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or 
TONA that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA that are issued under the Programme. Interest on 
Notes which reference a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA 
rate to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, which could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Notes. In contrast to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing a 
term rate, such as EURIBOR, NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR or WIBOR, if Notes referencing compounded

--- Page 61 ---
RISKS 
 
61 
daily or single daily SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA are redeemed early and accrued interest 
is payable on such redemption in respect of a period which is not an Interest Period, the final Rate of 
Interest or Rate in respect of such Notes will only be determined at the due date for redemption. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA reference 
rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Any such mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA reference rates 
across these markets may adversely impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which a 
Noteholder has in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes referencing a 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate and could have a material adverse impact on such 
Noteholders' investments. 
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate is not published, the applicable rate to 
be used to calculate the Rate of Interest or Rate will be determined using the fall-back provisions set 
out in the Conditions. Any of these fall-back provisions may result in interest payments that are lower 
than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the 
Notes if the SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate had been so published as expected as of the 
Issue Date of the Notes.  In addition, application of the fall-back provisions may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate of interest to the Notes. 
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by 
reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA 
The Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of the Notes may be calculated by reference to SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, SARON or TONA. Because such rates are overnight funding rates, interest on Notes that 
reference such rates with Interest Periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of (a) in 
the case of SONIA, (i) the weighted average mean of SONIA over the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period in respect of an Interest Period or where SONIA is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the 
end of the relevant Interest Period, (ii) a compounded SONIA (x) in respect of the Interest Period, 
provided that the SONIA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified 
number of days prior to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number 
of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the 
end of such Interest Period or (iii) calculated by reference to the SONIA Index published by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate, (b) in the case of SOFR, (i) the arithmetic mean of SOFR 
over the relevant Interest Period, where the SOFR is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end 
of such Interest Period, (ii) a compounded SOFR (x) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that the 
SOFR used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to 
the observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the 
relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest 
Period or (iii) calculated by reference to the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve Website 
(c) in the case of €STR, a compounded €STR (x) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that €STR 
used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the 
observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant 
Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period, 
(d) in the case of SARON, a compounded SARON in respect of a period that starts a specified number 
of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the 
end of such Interest Period or (e) in the case of TONA, a compounded TONA (i) in respect of the Interest 
Period, provided that the TONA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified 
number of days prior to the observation date or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified number 
of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the 
end of such Interest Period. As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of interest 
payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant 
interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be 
payable on such Notes and there is a possibility that such amount could be lower than expected. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect holders of Notes that pay a 
floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
Holders of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest that references SOFR are exposed to the risk that 
such rate may not be widely accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact

--- Page 62 ---
RISKS 
 
62 
that SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an 
alternative to LIBOR in part because it is considered to be a good representation of general funding 
conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions 
secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is 
less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes 
for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the 
unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any 
failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on, value of 
and market for Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR. 
Instruments issued as Green Bonds may not meet investor expectations and therefore may adversely 
affect the Notes 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that it will be BNPP’s intention to apply the proceeds of 
issuance of the relevant Series of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes to Eligible Green Assets as 
defined in and further described in the BNP Paribas Green Bond Framework, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the "Green Bond Framework"), which is available on the website of 
BNPP(https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/green-bond-framework-october-2021). The term "Green 
Bonds" as used in this risk factor means any Notes to be issued by BNPP in accordance with the Green 
Bond Framework. Notes issued as Green Bonds will be subject to bail-in and resolution measures 
provided by the BRRD in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme. As to such 
measures see the risk factor entitled "The implementation of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive could materially affect the Notes and their holders". 
Any: 
(i) 
failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to any Eligible Green Assets; 
(ii) 
withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification being superseded by an 
opinion or certification stating that BNPP has not complied, in whole or in part, with any matters 
on which the original opinion or certification had opined or certified; and/or 
(iii) 
lack of Eligible Green Assets in which the Issuer may invest; and/or 
(iv) 
event or circumstances resulting in the Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market, 
will not constitute an event of default, does not affect the regulatory treatment of the Green Bonds and 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds and the value of any other securities 
which are intended to finance Eligible Green Assets and could also result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
The relationship of the United Kingdom with the European Union may affect the business (including the 
Notes) of the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
The United Kingdom ("UK") left the European Union ("EU") on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the 
transition period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union 
and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) 
and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
Although the UK and the EU have entered into a Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement"), to govern their relationship going forward, the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated 
financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
Due to the on-going political uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between the 
UK and the EU, the precise impact on the business of the Issuer in the United Kingdom is difficult to 
determine. As such, such matters could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under any Series of Notes with a UK nexus and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of such Notes 
in the secondary market.

--- Page 63 ---
RISKS 
 
63 
Risks relating to Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
Risks associated with specific types of Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
(a) 
Risks associated with Notes including SPS Payouts: 
(i) 
Risks associated with Reverse Convertible Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and whether a knock-in event occurs. As a consequence, investors may be exposed 
to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Vanilla Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. As a consequence, investors may 
be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Asian Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s), 
which is determined using an averaging method. The return will also depend on 
whether specific features, such as a cap, a floor or lock-in, apply. As a consequence, 
investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Auto-callable Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and whether knock-in or knock out features apply. Auto-callable Notes include 
automatic early redemption mechanisms. Depending on the applicable formula, if an 
automatic early redemption event occurs investors may be exposed to a partial loss of 
their investment. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss 
of their investment. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Indexation Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early redemption features apply. 
Depending on the applicable formula, if an automatic early redemption event occurs 
investors may be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. As a consequence, 
investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(vi) 
Risks associated with Ratchet Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and is calculated based on the sum of returns determined on a given formula (which 
can be capped and/or floored). As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a 
partial or total loss of their investment. 
(vii) 
Risks associated with Sum Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and is calculated based on the weighted sum of returns determined using different 
payout formulae. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss 
of their investment. 
(viii) 
Risks associated with Option Max Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and is calculated based on the maximum return determined using different payout 
formulae. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their 
investment. 
(ix) 
Risks associated with Stellar Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of a basket of Underlying 
References and is calculated based on the average returns of each Underlying

--- Page 64 ---
RISKS 
 
64 
Reference in the basket (which can be capped and/or floored). As a consequence, 
investors may be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. 
(x) 
Risks associated with Driver Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of a basket of Underlying 
References. The return is determined by reference to the average return of the basket, 
where the performance of one or more of the best performing Underlying Reference(s) 
is set at a fixed level. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial loss of 
their investment. 
(xi) 
Risks associated with Transition Products 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and whether knock-in and/or automatic early redemption features apply. Depending on 
the applicable formula, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their 
investment. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Notes including FI Payouts: 
(i) 
Risks associated with Vanilla Notes 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. As a consequence, investors may 
be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Digital Notes 
The return on the Notes is fixed or variable and will be dependent upon the performance 
of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various 
mechanisms (including floor or cap conditions and knock-in and/or knock-out features). 
As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their 
investment. 
The formulae, relevant variables and other related provisions of these products are more fully described 
in "Annex 1 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts". 
General risks of Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
The Amount Payable on Redemption may be Significantly Less than the Value of an Investment in 
the Notes 
Each Noteholder may receive an amount on redemption and/or physical delivery of securities together 
with cash for any rounding and residual amount in respect of any Underlying Reference Linked Notes. 
The amount payable on redemption and/or the aggregate value of securities physically delivered and 
cash may be significantly less than the value of the Noteholder's investment in such Notes. In particular, 
in the case of any such Notes exposed to the performance of a basket of Underlying References, the 
securities so delivered may relate to or, the cash redemption amount may be calculated by reference 
to, the worst performing Underlying Reference or any other formula specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying Reference(s) 
The Notes do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager 
or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Noteholders will not have any 
right of recourse under the Notes to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager 
or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference).  The Notes are not in any way 
sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in 
respect of an Underlying Reference and such entities have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions on any Noteholders and such consequences may have a negative impact 
on Noteholders. Investors in Physical Delivery Notes should also refer to "Risks associated with 
Physical Delivery Notes" below.

--- Page 65 ---
RISKS 
 
65 
Risks associated with Physical Delivery Notes 
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets (other than Credit Linked Notes, 
"Physical Delivery Notes"), or in the case of Credit Linked Notes that provide for physical delivery (see 
"Annex 7 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes") Noteholders will only obtain a 
direct investment in the Underlying Reference or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, 
and have a right to participate in any voting, dividends, distributions or other rights of the Underlying 
Reference or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, upon delivery 
of the Entitlement or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Notes.  Holders of such Notes or 
physically settled Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the risk that the market value of the Entitlement 
or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, is less than the market value of the Notes 
and Noteholders may not subsequently be able to realise any cash value from the assets comprising 
the Entitlement or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Notes. This risk is increased if the 
assets comprising the Entitlement or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, have a 
nexus with an emerging market (see "Additional risks associated with Notes with a nexus to emerging 
markets" above). 
In the case of Physical Delivery Notes, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date 
for redemption of the Notes, settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in 
respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event.  The Issuer in these circumstances also has 
the right to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 4(b)(A)(5) (Settlement 
Disruption) of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(b)(A)(5) (Settlement Disruption) of the French 
Law Notes) in lieu of delivering the Entitlement.  The Disruption Cash Redemption Amount may be less 
than the fair market value of the Entitlement and could be less than the return that the investor had 
anticipated. 
Option to Vary Settlement 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer may elect to vary the settlement of the Notes, by (i) in the 
case of cash settled notes, delivering or procuring delivery of the Entitlement instead of making payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount to the relevant Noteholders or (ii) in the case of physical delivery notes, 
making payment of the Final Redemption Amount to the relevant Noteholders instead of delivering or 
procuring delivery of the Entitlement. 
Interest linked to an Underlying Reference 
In the case of Linked Interest Notes (see Condition 3(d) of the English Law Notes and Condition 3(d) of 
the French Law Notes (Interest on Linked Interest Notes)), where the amount of interest payable is 
determined by reference to the performance of an Underlying Reference or a basket of Underlying 
References, Noteholders are subject to the following risks: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile, and so Noteholders may only be able to sell 
their Notes in the secondary market at a loss (if they are able to sell at all); 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected, which 
could negatively affect the value of the Notes; 
(d) 
an Underlying Reference may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the yield may be less than other 
comparable investments; 
(e) 
if an Underlying Reference in a basket has a disproportionately greater weighting compared to 
other basket components or a weighting greater than one or contains some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the value of such Underlying Reference on interest payable will 
be magnified and could magnify any loss of interest that Noteholders would experience 
compared to an investment in Notes without such features; and 
(f) 
interest may only be payable and/or calculated in respect of certain specified days and/or 
periods on or during which the Underlying Reference or its value equals, exceeds and/or is less 
than certain specified thresholds and if such conditions are not satisfied, Noteholders may not 
receive any interest, thus negatively affecting the Noteholder's overall yield.

--- Page 66 ---
RISKS 
 
66 
Risk of leveraged exposure 
Notes including a leverage feature magnify gains and losses. If the Underlying Reference moves 
against expectations, Noteholders risk losing a greater proportion of their investment than if they had 
invested in a Note that is not leveraged. 
Limited exposure to Underlying Reference(s) 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the Notes to one or more Underlying 
References is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Notes will not benefit from 
any upside in the value of any such Underlying Reference(s) beyond such limit or cap. In this case, 
Noteholders will not receive as much from their investment as they would have done if they had invested 
directly in the Underlying Reference(s) or in alternative Notes without such features. The likelihood of 
this occurring is dependent on the likelihood of the Underlying Reference(s) performing such that the 
limit or cap affects the Notes. 
Gap Risk 
The relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying Reference(s) may change suddenly and 
significantly during the trading day or at the opening of the market. Such change may be positive or 
negative and is known as the "Gap Risk".  If the price of the Notes includes a premium, this will be 
calculated to take account of the cost to the Issuer or its Affiliates of unwinding its hedging positions in 
relation to the Notes on early redemption of the Notes and the Gap Risk associated with the relevant 
level, value or price of the Underlying Reference(s). Noteholders will not receive a refund of this 
premium if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, which could significantly reduce the return a 
Noteholder stands to receive on its investment. 
Risks associated with Notes with a nexus to emerging markets 
Where the value and return of the Notes depends on the performance of one or more Underlying 
References issued by issuers located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, 
denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or where the Notes 
are denominated in currencies of emerging or developing countries, Noteholders are exposed to greater 
risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on 
foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower 
levels of disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of 
laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation.  
Holders of Notes with such a nexus to emerging or developing countries are exposed to the risk that 
such Notes may be less liquid and the prices of such Notes more volatile, thus increasing the risk that 
such holders may experience a loss on their investment.  In addition, settlement of trades in such 
markets may be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
Prospective purchasers in such Notes should also note that the probability of the occurrence of a 
disruption event under the relevant terms of the Notes (as set out further in the Conditions) and 
consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for certain developing or 
emerging markets. 
Risks associated with Dynamic Notes 
Notes linked to a portfolio or strategy that comprises assets with a greater potential for return and 
consequently greater risk (such as, a hedge fund) and assets with a lower return and consequently 
lesser risk (such as, a zero coupon debt security issued by an issuer with a high credit rating) are 
described by the Issuer as "Dynamic Notes".  The impact of any rebalancing of the portfolio or strategy 
and any leverage features will affect the value of the portfolio or strategy and, in turn the value of the 
Dynamic Notes. If the portfolio or strategy does not perform as expected, the value of the Dynamic 
Notes and the return an investor can expect will be adversely affected. 
Investment decision based on publicly available information 
Noteholders are required to make their investment decision on the basis of information that is publicly 
available. Therefore, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that information that is subsequently made 
public could adversely affect the trading price of the Underlying Reference(s), which could have a 
significant adverse impact on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
RISKS 
 
67 
Additional Risks Relating to certain Underlying Reference(s), Disruption and/or Adjustment 
Mechanisms 
Risks associated with the occurrence of Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Events 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the 
applicable Final Terms occurs (each as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions), the 
Notes may be subject to adjustment (including, in the case of Share Linked Notes to a Basket of Shares, 
adjustments to the Basket of Shares), early redemption or the amount payable on scheduled 
redemption may be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption.  In the 
case of Index Linked Notes linked to a Custom Index, the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
or Optional Redemption Event specified in the applicable Final Terms may lead to the selection of a 
successor Index.  Any of these consequences is likely to have a material adverse effect on the value 
and liquidity of the Notes and/or the return a Noteholder can expect to receive on their investment. 
Additional risks associated with Index Linked Notes 
Index Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an underlying index (an "Index"), which may 
reference various asset classes such as, equities, bonds, currency exchange rates or property price 
data, or could reference a mixture of asset classes. Investors in Index Linked Notes face the risk of a 
broader set of circumstances that mean that the assets underlying the Index do not perform as expected 
compared to an investment in conventional debt securities. Accordingly, the return on an investment in 
Index Linked Notes is more likely to be adversely affected than an investment in conventional debt 
securities. The terms and conditions relevant to Index Linked Notes are set out in "Annex 2 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes". 
In the case of Custom Index Linked Notes, if the components of the Custom Index are subject to regular 
rebalancing in accordance with the methodology of the Custom Index, this may be determined (in whole 
or in part) by reference to criteria specified in the index and/or one or more lists of assets compiled by 
an independent third party (such as, research lists, analytical reports or "top picks" guides). Such third 
parties have no regard to the interests of Noteholders and any such rebalancing could negatively affect 
the performance of a Custom Index and the value of the Custom Index Linked Notes. 
The occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event may adversely impact Noteholders of Index Linked Notes 
The occurrence of an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation or an Index Disruption (each being an 
"Index Adjustment Event", as more fully described in Index Linked Condition 2.2 (Modification and 
Cessation of Calculation of an Index)) may lead to (i) changes in the calculation of the relevant value or 
price (if the Calculation Agent determines such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Notes), (ii) early redemption of the Notes or (iii) the amount payable on scheduled redemption of the 
Notes being different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. Any such 
adjustment or early redemption of the Index Linked Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of such Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on 
their investment. 
Additional risks associated with Share Linked Notes 
Unlike a direct investment in any share(s) (or Stapled Share(s)), GDR(s) and/or ADR(s) comprising the 
Underlying Reference(s) (together the "Share(s)"), an investment in Share Linked Notes does not 
entitle Noteholders to vote or receive dividends or distributions (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms). Accordingly, the return on Share Linked Notes will not be the same as a direct investment in 
the relevant Share(s) and Noteholders could receive less than they would have done on a direct 
investment. The terms and conditions relevant to Share Linked Notes are set out in "Annex 3 – 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes". 
An adjustment to Share Linked Notes following a Potential Adjustment Event may adversely impact 
Noteholders 
In the case of Share Linked Notes, following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company 
(or, in the case of Stapled Shares, an issuer of each constituent share comprising the Stapled Shares), 
of the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event (as more fully described in Share Linked Condition 
2.1 (Potential Adjustment Events)), the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 68 ---
RISKS 
 
68 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares (or the Stapled Shares, as the case may be) and, if so, will 
make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that 
diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share (or the relevant 
Stapled Shares, as the case may be)).  Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of the affected Share Linked Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to 
receive on their investment. 
Extraordinary Events relating to Share Linked Notes 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (as defined in Share Linked Condition 2.2 
(Extraordinary Events)) in relation to a Share, the terms of the Share Linked Notes may be adjusted 
(including, in the case of Share Linked Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or 
substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of Shares), the Share Linked Notes may be redeemed 
in whole or in part or the Calculation Agent may make an adjustment corresponding to adjustments 
made by an Options Exchange. 
An adjustment to the Share Linked Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the 
affected Share Linked Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their 
investment. If the Share Linked Notes are early redeemed, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the relevant proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the effective return on the relevant 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate, and prospective 
purchasers should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event in relation to a Share may have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to 
receive on their investment. 
Notes Linked to Shares traded on the China Connect Service 
In respect of Notes linked to Shares traded on the China Connect Service where "China Connect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if a China Connect Share Disqualification or a 
China Connect Service Termination (each as more fully described in Share Linked Condition 2.2 
(Extraordinary Events)) occurs, such Notes may be subject to adjustment (including, in the case of 
Share Linked Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to the Basket of Shares) or early 
redemption or the amount payable on scheduled redemption may be different from the amount expected 
to be paid at scheduled redemption. Furthermore, if "China Connect" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Conditions will include provisions dealing with (a)(i) the suspension of or limitations on 
routing of orders through the China Connect Service or (ii) events disrupting the ability of market 
participants to enter orders through the China Connect Service, where the Calculation Agent determines 
such disruption is material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant time for 
valuation or (b) the unexpected early closure of the China Connect Service, in each case on a date for 
valuation of a Share (including any Share comprising a Basket of Shares). If the Calculation Agent 
determines that such circumstances exist on any relevant date for valuation, such date may be subject 
to postponement or alternative provisions for valuation may apply (see "Consequences of a Disrupted 
Day" under the "Investment Considerations" section below). Any of these consequences is likely to 
have a material adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the Notes and/or the return a Noteholder 
can expect to receive on their investment. 
Additional risks associated with ETI Linked Notes 
An investment in ETI Linked Notes carries similar risks to an investment in Share Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes. An exchange traded instrument (an "ETI") may invest using sophisticated techniques, 
such as leverage or short selling or in complex financial instruments such as derivatives (swaps, 
options, futures), securities lending transactions, repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements or 
foreign exchange instruments. If the investment strategy of the ETI is not successful it will have a 
negative impact upon the performance of the ETI, and consequently, could have a negative impact on 
the value of the ETI Linked Notes and the return investors may receive.  Holders of ETI Linked Notes 
have no right to participate in the ETI, whether by voting or in any distributions. Accordingly, the return 
a Noteholder of ETI Linked Notes receives could be less (and could be significantly less) than a direct

--- Page 69 ---
RISKS 
 
69 
investment in an ETI. This effect could be amplified if the ETI Share Provisions (as set out in ETI Linked 
Conditions 7 to 11) are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the value of the 
ETI is linked to the NAV per ETI Interest, the trading price of the ETI or the actual redemption proceeds 
the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant ETI(s) would receive. The terms and 
conditions relevant to ETI Linked Notes are set out in "Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for 
ETI Linked Notes". 
An adjustment to ETI Linked Notes following a Potential Adjustment Event may adversely impact 
Noteholder 
In the case of ETI Linked Notes, following the declaration by the relevant ETI or any person appointed 
to provide services directly or indirectly in respect of such ETI, as the case may be, of the terms of any 
Potential Adjustment Event (as more fully described in ETI Linked Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment 
Events) or (if the ETI Share Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) ETI 
Linked Condition 9 (Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events)), the Calculation Agent will, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, 
if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for 
that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest).  
Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected ETI Linked Notes, 
and accordingly, the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their investment. 
The occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event (where ETI Share Provisions is not applicable) or 
Extraordinary Event (where ETI Share Provisions is applicable) may have an adverse impact on 
Noteholders 
If an Extraordinary ETI Event or an Extraordinary Event (each as further described in the "Investment 
Considerations" section below and ETI Linked Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events) or (if the ETI 
Share Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) ETI Linked Condition 9 
(Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events)) occurs, the Issuer may (i) adjust the terms of 
the ETI Linked Notes to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant ETI Interests, or (iii) early redeem 
the ETI Linked Notes.  Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event or an Extraordinary 
Event, as the case may be, may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes and the 
amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their investment. 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event relating to Commodity Linked Notes may have an adverse 
impact on Noteholders 
If a Market Disruption Event (as defined in Commodity Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption)) occurs 
or is continuing on a date for valuation in respect of Commodity Linked Notes, then the Calculation 
Agent may make any relevant calculation in respect of the Commodity Linked Notes using an alternative 
value in lieu of the published price, the affected Commodity or Commodity Index may be substituted or 
the Issuer will early redeem the Notes. Any such adjustment or early redemption of the Notes may have 
an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can 
expect to receive on their investment. 
The occurrence of a Commodity Index Adjustment Event may adversely impact Noteholders of 
Commodity Linked Notes that reference a Commodity Index 
The occurrence of a Commodity Index Modification, Commodity Index Cancellation or Commodity Index 
Disruption (each being a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event", as more fully described in 
Commodity Linked Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of Commodity Index)) may 
lead to (i) the Calculation Agent determining the relevant price using, in lieu of a published level, the 
Commodity Fallback Value (if the Calculation Agent determines such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event has a material effect on the Notes), or (ii) early redemption of the Notes. Any such adjustment or 
early redemption of the Commodity Linked Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity 
of such Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their investment.

--- Page 70 ---
RISKS 
 
70 
Additional risks associated with Commodity Linked Notes referencing a proprietary commodity index 
If the Commodity Linked Notes reference the performance of a proprietary commodity index, the 
operational rules of the commodity index (which may not be publicly available) will affect how the level 
of the commodity index is determined in the event of a disruption. A delay in the publication of the 
commodity index could adversely affect the commodity index and consequently, the value of the 
Commodity Linked Notes, which in turn could negatively affect the return an investor can expect to 
receive on the Commodity Linked Notes. The terms and conditions relevant to Commodity Linked Notes 
are set out in "Annex 5 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes". 
Additional risks associated with Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Fluctuations in exchange rates are affected by complex political and economic factors, including 
governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency, regardless of other market forces. If the 
rate of issuance of exchange rate instruments (such as warrants, securities or options relating to 
particular currencies or currency indices) increases, the value of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes in the secondary market will decline. Holders of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes risk 
losing some or all of their investment if exchange rates of the relevant FX Rate (or basket of FX Rates) 
do not move in the direction they had anticipated. Additionally, if Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes are settled in a currency other than the Noteholder's home currency, the negative effects of 
exchange rate fluctuations will be greater (see also "Exchange control risks" above). The terms and 
conditions relevant to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are set out in "Annex 9 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes". 
Additional risks associated with Fund Linked Notes (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund) 
The value of underlying fund shares or units or the level of an underlying fund index in respect of Fund 
Linked Notes will be affected by the investment strategy of the relevant fund. The investment strategy 
is often opaque and may not be publicly available. In addition, funds are often illiquid and/or 
unregulated. If the investment strategy does not perform as expected, there are limited methods by 
which direct investments in fund shares or units can be exited. The value of the fund shares or units or 
the level of a fund index is also exposed to the performance of various fund service providers, in 
particular, the investment adviser. Taking these circumstances into account, compared to other types 
of investment, there is a greater risk associated with an investment in Fund Linked Notes that the value 
of the Notes may be adversely affected (and could fall to zero) and the return Noteholders can expect 
may be less (and could be significantly less) than expected. The terms and conditions relevant to Fund 
Linked Notes are set out in "Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes". 
The occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse impact on Noteholders 
Unless the Fund is a Euro Fund, if an Extraordinary Fund Event (as further described in the "Investment 
Considerations" section below and Fund Linked Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events)) occurs, the 
Issuer may, (i) adjust the terms of the Fund Linked Notes to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant 
Fund Shares, or (iii) early redeem the Fund Linked Notes. Consequently, the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes and the 
amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their investment. 
Date for redemption may be postponed if Hedge Provider does not receive redemption proceeds from 
Fund Shares 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by the 
Hedge Provider on or prior to the scheduled date for redemption, the Maturity Date of the Fund Linked 
Notes (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund) may be postponed for a period of up to two calendar 
years (or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Fund 
Linked Condition 5 (Interest Payment Date/Redemption/Termination Date Extension) and no additional 
amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. Such delay could have a significant adverse impact 
on the amount that the Noteholder would have otherwise received had such date for redemption not 
been postponed.

--- Page 71 ---
RISKS 
 
71 
Prospective purchasers should conduct their own investigation of the Euro Fund as if they were a 
policyholder 
In the case of Fund Linked Notes where the Fund is a Euro Fund, to the extent that any amounts 
payable under the Notes depend on the Gross Rate of Return of the Euro Fund, prospective purchasers 
should conduct their own investigations concerning the Euro Fund and the Insurance Company as if 
they were a policyholder in the Euro Fund. In particular, prospective purchasers should take into 
account that the Gross Rate of Return of the Euro Fund, which is determined by the Insurance Company 
based on the return the Insurance Company achieves on its general assets may be different from the 
provisional rate of return published by the Insurance Company in respect of the Euro Fund and may be 
zero. The issuance by the Issuer of any Notes referencing a Euro Fund does not constitute any form of 
recommendation by the Issuer to invest in the Euro Fund. 
The occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event may have an adverse impact on Noteholders 
If, in respect of Fund Linked Notes, where the Fund is a Euro Fund and an Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event (as further described in the "Investment Considerations" section below and Fund Linked 
Condition 9 (Extraordinary Euro Fund Events)) occurs, the Issuer may (i) adjust the terms of the Fund 
Linked Notes to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant Euro Fund, or (iii) early redeem the Fund 
Linked Notes (as further described in Fund Linked Condition 10 (Consequences of an Extraordinary 
Euro Fund Event)). Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event may have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes and the amount Holders can expect to receive on 
their investment. 
Additional risks relating to Credit Linked Notes 
The risk factors set out below relate to Credit Linked Notes, which are subject to the provisions set out 
in "Annex 7 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes". 
(a) 
General risks relating to Credit Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes ("Credit Linked Notes") where the amount payable is dependent upon 
whether certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities 
and, if so, on the value of certain specified obligations of such Reference Entity/Entities.  Credit Linked 
Notes are Notes in respect of which the Issuer has effectively bought credit protection in relation to one 
or more obligations issued by Reference Entities from the Noteholders. Payments to be made to holders 
of such Notes or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes that provide for physical delivery) the Issuer's 
obligation to deliver certain specified obligations, will depend on the occurrence of a Credit Event with 
respect to such Reference Entities. 
Accordingly, the holders of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities (being, in general terms, the risk that a given entity does not perform its financial 
obligations when due or becomes insolvent), which exposure may be to the full extent of their 
investment in such Credit Linked Notes. Upon the occurrence of any of the events comprising a Credit 
Event with respect to any Reference Entity, the Noteholders may suffer significant losses. Credit Events 
may also occur in the absence of a default, for example, as a result of a restructuring of indebtedness 
or the implementation of resolution or recovery proceedings with respect to a Reference Entity. Holders 
should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if the obligations of a Reference Entity are 
unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law or exchange controls. Certain 
Credit Events may occur even in the absence of a deterioration in the financial condition or 
creditworthiness of a Reference Entity. 
Where Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to 
any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Credit Linked Notes at a 
reduced redemption amount or at zero, and, (if applicable) in a reduction of the amount on which interest 
is calculated, which reduction may be to zero. Where Physical Settlement applies in respect of a Credit 
Linked Note, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
by delivery (or, in certain circumstances, valuation) of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than 
their par amount. 
Accordingly, investors in Credit Linked Notes are exposed, in respect of both principal and (if applicable) 
interest, to the credit risk of the Reference Entity or Reference Entities. The maximum loss an investor

--- Page 72 ---
RISKS 
 
72 
in Credit Linked Notes may sustain is 100 per cent. of their initial investment, together with (if applicable) 
any interest amounts. 
(b) 
Correlated Credit Risks 
In purchasing Credit Linked Notes, investors assume credit exposure to both the specified Reference 
Entity or Reference Entities and the Issuer of the Credit Linked Notes. The credit risk to investors may 
further be increased if the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities are concentrated in the same 
industry sector or geographic area as the Issuer. In the case of Credit Linked Notes linked to more than 
one Reference Entity, the risks of default of such Reference Entities may be highly correlated. 
(c) 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Holders of Credit Linked Notes may suffer a loss of some or all of the redemption amount and any 
interest amount applicable to the Credit Linked Notes in respect of one or more Credit Events that occur 
prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date, if the Credit Event Backstop Date is specified as a date falling 
prior to such date.  Neither the Calculation Agent or the Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has 
any responsibility to inform any Noteholder, or avoid or mitigate the effects of a Credit Event that has 
taken place prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date. 
(d) 
Increased credit risks associated with Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the Notes will be subject to redemption in full 
as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to the nth Reference Entity.  The 
credit risk to Noteholders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference 
Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to 
similar financial or other risks. 
(e) 
Additional credit risks associated with Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Distribution End Date is specified 
in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall specify whether "Distribution Period Redemption", 
"Redemption at Maturity" or "Distribution Period Event Determination Date Disapplication" applies. If 
"Distribution Period Redemption" applies and an Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the 
Distribution End Date, holders of such Credit Linked Notes will suffer a loss of interest and the Credit 
Linked Notes will be redeemed, in part, early. In the case of such partial early redemption, holders may 
not be able to reinvest in a similar product offering a corresponding rate of return. 
The credit risk to holders of Basket Credit Linked Notes may be increased as a result of the 
concentration of Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure 
of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
(f) 
Increased risks associated with Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes create leveraged exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entities as 
the implicit portfolio size or size of the aggregate notional amount of the Reference Portfolio is 
significantly larger than the aggregate nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors can lose a 
significant part or all of their investment even if a Credit Event occurs in respect of only one or a few of 
the Reference Entities comprising the Reference Portfolio. The value of the Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes may be more volatile and credit losses experienced by a Noteholder in respect of the Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes may be greater than would be the case in the absence of such leverage. 
The value of the Tranched Credit Linked Notes may also be adversely affected by changes in the 
relative value of different tranches of credit risk on the Reference Portfolio, which will vary based on, 
inter alia, the views and assumptions of market participants and the supply of and demand for credit 
protection in relation to each such tranche. 
(g) 
Actions of Reference Entities may affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes 
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of 
indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes.  Holders of the Credit Linked 
Notes should note that the Reference Entities to which the value of the Credit Linked Notes is exposed, 
and the terms of such exposure, may change over the term of the Credit Linked Notes. Where a 
successor Reference Entity is identified, the risks associated with such successor may be greater than 
the risks associated with the original Reference Entity, resulting in an increased likelihood that a Credit

--- Page 73 ---
RISKS 
 
73 
Event will occur and accordingly, an increased risk that Noteholders may lose some or all of their 
investment. 
(h) 
Suspension of Obligations will suspend payment of principal and interest 
In certain circumstances (for example, where a Credit Event has occurred and the related credit loss 
has not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, or, if applicable, where a potential Credit 
Event exists as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes), Noteholders may be adversely 
affected where payment of the redemption amount and/or interest on the Credit Linked Notes is deferred 
for a material period in whole or part without compensation to the holders of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(i) 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders 
Where Credit Linked Notes are redeemed or settled by reference to a market auction process, the 
losses determined pursuant to such market auction process may be greater than the losses which would 
have been determined had an alternative settlement method been used. In particular, the auction 
process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors which would not otherwise apply or 
may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. Where this is the case, holders of Credit Linked 
Notes may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked Notes than would 
otherwise be the case. 
(j) 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders 
If the Credit Linked Notes are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity.  Quotations obtained will be "bid-side" - that is, they will be reduced to take account 
of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant dealer.  Such quotations may not be available, or the level 
of such quotations may be substantially reduced or may vary substantially as a result of illiquidity in the 
relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity (for 
example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers).  Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may 
be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference 
to (for example) the present value of related cashflows.  Quotations will be deemed to be zero in the 
event that no such quotations are available. Accordingly, holders may receive a lower amount on 
redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked Notes than would otherwise be the case. In relation to 
the risks applicable to physical settlement, investors should also note the section entitled "Risks 
associated with Physical Delivery Notes" above. 
(k) 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer, as buyer of protection in respect of the Credit Linked Notes has discretion to choose 
the portfolio of obligations and/or assets to be valued or delivered following a Credit Event in respect of 
a Reference Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations and/or assets selected will be obligations 
of the Reference Entity and/or assets with the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected 
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes.  This could result in a lower recovery value and hence 
greater losses for investors in the Credit Linked Notes. 
(l) 
Risks Related to Market Returns 
The views of market participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how the terms of market standard 
credit default swaps, and the corresponding terms of the Credit Linked Notes, should be interpreted, or 
such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of market participants and/or 
adversely to the interests of holders of the Credit Linked Notes. The market value or return on the Credit 
Linked Notes may therefore be less than an investor expects to receive at the point at which they 
purchase the Credit Linked Notes. 
(m) 
Asset Package Delivery risks 
In certain circumstances where (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" 
applies in respect of a Reference Entity and (i) there is a Governmental Intervention Credit Event; or (ii) 
a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of the Reference Obligation where such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of a Sovereign, 
then a related asset package resulting from a prior deliverable obligation (where "Financial Reference 
Entity Terms" apply) or package observable bond (where the Reference Entity is a sovereign) may be 
deliverable.

--- Page 74 ---
RISKS 
 
74 
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, the negative 
impact on Noteholders could be a related credit loss borne by Noteholders of 100 per cent. of their 
investment notwithstanding the recovery value on any other obligations of the Reference Entity. 
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial instrument, the value 
of such asset will be the market value determined by reference to a specialist valuation or in accordance 
with methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, which valuation 
may result in losses to be borne by Noteholders which may be greater than the losses which would 
have been determined in the absence of such valuation methodology being used. Accordingly, 
Noteholders may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked Notes than 
would otherwise be the case if an alternative settlement method were used. 
(n) 
Increased risks of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes or where a specified Final Price is 
applicable 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event occurs in 
respect of a Reference Entity, investors will automatically lose an amount in principal or notional amount 
of the Credit Linked Note equal to the portion of the Credit Linked Note which is allocated to the credit 
risk of the affected Reference Entity, regardless of any recoveries on any obligations of the Reference 
Entity which would have been determined in the absence of the "Zero Recovery" feature. Likewise, if 
the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms in relation to Credit Linked Notes, such fixed Final Price 
may be lower (and may be significantly lower) than the recovery which an investor in bonds or 
instruments issued by such Reference Entity would receive. 
(o) 
Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the Noteholders 
and have the ability to make determinations that may have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders, 
such as the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession Event.  A Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may be able to make determinations without action or knowledge of the Noteholders. 
The powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be expanded or modified as a 
result of amendments to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules. Noteholders may 
have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and may have no 
recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or the 
external reviewers. 
(p) 
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing 
market standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging transaction, modify the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with the 
prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions, without the consent of Noteholders or 
prior notice to Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any such modifications.  If 
the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, it will do so without regard to the 
interests of the holders of the Credit Linked Notes and any such modification may be prejudicial to the 
interests of the holder of the Credit Linked Notes in that such a modification may adversely affect the 
market value of the Credit Linked Notes or the amount which a Noteholder would be entitled to receive 
on redemption or settlement of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
75 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
1. 
General investment considerations associated with the Notes 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor of the Notes must make its own determination of the suitability of any such 
investment, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other 
factors which may be relevant to it in connection with such investment, either alone or with the help of 
a financial adviser. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the Conditions of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets and of any financial variable which might have an impact on the return on the 
Notes; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Prospective purchasers should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer 
and rank and will at all times rank (i) pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred 
Obligations; (ii) senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and (iii) junior to present and future claims 
benefiting from preferred exceptions. Even though Senior Preferred Notes are senior to the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, they may still be exposed to potential losses as a result of the resolution of the Issuer 
in accordance with the applicable resolution law. Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer are more 
fully described in Condition 2 of the English Law Notes and Condition 2 of the French Law Notes. 
Waiver of set-off 
Prospective purchasers should note that holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons waive any right of set-
off, compensation and retention in relation to such Notes, insofar as permitted by applicable law. 
Description of Early Redemption Amounts 
The manner in which the amount due to Noteholders on an early redemption of the Notes is determined 
may depend on the event that has triggered an early redemption of the Notes and the early redemption 
method specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will be redeemed at an amount calculated 
by reference to: 
(a) 
if "Final Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Amount thereof; 
(b) 
if "Calculation Amount Percentage" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Calculation Amount Percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(c) 
if "Market Value less Costs" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value of 
such Notes less associated costs; 
(d) 
if "Max of Calculation Amount Percentage and Market Value les Costs", is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the greater of the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Calculation

--- Page 76 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
76 
Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms and the fair market value of such Notes less 
associated costs; 
(e) 
if "Max of Amortised Face Amount and Market Value less Costs", is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the greater of the fair market value of such Notes less associated costs and the 
Amortised Face Amount, in each case, multiplied by the Early Redemption Percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(f) 
if "Amortised Face Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the 
sum of (X) the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (Y) the product of 
the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable, 
each an "Early Redemption Amount". 
Any determination of the fair market value of the Notes will take into account the event or circumstances 
that triggered the early redemption. The Final Terms may specify that any costs incurred by the Issuer 
(or its affiliates) as a result of unwinding any hedging arrangements associated with the Notes may not 
be taken into account when determining the amount payable on early redemption. 
If the Notes are early redeemed in part, the amount calculated as payable on such early redemption 
will take into account that only a portion of the outstanding Notes are being early redeemed. 
A Noteholder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as 
a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-
rata commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – 
parties are involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers 
in foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage 
fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must 
also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective purchasers should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the 
Notes before investing in the Notes. 
A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax impact on that Noteholder of 
its investment in the Notes 
Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the Noteholder upon the sale or repayment of 
the Notes, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it is 
required to pay taxes. The tax impact on an individual Noteholder in respect of any Notes may differ 
also in respect of Underlying Reference Linked Notes. BNPP advises all investors to contact their own 
tax advisors for advice on the tax impact of an investment in the Notes. 
Description of the role of the Calculation Agent where a Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of 
Notes 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may be an Affiliate of the Issuer, or the Calculation Agent may be the 
Issuer itself.  The Calculation Agent is under no obligation to take into account the interests of 
Noteholders, including (in the case of Underlying Reference Linked Notes) with respect to 
making certain determinations and judgments, such as whether an event, including a Market 
Disruption Event, a Settlement Disruption Event or Credit Event (each, as defined in the 
Conditions), has occurred and, in some cases, the applicable consequences. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent is obliged to carry out its duties and functions as calculation agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Prospective purchasers should also refer to "Potential conflicts of interest" in the "Risks" section.

--- Page 77 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
77 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
In certain circumstances, at the commencement of an offer period in respect of Notes, but prior to the 
issue date of such Notes certain specific information (specifically, the issue price, fixed rate of interest, 
minimum and/or maximum rate of interest payable, the margin applied to the floating rate of interest 
payable, the Gearing applied to the interest or final payout, the Gearing Up applied to the final payout, 
(in the case of Autocall Notes, Autocall One Touch Notes or Autocall Standard Notes) the FR Rate 
component of the final payout (which will be payable if certain conditions are met, as set out in the 
Payout Conditions), (in the case of Notes which include a Snowball Digital Coupon, Digital Coupon, 
Accrual Digital Coupon, SPS Variable Amount Coupon or SPS Fixed Coupon) the Rate component of 
the coupon rate, the value of the barrier component of a final payout or coupon rate, the AER Exit Rate 
used if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Bonus Coupon component of the final payout 
(in the case of Vanilla Digital Notes), the Up Cap Percentage component of the final payout (in the case 
of Certi-Plus: Generic Notes, Certi-Plus: Generic Knock-in Notes and Certi-Plus: Generic Knock-out 
Notes), any Constant Percentage (being any of Constant Percentage, Constant Percentage 1, Constant 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 3 or Constant Percentage 4) component of the final payout or 
coupon rate (which will be payable if certain conditions are met, as set out in the Payout Conditions), 
the Floor Percentage component of the final payout or coupon rate and/or the Knock-in Level and/or 
Knock-out Level (used to ascertain whether a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event, as applicable, has 
occurred)) may not be known.  In these circumstances the Final Terms will specify in place of the 
relevant price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, a minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or 
percentage, as applicable, or an indicative range of prices, rates, levels or percentages.  The actual 
price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, applicable to the Notes will be selected by the Issuer 
from within the range or will not be higher than the maximum price, rate, level or percentage, and/or will 
not be lower than the minimum price, rate, level or percentage, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and will be notified to investors prior to the Issue Date.  The actual price, rate, level or percentage, 
as applicable, will be determined in accordance with market conditions by the Issuer in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes will be required to make their investment decision based on the 
minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, or the indicative range rather 
than the actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, which will only be fixed after the 
investment decision is made but will apply to the Notes once issued. 
Where a minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, or an indicative 
range is specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, 
Maximum Rate of Interest, Margin, FR Rate, Rate and/or AER Exit Rate, prospective purchasers of 
Notes should, for the purposes of evaluating the risks and benefits of an investment in the Notes, 
assume that the actual Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of Interest, Margin, 
FR Rate, Rate and/or AER Exit Rate, as applicable, which will apply to the Notes will be the lowest rate 
specified in the range and make their decision to invest in the Notes on that basis. 
Recognition of English court judgments at the end of the United Kingdom's Brexit Transition Period 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom (the "UK") formally left the European Union. Pursuant to a 
treaty entitled "the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community" (the "Withdrawal 
Agreement"), the UK and the EU agreed to an implementation period, ending on 31 December 2020 
(the "Transition Period"). The Withdrawal Agreement was incorporated into English law by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
As a result of leaving the EU, the UK is no longer bound by the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 
1215/2012 (the "Brussels Recast"), a formal reciprocal regime between EU Member States on the 
allocation of jurisdiction and the mutual recognition and enforcement of Member State judgments. This 
regime is no longer applied by English courts, save in relation to legacy cases (i.e. those cases where 
proceedings were initiated prior to the end of the Transition Period). As a further consequence, English 
judgments will no longer be recognised and enforced in EU Member State courts (including France) 
under this regime, again, save for legacy cases where English judgments are issued in proceedings 
commenced prior to the end of the Transition Period.

--- Page 78 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
78 
Upon leaving the EU, the UK also ceased to be a member of another convention on the allocation of 
jurisdiction and the mutual enforcement of contracting state court judgments, the Lugano Convention 
2007 (the "Lugano Convention"). The EU, Switzerland, Iceland and Norway are members of the 
Lugano Convention and the UK has applied to re-join this convention. Its application is pending. As the 
UK is no longer a Lugano contracting state, English judgments cannot be enforced under this regime 
in other contracting states, although Norway has put in place arrangements with the UK for the 
reciprocal enforcement of judgments. 
Prospective purchasers should also note that on 1 January 2021 the UK re-joined the Hague 
Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the "Hague Convention") as a sovereign state. The 
Hague Convention is another international convention on the jurisdiction and the reciprocal enforcement 
of contracting state judgments. The Hague Convention requires contracting states to respect exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses in favour of other contracting state courts and to enforce resulting judgments. The 
EU, Mexico, Montenegro and Singapore are currently contracting states. 
Accordingly, English judgments issued by an English court pursuant to an exclusive jurisdiction clause 
entered into after 1 January 2021 should be recognised and enforced in France (and other EU states 
and Mexico, Montenegro and Singapore) under the Hague Convention subject to standard exceptions. 
It is generally considered that the Hague Convention only covers exclusive jurisdiction clauses and 
resulting judgments (although, prospective purchasers should note that there are some matters, such 
as certain company matters that are outside the scope of the Hague Convention). There remains 
uncertainty as to whether the Hague Convention would be applied by Member State courts in respect 
of exclusive jurisdiction clauses entered into between 1 October 2015 (when the EU joined the 
Convention and 31 December 2020). The UK has legislated to confirm such clauses would be treated 
as being with the Hague Convention. Although the grounds upon which enforcement may be refused 
under the Hague Convention are in substance similar to those under the Brussels Recast, the Hague 
Convention is new and therefore there may be some uncertainty as to how Member State courts apply 
these provisions at least initially. 
Where English jurisdiction clauses and judgments are not within the scope of the Hague Convention, it 
will be necessary to consider the applicable national law rules. 
Ratings downgrades could occur as a result of, among other causes, changes in the ratings 
methodologies used by credit rating agencies. Changes in credit rating agencies' views of the level of 
implicit sovereign support for European banks and their groups are likely to lead to ratings downgrades. 
If credit rating agencies perceive there to be adverse changes in the factors affecting the Issuer's credit 
rating, including by virtue of change to applicable ratings methodologies, the credit rating agencies may 
downgrade, suspend or withdraw the ratings assigned to the Issuer and/or its securities. Such revisions 
to ratings methodologies and actions on the Issuer's ratings by the credit rating agencies may occur in 
the future. 
The credit rating assigned to the Notes may be reduced or withdrawn 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time. In particular, such suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
may result from a change in the rating methodology of the assigning rating agency. 
Notes cleared through CMU 
The Issuer's obligation to make any payments under Notes cleared through CMU will be discharged 
upon payment to the CMU Paying Agent, and no claims may be brought directly against the Issuer in 
respect of amounts so paid. 
So long as any Note is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of the CMU, each person for whose 
account interest in the Global Note is credited as being held in the CMU, as notified by the CMU to the 
CMU Lodging Agent in a relevant CMU Instrument Position Report, will be the only person entitled to 
receive payments on the Notes represented by the Global Note. Such person(s) must look solely to the 
CMU Paying Agent for his share of each payment made by the Issuer in respect of the Global Note, 
and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of the CMU. The Issuer will be discharged by payment to the CMU 
Paying Agent, and such person(s) shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments 
due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by the Global Note in respect of each amount

--- Page 79 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
79 
so paid. Investors are exposed to the creditworthiness of the CMU Paying Agent and may suffer a loss 
in their investment if the CMU Paying Agent delays in making or fails to make the relevant payment to 
the aforesaid person(s) upon receiving the relevant payment from the Issuer. 
Since the CMU operator can act only on behalf of the CMU participants, who in turn may act on behalf 
of persons who hold interests through them, the ability of persons having interests in the Global Note 
to pledge such interests to persons or entities that are not CMU participants, or otherwise take action 
in respect of such interests, may be affected by the lack of definitive Notes. Any payments by CMU 
participants to indirect participants will be governed by arrangements between the CMU participants 
and such indirect participants. 
Payments, transfers, exchanges and other matters relating to interests in the Global Notes may be 
subject to various policies and procedures adopted by the CMU operator from time to time. None of the 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the CMU Paying Agent, the CMU Lodging 
Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent, the other Agents, nor any of their agents, will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the CMU operator's records relating to, or for payments made 
on account of, interests in the Global Note, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such interests. 
The CMU operator is under no obligation to maintain or continue to operate the CMU and/or to perform 
or continue to perform the procedures described above. Accordingly, the CMU and such procedures 
may be discontinued or modified at any time. None of the Issuer, the Dealer, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, the CMU Paying Agent, the CMU Lodging Agent, the Transfer Agent, the other Agents 
nor any of their agents will have any responsibility for the performance by the CMU operator or the CMU 
participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
2. 
Investment considerations associated with banking regulations and resolution 
measures 
Main Banking Regulations 
Legislative Framework 
In France, credit institutions such as BNP Paribas must comply with the norms of financial management 
set by the Minister of Economy, the purpose of which is to ensure the creditworthiness and liquidity of 
French credit institutions. These banking regulations are mainly derived from EU directives and 
regulations. Banking regulations implementing the Basel III reforms were adopted on 26 June 2013, 
and subsequently revised following legislative proposals issued by the European Commission on 23 
November 2016 (the "EU Banking Package") consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time including 
by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD") 
and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
and Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 
amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic (the "CRR"). Furthermore, Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time including by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as part of the EU Banking 
Package (the "BRRD") and Regulation (EU) no 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended from time to time including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as part of 
the EU Banking Package (the "SRMR"), aim at addressing banking crises in a manner that ensures that 
losses are borne primarily by shareholders and creditors rather than taxpayers while minimizing effects 
on financial stability, and entrusts resolution authorities with certain recovery and resolution powers to 
this effect. The SRMR provides for the establishment of a single resolution board (the "Single

--- Page 80 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
80 
Resolution Board") and a single resolution fund (the "Single Resolution Fund") funded through 
contributions made by the banking industry. 
The amended versions of the CRD and of the BRRD were required to be implemented into national law 
by December 2020. The amended version of the CRR has taken effect as from June 2021, with the 
exception of certain provisions that had already entered into effect or that will take effect through 2025. 
The amended version of the SRMR took effect as from 28 December 2020. 
As a significant Eurozone institution, BNP Paribas is subject to the supervision of the ECB since 
November 2014. As of 1 January 2016, the Single Resolution Board became the competent resolution 
authority with respect to significant Eurozone institutions such as BNP Paribas, and is in charge of the 
resolution tasks relating to the implementation of BRRD/SRMR. 
Capital requirements 
The BNP Paribas Group must comply with minimum capital ratio requirements. In addition to these 
requirements, the main regulations applicable to credit institutions such as BNP Paribas concern risk 
diversification and liquidity, monetary policy, restrictions on equity investments and reporting 
requirements. As of the date hereof, in the various countries in which BNP Paribas operates, it complies 
with the specific regulatory ratio requirements in accordance with procedures established by the 
relevant supervisory authorities. 
French credit institutions are required to maintain minimum capital to cover their credit, market, 
counterparty and operational risks. Since 1 January 2015, pursuant to the CRR, credit institutions, such 
as BNP Paribas, are required to maintain a minimum total capital ratio of 8%, a minimum tier 1 capital 
ratio of 6% and a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5%, each to be obtained by dividing the 
institution's relevant eligible regulatory capital by its risk-weighted assets. These requirements form the 
"Pillar 1" capital requirements. In addition, credit institutions have to comply with certain Common Equity 
Tier 1 buffer requirements, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% that is applicable to all 
institutions, a systemic institution buffer for institutions designated as global systemically important 
banks ("G-SIBs") such as BNP Paribas (the "G-SIB buffer"), as well as an institution-specific buffer to 
cover countercyclical risks, and a buffer covering systemic risks (collectively, the "combined buffer 
requirement"). The systemic risk buffer may be applied at any time upon decision of the relevant 
national authorities. The countercyclical capital buffer is calculated as the weighted average of the 
countercyclical buffer rates that apply in all countries where the relevant credit exposures of the Group 
are located. The weighting applied to the countercyclical buffer rate of each country corresponds to the 
fraction, in the total capital requirements, of the capital requirements corresponding to the credit 
exposures in the territory in question. For the credit exposures located in France, the High Council for 
Financial Stability (Haut Conseil de Stabilité Financière, or the "HCSF") raised the rate of the 
countercyclical buffer from 0% to 0.25%. On 23 January 2019, the HCSF confirmed the entry into force 
in France of this countercyclical capital buffer requirement at 0.25% starting 1 July 2019. The HCSF 
further raised the countercyclical buffer from 0.25% to 0.5% by a decision of 2 April 2019, applicable as 
from 2 April 2020. However on 18 March 2020 the HCSF confirmed that the countercyclical buffer would 
be reduced to 0% until further notice, in light of developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In addition to the "Pillar 1" capital and buffer requirements, the CRD contemplates that competent 
authorities may require additional institutions to maintain additional own funds to cover elements of risks 
which are not fully captured by the minimum "own funds" requirements (so-called "Pillar 2" capital 
requirements or "P2R"). Under the amended version of the CRD in line with the EBA guidelines on the 
revised common procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and evaluation process 
("SREP") and supervisory stress testing dated 19 July 2018, P2R must be composed of at least 56% 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital and at least 75% of tier 1 capital, with the remainder in tier 2 capital. 
In addition, competent authorities may establish an additional own funds guidance (so-called "Pillar 2 
guidance" or "P2G"). While P2G, unlike P2R, is not a legal minimum, banks are expected to follow 
guidance in order to deal with forward-looking stress scenarios. Competent authorities should be 
entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, to impose additional own funds 
requirements, if an institution repeatedly fails to meet the capital target. 
Competent authorities have wide powers at their disposal in CRD and BRRD to take appropriate 
supervisory measures in a range of circumstances, including when institutions breach capital 
requirements, including P2R and capital buffers. In particular, if capital requirements are no longer met,

--- Page 81 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
81 
CRD and BRRD ensure that intervention powers are available to competent authorities (these additional 
measures may in certain circumstances be taken by competent authorities pre-emptively prior to a 
failure to meet minimum requirements). These include: withdrawal of authorization, early intervention 
measures, and resolution actions. 
The Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") requirement that the Group has to respect as from 31 March 2021 
on a consolidated basis is 9.23% (excluding the Pillar 2 guidance), which includes 1.50% for the G-SIB 
buffer, 2.50% for the Conservation Buffer, 0.70% for the Pillar 2 Requirement and including 0.03% of 
countercyclical buffer. The tier 1 capital requirement is 10.96%. The total capital requirement is 13.28% 
(of which 1.25% for the Pillar 2 requirement that remains unchanged). 
TLAC and MREL 
In coordination with the above-mentioned capital requirements, institutions are required to maintain a 
minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities, calculated as a percentage of their own funds and 
total liabilities based on certain criteria, including systemic importance ("MREL"). 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") proposed that G-SIBs (including the BNP 
Paribas Group) maintain significant amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or 
structurally) to certain priority liabilities, such as guaranteed or insured deposits and derivatives. These 
so-called "total loss absorbing capacity" (or "TLAC") requirements are intended to ensure that losses 
are absorbed by shareholders and creditors, other than creditors of priority liabilities, rather than being 
borne by government support systems. The amended versions of CRR and BRRD give effect to the 
FSB TLAC Term Sheet. Under the amended version of the CRR, G-SIBs including BNP Paribas will be 
required to comply with a level of TLAC in an amount at least equal to (i) 16% of the total risk exposure 
through January 1, 2022 and 18% thereafter, and (ii) 6% of the total exposure measure through 1 
January 2022 and 6.75% thereafter. The TLAC requirements, as implemented in the CRR, apply in 
addition to capital requirements applicable to the BNP Paribas Group. 
The amended versions of the BRRD and the SRMR also provide that resolution authorities shall be 
able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIBs comply with a supplementary 
institution-specific requirement, in addition to the TLAC, known as the "MREL add-on", which is to be 
set in accordance with Article 45 and seq. of the BRRD and Article 12 of the SRMR, and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 published on 3 September 2016, as amended 
from time to time. Relevant Resolution Authorities may determine an appropriate transitional period to 
reach the final MREL add-on. In February 2020, the SRB launched a public consultation on proposed 
changes to its MREL policy that includes a requirement for G-SIBs to comply with an MREL add-on 
where the TLAC level is not sufficient to allow, in the context of a resolution, for (i) a full absorption of 
losses, and (ii) a full reconstitution of the G-SIB's own funds restoring compliance with Pillar 1 and P2R 
capital requirements and the leverage ratio requirement, subject to potential adjustments to, inter alia, 
meet resolution objectives and secure market access. The MREL add-on would serve to fill in this gap, 
thereby aligning the approach to resolvability of G-SIBs on the existing approach applicable to non-G-
SIBs. 
The French law known as the "loi Sapin" (relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à 
la modernisation de la vie économique) that entered into force on 11 December 2016, created a new 
ranking for "senior non preferred" notes, that are designed to be eligible to count towards TLAC and 
MREL. Pursuant to this law, Article L.613-30-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) provides that securities that are "non structured" debt securities (as defined in 
Article R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier), issued by any French credit institution as 
from the date of entry into force of the law with a minimum maturity of one year and whose terms and 
conditions provide that their ranking is as set forth in paragraph 4° of Article L.613-30-3, shall rank junior 
to any other non-subordinated liability but senior to any subordinated obligations of such credit 
institution in a judicial liquidation proceeding. 
Leverage and liquidity 
Under the CRR, credit institutions are also required to maintain a leverage ratio. The leverage ratio is 
calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by exposure calculated using the balance sheet assets and off- 
balance sheet commitments assessed according to a prudential approach. Derivatives and repurchase 
agreements are also adjusted. The amended version of the CRR introduces a leverage ratio 
requirement of 3% of Tier 1 capital in addition to the own funds requirements specified in Article 92 of

--- Page 82 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
82 
the CRR, which institutions must meet in addition to the above-mentioned capital requirements. From 
28 June 2021, credit institutions will be subject to a minimum leverage ratio requirement of 3%; and, 
from 1 January 2022, G-SIBs, such as BNP Paribas, will also be subject to a leverage ratio buffer 
requirement equal to the G-SIB total exposure measure used to calculate the leverage ratio multiplied 
by 50% of the applicable G-SIB buffer rate. 
In addition, French credit institutions must satisfy, on a consolidated basis, certain restrictions relating 
to concentration of risks (ratio de contrôle des grands risques). The aggregate of a French credit 
institution's loans and a portion of certain other exposure (risques) to a single customer (and related 
entities) may not exceed 25% of the credit institution's regulatory capital as defined by French capital 
ratio requirements. Individual exposures exceeding 10% (and in some cases 5%) of the credit 
institution's regulatory capital are subject to specific regulatory requirements. Under the amended 
version of the CRR, the capital that can be taken into account to calculate the large exposures limit 
shall be limited to Tier 1 capital and G-SIBs exposures to other G-SIBs shall be limited to 15% of the 
G-SIB's Tier 1 capital. 
The CRR introduced liquidity requirements pursuant to which institutions are required to hold liquid 
assets, the total value of which would cover the net liquidity outflows that might be experienced under 
gravely stressed conditions over a period of thirty (30) calendar days. This requirement is known as the 
liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and is now fully applicable following a phase-in period. In accordance 
with the recommendations of the Basel Committee, the amended version of the CRR introduces a 
binding net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") set at a minimum level of 100%, which reflects the requirement 
that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period 
under both normal and stressed conditions. This ratio will be applicable as from 28 June 2021. 
In accordance with the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform endorsed by the Basel Committee's 
oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (the "GHOS") endorsed 
a revised standardized approach for credit risk, revisions to the internal ratings-based approach for 
credit risk, revisions to the credit valuation adjustment (CVA) framework, a revised standardized 
approach for operational risk; and an aggregate output floor, which will ensure that banks' RWAs 
generated by internal models are no lower than 72.5% of RWAs as calculated by the Basel III 
framework's standardized approaches. These new rules are expected to come into effect in 2022 and 
the output floor is expected to be implemented gradually beginning in January 2022 and fully in effect 
by 2027. The European Commission launched a public consultation from 11 October 2019 to 3 January 
2020, on the basis of which it will issue a legislative proposal in order to implement these rules into EU 
law. Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Basel Committee announced on 27 March 
2020 the deferral of the implementation of the Basel III framework by one year to 1 January 2023 to 
increase operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability 
priorities resulting from the impact on the global banking system of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
MDA and L-MDA 
If a credit institution fails to meet the combined buffer requirement described above (Capital 
requirements), it becomes subject, under Article 141(2) to (6) of the CRD, to a cap on its ability to make 
payments and distributions on shares and other Tier 1 instruments (including Additional Tier 1 
instruments), and on the payment of certain bonuses to employees based on a "maximum distributable 
amount" (the "MDA"). Moreover, pending calculation and notification to the competent authority of the 
MDA, the credit institution is prohibited from inter alia making such payments or distributions. Under the 
amended version of CRD in line with the opinion of the EBA issued on 18 December 2015, the MDA 
should be calculated taking into account minimum (Pillar 1) and additional Pillar 2 capital requirements 
(P2R) and the combined buffer requirement. However, P2G is not required to be taken into account for 
purposes of calculating the MDA. 
Moreover, the amended versions of the BRRD, SRMR and CRR, in particular Article 16a of BRRD and 
10a of SRMR, introduce a requirement for MREL/TLAC, as defined above, to be taken into account in 
the calculation of the MDA (in addition to "Pillar 1" capital requirements, P2R and the combined buffer 
requirement), subject to a nine-month grace period in case of inability to issue eligible debt, during 
which restrictions relating to MDA would not be triggered, but authorities would be able to take other 
appropriate measures.

--- Page 83 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
83 
The amended version of the CRD also introduces an obligation, under Article 141 b, for institutions that 
fail to meet the leverage ratio buffer, to calculate a leverage ratio maximum distributable amount (the 
"L-MDA"), and payments and distributions on shares and other Tier 1 instruments (including Additional 
Tier 1 instruments) as well as payments of certain bonuses to employees will be restricted to such L- 
MDA. 
Resolution Framework 
BRRD and SRMR 
As a significant Eurozone institution, BNP Paribas is subject to the provisions of both the BRRD (as 
implemented in France) and the SRMR. The SRMR provides for the establishment of the Single 
Resolution Board and the Single Resolution Fund funded through contributions made by the banking 
industry. Since November 2014, the ECB is competent with respect to supervisory tasks relating to the 
implementation of the BRRD/SRMR, including recovery plans and early intervention measures. As of 1 
January 2016, the Single Resolution Board became competent with respect to the resolution tasks 
relating to the implementation of BRRD/SRMR with respect to significant Eurozone institutions such as 
BNP Paribas, including the assessment of resolution plans and the adoption of resolution measures. 
The ACPR remains responsible for implementing the resolution plan according to the Single Resolution 
Board's instructions. 
Exercise of resolution powers including bail-in of capital instruments and eligible liabilities 
The resolution authorities have the power to decide the placement in resolution and the exercise of the 
resolution powers at the point at which they determine that: 
(a) 
the institution individually, or the group to which it belongs, as applicable, is failing or likely to 
fail, which includes situations where: 
(i) 
the institution infringes/will in the near future infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorization in a way that would justify withdrawal of such authorization including, but 
not limited to, because the institution has incurred/is likely to incur losses depleting all 
or a significant amount of its own funds; 
(ii) 
the assets of the institution are/will be in a near future less than its liabilities; 
(iii) 
the institution is/will be in a near future unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when 
they fall due; or 
(iv) 
the institution requires extraordinary public financial support. 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that a private action would prevent the failure; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The powers provided to resolution authorities in the BRRD include write-down/conversion powers to 
ensure that capital instruments and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments) fully absorb 
losses in the situations described above (the "Bail-In Tool"). Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that 
resolution authorities may require the write-down of such capital instruments and eligible liabilities in 
part or in full on a permanent basis, or convert them in part or in full into Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the write-down power in a way 
that results in (i) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments being written down first in proportion to the relevant 
losses, (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of other capital instruments being written down or converted 
into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments on a permanent basis and (iii) thereafter, eligible liabilities 
(including senior debt instruments) being written down or converted in accordance with a set order of 
priority. Following such a conversion, the resulting Common Equity Tier 1 instruments may also be 
subject to the application of the Bail-In Tool. 
In addition, the BRRD provides resolution authorities with broad powers to implement other resolution 
measures with respect to institutions that are placed in resolution or, under certain circumstances, their 
groups, which may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution's business, the separation of 
assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of

--- Page 84 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
84 
interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing 
and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
Write-down or conversion of capital instruments outside the placement in resolution 
In addition, the resolution authorities must exercise the write-down of capital instruments or the 
conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments of Additional Tier 1 Instruments and Tier 2 
instruments if the institution has not yet been placed in resolution but any of the following conditions are 
met: 
(a) 
where the determination has been made that conditions for resolution have been met, before 
any resolution action is taken; 
(b) 
the appropriate authority determines that unless that power is exercised in relation to the 
relevant capital instruments, the institution or the group will no longer be viable; and 
(c) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution. 
Single Resolution Fund 
The Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") was established by the SRMR. The purpose of the SRF is to ensure 
that funding is available while a bank is being restructured to ensure the efficient application of 
resolution tools and the exercise of the resolution powers conferred to the Single Resolution Board, 
although costs and other expenses incurred in a bank's resolution should be borne by the bank's 
shareholders and creditors. It is not intended to be a bail-out fund. The SRF shall be gradually built up 
during the first eight years until 2024 and it is intended that, by 1 January 2024, its available financial 
means will reach at least 1 % of the amount of covered deposits of all banks authorized in all of the 
participating Member States. It is owned and administered by the Single Resolution Board and financed 
by contributions of banks established in the Member States participating in the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
Contributions are calculated at least annually by the Single Resolution Board after consultation with the 
ECB and national authorities, on the basis of the pro rata amount of the banks' total liabilities (excluding 
own funds) less covered deposits with respect to the aggregate amount of liabilities (excluding own 
funds) less covered deposits of all banks authorized in all of the participating Member States, subject 
to adjustments that are a function of risk factors. In the case of resolution of a bank that depletes the 
fund, extraordinary ex-post contributions may be required. Through the SRF, the financial industry as a 
whole is the one to ensure the stabilisation of the financial system. 
3. 
Investment considerations associated with certain interest rates 
Additional information on EURIBOR and related reforms 
The euro risk free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Prospective purchasers should note that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the 
rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to the Notes, as further described in the Conditions. 
Additional information on the development of SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SARON and TONA as reference 
rates 
Holders of Notes that reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA should note that the market 
continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA, respectively, as reference 
rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to GBP-LIBOR, USD-LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
CHF-LIBOR and JPY-LIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of backwards-looking rates, 
market participants and relevant working groups are currently assessing the differences between 
compounded rates and weighted average rates and the basis on which to determine them, and such 
groups are also exploring forward-looking "term" SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA reference 
rates; although, it is not known when these will be developed and whether they will be adopted by the

--- Page 85 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
85 
markets. The adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA may also see component inputs into 
swap rates or other composite rates. 
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or 
TONA that differs significantly from the methodology set out in the Conditions. 
Additional information on the development of SONIA reference rates for use in the capital markets 
In connection with the ongoing development of the market in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in 
the capital markets, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term).  The ongoing development of 
Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price 
of the Notes. 
If BBSW, EURIBOR, NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR, WIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the 
applicable floating rate of interest or Underlying Interest Rate may be changed 
In respect of Notes which pay a floating rate of interest or are linked to an Underlying Interest Rate, if 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines at any time that the relevant reference rate has been 
discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the relevant reference rate, the 
alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution in the jurisdiction of the currency of the relevant rate that is consistent with industry accepted 
standards.  If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint a determination agent (which may be the Issuer or an 
affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent) who will determine a replacement reference rate, as well 
as any required changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the replacement rate including 
any adjustment required to make such replacement reference rate comparable to the relevant reference 
rate. Such replacement reference rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and 
will apply to the relevant Notes. 
The replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued reference rate. There can be no 
assurance that any adjustment applied to any Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. 
The conditions also provide for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate quotations, 
which may not be possible if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a sustained 
period of time (or at all).  If the relevant screen page for the reference rate is not available or it is not 
possible to obtain quotations then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant rate of interest for 
the affected Notes at the relevant time acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Prospective purchasers should note that the replacement rate may be different to the original rate. 
It is possible that, if a reference rate is discontinued, a clear successor rate will not be established in 
the market for some time. Accordingly, the terms of the Notes provide as an ultimate fallback that, 
following the designation of a replacement rate, if the Calculation Agent or the determination agent 
appointed by the Calculation Agent considers that such replacement reference rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the original reference rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint or re-appoint a determination agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the 
replacement reference rate or determining a substitute replacement reference rate (despite the 
continued existence of the initial replacement reference rate). Any such substitute replacement 
reference rate, once designated pursuant to the Conditions, will apply to the affected Notes. This could 
impact the relevant rate of interest in respect of the Notes. In addition, any holders of such Notes that 
enter into hedging instruments based on the original replacement reference rate may find their hedges 
to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new 
replacement reference rate. 
Additional considerations associated with Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although 
the NY Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such

--- Page 86 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
86 
prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
Prospective purchasers should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of 
the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, 
on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a result, 
the return on and value of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest by reference to SOFR ("SOFR-
Linked Notes") may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-Linked Notes will likely have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected 
in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR-Linked Notes may be 
lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not 
prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-Linked Notes may be 
lower than those of securities linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors may not be able to 
sell SOFR-Linked Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Prospective purchasers should carefully consider how any potential 
inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates based on SOFR across these markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the SOFR-Linked Notes. 
The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There 
can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a way that affects 
the value of the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, 
that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable 
on SOFR-Linked Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
4. 
Investment considerations associated with Notes with specific features – Green Bonds 
No assurance is given by BNPP that the use of the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible 
Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws, investment policy or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be considered "green" or 
"sustainable" or falling under such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a 
clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
Initiatives have been taken including by the European Commission to define a "taxonomy", or 
systematic classification and definition of qualifying items, for green bonds. In this regard, it should be 
noted that in March 2020 the Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance ("TEG") set up by the 
European Commission ("EC") published (i) its Final report on of the Technical Expert Group on 
Sustainable Finance for the EU Taxonomy ("TEG Taxonomy Report"), setting out the TEG's final 
recommendations for the EC and (ii) a proposed draft model linking the use of proceeds of EU Green 
Bonds to the draft EU Taxonomy Regulation, which sets up a classification system for environmentally 
sustainable economic activities. Under the future EU Taxonomy Regulation, for an economic activity to 
be considered environmentally sustainable it will have to (i) substantially contribute to one of the six 
environmental objectives determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation, (ii) do no significant harm to 
any of the other environmental objectives, (iii) be carried out in compliance with minimum safeguards 
and (iv) comply with technical screening criteria (as set out in the EU Green Bond Standard Usability

--- Page 87 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
87 
Guide). However, no assurance or representation is given by BNP Paribas as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the EU Green Bond Standard Usability Guide. 
These initiatives are still on-going and no date can be given as to when guidance or rules that would 
apply across the green bond market and users will be adopted. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that any projects or uses which are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses, which are the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Green Assets. 
No assurance or representation is given by BNPP as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third parties (whether or not solicited by BNPP) which 
may be made available in connection with the issue and offering of any Green Bonds and in particular 
with the extent to which Eligible Green Assets may fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Green Bond Framework. Any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by BNPP and its affiliates or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other similarly labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled index, no representation or assurance is given by BNPP or any other person that 
such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index, satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any climate projects. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another and that the criteria for inclusion in such index may vary from one index to 
another. No representation or assurance given or made by BNPP or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such index, will be obtained in respect of Green Bonds 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index, will be maintained 
during the life of Green Bonds. Additionally, no representation or assurance is given by BNPP or any 
other person as to the suitability of the Green Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria 
required by prospective investors. BNPP is not responsible for any third party assessment of the Green 
Bonds. 
While it is the intention of BNPP to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds to Eligible Green Assets in, 
or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms and in the Green Bond 
Framework, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) which are the subject of, 
or related to, any Eligible Green Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly there can be no assurance 
that such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Assets. There can be no 
assurance that such Eligible Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by BNPP. Any such event or failure by BNPP to apply the proceeds as intended will not constitute an 
event of default (however defined) under the Green Bonds. 
5. 
Investment considerations associated with Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
Investments in Underlying Reference Linked Notes entail significant risks and may not be appropriate 
for investors lacking financial expertise. Prospective purchasers should consult their own financial, tax 
and legal advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in such Notes and the suitability of such

--- Page 88 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
88 
Notes in light of their particular circumstances and ensure that its acquisition is fully consistent with their 
financial needs and investment policies, is lawful under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
and/or in which it operates, and is a suitable investment for it to make. The Issuer believes that such 
Notes should only be purchased by investors who are, or who are purchasing under the guidance of, 
financial institutions or other professional investors that are in a position to understand the special risks 
that an investment in these instruments involves, in particular relating to options and derivatives and 
related transactions, and should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Notes. 
BNPP and its Affiliates do not provide any advice with respect to any Underlying Reference nor make 
any representation as to its quality, credit or otherwise, and investors in the Notes must rely on their 
own sources of analysis or credit analysis with respect to any Underlying Reference. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Index Linked Notes 
Holders of Index Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference 
to the value of the underlying index/indices and/or interest calculated by reference to the value of the 
underlying index/indices. Such underlying index may be a well-known and widely published index or an 
index which may not be widely published or available.  The index may reference, among other asset 
types, equities, bonds, currency exchange rates, or other securities or it may be a property index 
referencing certain property price data which will be subject to market price fluctuations, or reference a 
number of different assets or indices.  A property index may include valuations only and not actual 
transactions and the property data sources used to compile the index may be subject to change. 
Index Linked Notes linked to a custom index are linked to a proprietary index which may be sponsored 
and/or calculated by BNP Paribas or one of its Affiliates.  Pursuant to the operational rules of the 
relevant custom index, the custom index is scheduled to be calculated on a periodic basis (for example 
on each weekday).  In the event that one of the levels, values or prices of a component included in the 
custom index is not available for any reason on a relevant day of calculation including, without limitation, 
(a) because such day is a non-scheduled trading day in respect of that index component or (b) that 
index component is subject to a market disruption, then the Calculation Agent of the custom index may, 
but will not be obliged to, calculate the level of the custom index on a different basis (for example by 
taking a value for the affected index component from the first preceding day on which a level for such 
affected index component was available). Such an occurrence may potentially result in a delay in the 
publication of the index and the level of the index may be affected. 
Components of certain custom indices may be subject to regular rebalancing in accordance with the 
methodology of the index. As part of the rebalancing, components may be added to or removed from 
the index or their weights adjusted. The components which are included in the index and the weight 
assigned to each component may be determined either wholly or partially by reference to criteria 
specified in the index and/or one or more lists of assets (including, without limitation, research lists, 
analytical reports or "top picks" guides), which are published by a third party unconnected with the 
index.  If a third party is compiling the list of assets such third party may exercise its discretion to 
determine which assets are included in such list. The index methodology may apply objective filters to 
these lists of assets, to determine which assets are included as components in the index and their 
weight. The components which are derived from the list published by a third party may affect the 
performance of the index, and, correspondingly, the value of the Index Linked Notes.  Such third parties 
have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any Noteholders. 
If the Index specified in the Final Terms is replaced by a successor index with the same or a substantially 
similar method for calculating that index or the original index sponsor is replaced by a successor index 
sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, the successor index or the successor index sponsor will 
replace the original index or original index sponsor, as applicable. 
Following a modification to the methodology of the Index (an Index Modification), a permanent 
cancellation of the Index (an Index Cancellation) or if the Index Sponsor fails to calculate or publish the 
level of the Index on a relevant date for valuation (an Index Disruption) (each, an Index Adjustment 
Event), (i) the Calculation Agent may determine whether to (x) determine the level of the Index itself, or 
(y) replace the Index, or (ii) the Issuer may redeem the Index Linked Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 89 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
89 
In addition, if the published level of an Index is subsequently corrected, the corrected level will be used 
if corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected level is published less than three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Share Linked Notes 
Holders of Share Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference 
to the value of the share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the physical delivery of a 
given number of share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs and/or interest calculated by reference 
to the value of the underlying share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs. 
No issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Final Terms 
or in establishing the terms of the Share Linked Notes, and none of the Issuer or any Dealer will make 
any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning 
any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such 
information was extracted.  Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available information described in this paragraph or in any applicable Final Terms) that would affect the 
trading price of the share or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs will have been publicly disclosed.  
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future 
events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the share or Stapled Shares, 
GDRs and/or ADRs. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive 
dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Notes 
relate. 
A Potential Adjustment Event will occur in a number of scenarios more fully described in the Conditions 
that have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the share(s). The Calculation 
Agent may adjust the terms of the Share Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to take account of 
such Potential Adjustment Event. 
An Extraordinary Event will occur upon a De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, 
Stapling, Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) 
or (if specified in the applicable Final Terms) Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or CSR 
Event in respect of a share. If an Extraordinary Event occurs: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to any of the terms of the Share Linked Notes 
(including, in the case of Share Linked Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to 
and/or substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of Shares); 
(b) 
the Issuer may redeem the Share Linked Notes in whole or (in the case of Share Linked Notes 
linked to a Basket of Shares) in part at the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent may make an adjustment to any terms of the Share Linked Notes by 
reference to the corresponding adjustment(s) made by the relevant exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which options on the affected Shares are traded. 
If the Stapled Shares become de-stapled such that one or more shares comprising the Stapled Shares 
may be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased and otherwise dealt with as an individual share, the 
Issuer may elect to substitute the Stapled Shares with an alternative share meeting certain criteria 
selected by the Calculation Agent. 
In addition, if the published price of a Share is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will be used 
if corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published less than three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of ETI Linked Notes 
Holders of ETI Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to 
the value of an interest in one or more exchange traded instruments (an "ETI Interest") and/or interest 
calculated by reference to the value of one or more ETI Interests. While ETI Interests are traded on an 
exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a share traded on an exchange, if ETI Share 
Provisions is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, certain provisions related to ETI

--- Page 90 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
90 
Linked Notes are similar to the provisions related to funds and Fund Linked Notes.  If ETI Share 
Provisions is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions related to the ETI 
Linked Notes will be more similar to the provisions related to shares and Share Linked Notes. 
An exchange traded instrument (an "ETI") may invest in and trade in a variety of investments and 
financial instruments using sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging 
purposes.  None of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by the 
relevant exchange traded instrument(s) and in no way guarantee the performance of an ETI. 
In hedging the Issuer's obligations under the ETI Linked Notes, an entity providing such hedging 
(the "Hedge Provider") is not restricted to any particular hedging practice.  Accordingly, the Hedge 
Provider may hedge its exposure using any method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.  The 
Hedge Provider may perform any number of different hedging practices with respect to ETI Linked 
Notes without taking into account any Noteholder's interests. 
No entity related to the ETI will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the ETI Linked Notes, and none of the Issuer or any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any 
such ETI contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted.  
Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date 
(including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information 
described in this paragraph or in any applicable Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the 
interests in the exchange traded instrument will have been publicly disclosed.  Subsequent disclosure 
of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an 
exchange traded instrument could affect the trading price of interests in the exchange traded 
instruments. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive 
dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant ETIs to which such Notes relate. 
A Potential Adjustment Event will occur in a number of scenarios more fully described in the Conditions 
that have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interest(s). The Calculation 
Agent may adjust the terms of the ETI Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to take account of 
such Potential Adjustment Event. 
In the case of ETI Linked Notes where ETI Share Provisions is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Extraordinary ETI Event will occur as a result of events including (a) a merger 
of the ETI Interests or the ETI or ETI Related Party with other ETI Interests or another entity, an entity 
obtaining a controlling stake in the ETI or ETI Related Party or the insolvency of the ETI or any ETI 
Related Party (Global Events), (b) material litigation or allegations of criminal or fraudulent activity in 
respect of the ETI or ETI Related Party (Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events), (c) the ETI Related Party 
ceasing to act without being replaced (Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Person Events), (d) a material 
change to the ETI or the ETI Documents (Modification Events), (e) a change to or suspension of the 
calculation of the Value per ETI Interest or a breach of the Investment/AUM Level or Value per ETI 
Interest Trigger Percentage (Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events), (f) a change in tax law, 
revocation of any required licence or compulsory redemption of the ETI Interests required by a 
competent authority (Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events), (g) an issue affecting the hedging 
associated with the ETI Linked Notes (Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events) and (h) other 
events such as an Extraordinary ETI Event affecting a portion of the basket of ETI Interests, a rating 
downgrade, issues obtaining or trading ETI Interests or changes in the way dividends are paid 
(Miscellaneous Events), each more fully described in the Conditions.  The Issuer may require the 
Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the ETI Linked Notes to reflect such event, substitute the 
relevant ETI Interest(s) or redeem the ETI Linked Notes at the Termination Amount. 
In the case of ETI Linked Notes where ETI Share Provisions is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Extraordinary Event will occur upon a Delisting, ETI Currency Change, ETI Modification, 
ETI Reclassification, ETI Redemption or Subscription Event, ETI Regulatory Action, ETI Reporting 
Event, ETI Strategy Breach, ETI Termination, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation or, if specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or Tender 
Offer. If an Extraordinary Event occurs:

--- Page 91 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
91 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to any of the terms of the ETI Linked Notes 
(including, in the case of ETI Linked Notes linked to a Basket of ETI Interests, adjustments to 
and/or substitution of constituent ETI Interests of the Basket of ETI Interests); 
(b) 
the Issuer may redeem the ETI Linked Notes in whole or (in the case of ETI Linked Notes linked 
to a Basket of ETI Interests) in part at the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent may make an adjustment to any terms of the ETI Linked Notes by 
reference to the corresponding adjustment(s) made by the relevant exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which options on the affected ETI Interests are traded. 
In addition, if the published price of an ETI Interest is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will 
be used if corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published less 
than three Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Commodity Linked Notes 
Holders of Commodity Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by 
reference to the value of the underlying commodity, commodity index, commodities and/or commodity 
indices and/or interest calculated by reference to the value of the underlying commodity, commodity 
index, commodities and/or commodity indices. 
Where the Commodity Linked Notes are linked to a commodity index, such commodity index may be a 
well-known and widely available commodity index (such as the S&P GSCI®) or a commodity index 
which may be less well known (such as a commodity index that is composed, sponsored and/or 
calculated by BNP Paribas or one of its affiliates) in which case information on the commodity index 
may be less readily available.  A commodity index may be comprised of futures contracts, mono-indices 
or other commodity indices, which may be proprietary.  Pursuant to the operational rules of the relevant 
commodity index, the commodity index is scheduled to be calculated on a periodic basis (for example 
on each weekday).  In the event that one of the levels, values or prices of a component included in the 
commodity index is not available for any reason on a relevant day of calculation including, without 
limitation, (a) where it is a not a business day in respect of that commodity index component or (b) that 
commodity index component is subject to a market disruption event, then the calculation agent of the 
commodity index may calculate the level of the commodity index on a different basis (for example, by 
taking a value for the affected commodity index component on the first day following the end of a 
specified maximum days of disruption based on the price at which it is able to sell or otherwise realise 
any hedge position).  Such an occurrence may potentially result in a delay in the publication of the 
commodity index and the level of the commodity index may be affected. 
A Market Disruption Event will occur if there is a disruption in respect of a commodity or a commodity 
index (a) to the availability of any price source, (b) to the ability to trade, (c) to the Commodity Reference 
Price, (d) to the settlement price of a commodity or index component by an amount equal to the 
maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules, (e) (other than in respect of 
Commodity Linked Notes referencing Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium) caused by a change in 
composition, methodology or taxation or (f) (in respect of a commodity index only) to the price source 
or calculation of a commodity index component. If a Market Disruption Event occurs: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make any calculations in respect of the Commodity Linked Notes 
using a price, level or value that it has determined; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute any relevant commodity, reference price or commodity 
index component (subject to adhering to the criteria set out in the Conditions); or 
(c) 
the Issuer may redeem the Commodity Linked Notes in full at the Early Redemption Amount. 
In the case of Commodity Linked Notes that reference one or more commodity indices, if: 
(a) 
the commodity index is replaced by a successor commodity index with the same or a 
substantially similar method for calculating that commodity index or the original commodity 
index sponsor is replaced by a successor commodity index sponsor acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent such successor commodity index or successor commodity index sponsor will 
replace the original commodity index or the original commodity index sponsor, as applicable; 
and

--- Page 92 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
92 
(b) 
following a modification to the methodology of the commodity index (a Commodity Index 
Modification), a permanent cancellation of the commodity index (a Commodity Index 
Cancellation) or if the commodity index sponsor fails to calculate or publish the level of the 
commodity index on a relevant date for valuation (a Commodity Index Disruption) (each, a 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event), (i) the Calculation Agent may determine whether to (x) 
determine the level of the commodity index itself, or (y) replace the commodity index, or (ii) the 
Issuer may redeem the Commodity Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount. 
In addition, if the reference price of a commodity or commodity index is subsequently corrected, the 
corrected reference price will be used if corrected within 30 calendar days of the original publication, 
provided that, if the corrected level is published less than three Commodity Business Days prior to a 
due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Inflation Linked Notes 
Holders of Inflation Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference 
to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices and/or interest calculated by reference to the value 
of the underlying inflation index/indices. 
The terms of the Inflation Linked Notes may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of an inflation index. The 
Calculation Agent will determine a substitute level for the relevant inflation index by reference to (a) a 
related bond specified in the Final Terms or (b) a formula that calculates the level of the relevant inflation 
index based on previously available levels. If publication of the level of the relevant inflation index is 
disrupted or discontinued or the inflation index is cancelled, the Calculation Agent may determine a 
successor inflation index. The Calculation Agent may further adjust the terms of the Inflation Linked 
Notes to take account of such substitute level or substitute inflation index. 
The Calculation Agent may also make adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes or the 
relevant level of an inflation index if (a) a published level is subsequently revised within the cut-off 
periods described in the Conditions, (b) there is a material change to the formula for calculating an 
inflation index or (c) an inflation index is rebased, provided that, if an inflation index is rebased such that 
the Calculation Agent is unable to make adjustments that would produce a commercially reasonable 
result, the Issuer may redeem the Inflation Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Prospective purchasers should note that if an inflation index is cancelled (and the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a successor inflation index), either the Calculation Agent will calculate the level of 
the inflation index or the Issuer will redeem the Inflation Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Holders of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption 
determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies and/or the physical delivery of a given 
amount of a currency or currencies and/or interest calculated by reference to the value of the underlying 
currency/currencies. Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes reference the performance of an 
exchange rate between a base currency and one or more subject currencies. 
A Disruption Event will occur in respect of the base currency or any subject currency if (unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms) (i) there is a disruption to the source of the exchange rate, (ii) it is 
not possible to obtain firm quotes for such currency, (iii) the currency is split into more than one currency 
exchange rate, or (iv) circumstances similar to (i), (ii) or (iii) arise. Upon the occurrence of a Disruption 
Event in respect of a date for valuation, the following consequences may apply: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may postpone the relevant date for valuation until the Disruption Event 
is no longer subsisting, up to a maximum number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or if not specified five Scheduled Trading Days), following which the Calculation Agent may 
determine a level for the subject currency as of the last such Scheduled Trading Day; 
(b) 
the Issuer may redeem the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes in full at the Early 
Redemption Amount; 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent may postpone any payment date until a Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting.

--- Page 93 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
93 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Fund Linked Notes (other than where the Fund is a 
Euro Fund) 
In respect of Fund Linked Notes other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund, holders of Fund Linked 
Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to the value of fund shares 
or units in one or more funds (including hedge funds, mutual funds or private equity funds) (each a 
"Fund"), the level of a fund index comprised of such fund shares or units and/or the physical delivery of 
a given number of fund shares or units and/or interest calculated by reference to the value of the fund 
shares or units or the level of the fund index.  The value of fund shares or units or the level of a fund 
index may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in particular the investment 
adviser (each a "Fund Service Provider"). 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using 
sophisticated investment techniques.  None of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent have any control over 
investments made by a Fund and therefore in no way guarantee the performance of a Fund.  Funds 
may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent basis.  The 
trading strategies of Funds are often opaque.  Funds, as well as the markets and instruments in which 
they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations or 
other supervisory authorities. 
A Fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure.  Generally, a master-feeder fund 
structure involves the incorporation of a "master" fund company into which separate and distinct 
"feeder" funds invest.  Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, performed at the 
master fund level.  In instances where the Fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund Linked Notes are 
"feeder" funds, the Extraordinary Fund Events described below extend to include the "master" fund and 
its service providers.  In conducting their own due diligence of the relevant Fund(s), prospective 
purchasers should consider whether the relevant Fund(s) are established as part of a master-feeder 
fund structure. 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Fund Linked Notes, and none of the Issuer or any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any 
such issuer of fund shares or units contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such 
information was extracted.  Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the 
trading price of the fund shares or units or the level of the fund index will have been publicly disclosed.  
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future 
events concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units could affect the trading price of the fund shares 
or units or the level of the fund index and therefore the trading price of the Fund Linked Notes. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive 
dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or units or the 
relevant fund index to which such Notes relate. 
An Extraordinary Fund Event will occur as a result of events including (a) a merger of the Fund or Fund 
Service Provider another entity, an entity obtaining a controlling stake in the Fund or Fund Service 
Provider or the insolvency of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (Global Events), (b) material 
litigation or allegations of criminal or fraudulent activity in respect of the Fund or Fund Service Provider 
(Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events), (c) the Fund Service Provider or its key personnel ceasing to act 
and not being replaced (Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events), (d) a material change to the Fund 
or the Fund Documents (Modification Events), (e) a change to or suspension of the calculation of the 
NAV per Fund Share or a breach of the AUM Level or NAV Trigger Percentage (NAV per Fund 
Share/AUM Level Events), (f) the failure of the Fund or the Fund Service Provider to provide required 
information (Reporting Events), (g) a change in tax law, revocation of any required licence or 
compulsory 
redemption 
of 
the 
fund 
shares 
required 
by 
a 
competent 
authority 
(Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events), (h) an issue affecting the hedging associated with the Fund 
Linked Notes (Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events), (i) a restriction or limitation on 
subscriptions or redemptions of any fund shares (Dealing Events) and (j) other events such as an 
Extraordinary Fund Event affecting a portion of the basket or Fund Index components, an issue with 
any rebate agreements, segregation of Fund portfolios, security granted by the Fund or any Fund

--- Page 94 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
94 
Service Provider or a rating downgrade (Miscellaneous Events), each more fully described in the 
Conditions.  The Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the Fund Linked Notes 
to reflect such event, substitute the relevant Fund Shares or the Issuer may redeem the Fund Linked 
Notes at the Termination Amount. 
If the Fund Linked Notes reference a fund index, a Fund Index Adjustment Event will occur following a 
modification to the methodology of the fund index (a Fund Index Modification), a permanent cancellation 
of the fund index (a Fund Index Cancellation) or if the fund index sponsor fails to calculate or publish 
the level of the fund index on a relevant date for valuation (a Fund Index Disruption). Upon the 
occurrence of a Fund Index Adjustment Event, (i) the Calculation Agent may determine whether to (x) 
determine the level of the fund index itself, or (y) replace the fund index, (ii) the Calculation Agent may 
determine such other appropriate adjustments to be made to the terms of the Notes to account for the 
Fund Index Adjustment Event, or (iii) the Issuer may early redeem the Fund Linked Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
The Hedge Provider may not receive the proceeds of redeeming any fund shares that they hold on the 
date expected, for example, if redemption is delayed or suspended by the Fund. If this occurs, the 
Maturity Date of the Fund Linked Notes may be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or 
such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and no additional amount shall be 
payable as a result of such delay. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Fund Linked Notes (where the Fund is a Euro Fund) 
In respect of Fund Linked Notes where the Fund is a Euro Fund, Noteholders will receive an amount (if 
any) on redemption determined by reference to the gross rate of return of an insurance or investment 
policy or capitalisation contract backed by euro-denominated assets (a "Euro Fund") offered by the 
insurance company specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or Fund Linked Notes will pay interest 
calculated by reference to such gross rate of return. The gross rate of return in respect of a Euro Fund 
may be affected by the performance of the insurance company that offers the Euro Fund and/or the 
assets underlying the Euro Fund. 
Euro Funds typically invest in long-term, stable assets, such as bonds, on a "buy-to-hold" basis. As a 
consequence, although none of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments 
made by a Euro Fund, the yield of a Euro Fund portfolio is generally known in advance. Euro Funds 
offer investors a guaranteed rate of return, which is generally higher than the money market rate, but 
limited in terms of performance potential. 
No insurance company will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Fund Linked Notes, and none of the Issuer or any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any 
such insurance company offering such Euro Fund or the assets underlying such Euro Fund referenced 
in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, 
there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events 
that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in this 
paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the gross rate of return of the Euro Fund 
will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or 
failure to disclose material future events concerning such an insurance company could affect the gross 
rate of return of the Euro Fund and therefore the trading price of the Fund Linked Notes. 
An Extraordinary Euro Fund Event will occur as a result of events including (a) the application of the 
gross rate of return of the Euro Fund in a manner that is different to that which is described in the 
contractual policy documents of the Euro Fund, (b) redemption by the insurance company of a 
policyholder's investment in the Euro Fund or cancellation of the Euro Fund, (c) a material modification 
of the Euro Fund, (d) a merger of the insurance company with another entity (or similar event) or the 
sale, transfer, segregation or desegregation of the assets of the insurance company which affects the 
gross rate of return of the Euro Fund, (d) the insolvency of the insurance company, (e) any litigation 
against the insurance company that could materially affect the gross rate of return of the Euro Fund, (f) 
a change in tax law, revocation of any required licence or compulsory redemption of policyholders' 
investments in a Euro Fund required by a competent authority or (g) the failure of the insurance 
company to provide required information, each as more fully described in the Conditions. The Issuer 
may require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the Fund Linked Notes to reflect such event,

--- Page 95 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
95 
substitute the relevant Euro Fund or the Issuer may redeem the Fund Linked Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes 
Holders of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption 
determined by reference to the value of one or more underlying interest rates and/or interest calculated 
by reference to the value of one or more underlying interest rates. 
The underlying interest rate will be determined by reference to a hypothetical interest rate swap 
transaction if ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or by reference to a rate 
provided on a screen page if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Regardless of the rate that is determined, if it is subject to a cap and/or a floor, such underlying interest 
rate will be deemed to be no higher than the Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or no lower than the Minimum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Credit Linked Notes 
Holders of Credit Linked Notes will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference 
to a hypothetical credit default swap referencing obligations of one or more Reference Entities.  
Reference Entities may be corporate, sovereign or supra-national entities.  Following the occurrence of 
a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, the 
redemption value and any interest payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes may be significantly 
reduced, which reduction may be to zero.  The observation period during which a Credit Event in respect 
of a Reference Entity may trigger a reduction of the redemption amount or interest payable in respect 
of a Credit Linked Note will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, and may begin prior to the Issue 
Date of the Credit Linked Notes. 
A Credit Event may occur as a result of events including: (a) the relevant Reference Entity's failure to 
perform certain financial obligations when due (where the NTCE Provisions are not applicable in respect 
of a particular Reference Entity, whether or not such failure represents a deterioration in the financial 
condition or creditworthiness of the Reference Entity); (b) with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, 
its dissolution, insolvency, inability to pay its debts, entry into a general assignment, arrangement, 
scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, becoming the subject of 
proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any similar relief, passing of a resolution 
for its winding-up or liquidation, or being subject to the appointment of an administrator, liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for its assets; (c) certain financial 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity becoming (or being capable of becoming) due and payable 
before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described); (d) an authorised officer of the 
Reference Entity or a governmental authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in 
part, or challenges the validity of, one or more of certain financial obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, or declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to such obligations; (e) a restructuring of certain financial obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity is agreed between the Reference Entity or a governmental authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of the relevant obligation to bind all holders of such obligations, or such a 
restructuring is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the relevant Reference Entity or a governmental 
authority in a form that binds all holders of the relevant obligations, where such event is not expressly 
provided for under the terms of such obligations (and whether or not such restructuring arises from a 
deterioration in the financial condition or creditworthiness of the Reference Entity); or (f) certain rights 
of creditors in respect of certain financial obligations of the Reference Entity are adversely affected as 
a result of action taken or an announcement made by a governmental authority pursuant to, or by means 
of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, 
applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is 
expressly provided for under the terms of such obligations. The foregoing summary is not a 
comprehensive list of events which may constitute a Credit Event, and such events are more fully 
described in the Conditions. Applicable Credit Events in respect of a particular Reference Entity will be 
set out in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes (which may be by reference to publicly available 
documentation). The application of certain Credit Events with respect to certain Reference Entities may 
be further varied by the terms of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 96 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
96 
The market value of Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the market perception of the creditworthiness 
of the relevant Reference Entity.  Even where a Credit Event does not occur, the market value of the 
Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected when the probability or perceived probability of a Credit 
Event occurring in respect of any Reference Entity increases. 
Buying a Credit Linked Note is not equivalent to investing in debt obligations of a Reference Entity.  A 
Credit Linked Note confers no rights in respect of any debt obligations of the relevant Reference Entity.  
The holding of a Credit Linked Note is unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of 
investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity. The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked 
Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of the Issuer's and/or any Affiliates' credit exposure 
to a Reference Entity. 
Certain Considerations Associated with Hybrid Notes 
An investment in Hybrid Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security.  On redemption of Hybrid Notes Holders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of a number of different Underlying References.  Hybrid Interest 
Notes pay interest calculated by reference to the value of a number of different Underlying References. 
6. 
Investment considerations associated with adjustment, disruption and related 
redemption provisions in respect of the Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
Description of Additional Disruption Event and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
The Additional Disruption Events correspond to changes in law (including changes in tax or regulatory 
capital requirements) and hedging disruptions in respect of any hedging transactions relating to the 
Notes. The Optional Additional Disruption Events that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
correspond to (in relation to Custom Index Linked Notes only) a material hindrance or delay to the 
performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes (a Force Majeure Event), (in relation to Custom 
Index Linked Notes only) a default by any hedging counterparty in respect of the Notes (a Hedging 
Party Default), a materially increased cost of hedging (an Increased Cost of Hedging), an increase in 
the rate to borrow any relevant share or any component of an Index (an Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow), insolvency of the relevant Share Company or Basket Company (an Insolvency Filing), an 
inability to borrow any relevant share (a Loss of Stock Borrow), and/or a drop in the price of a Share 
below 5 per cent. (or such other value specified in the applicable Final Terms) of its Strike Price (a Stop-
Loss Event).  Each of the Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events are 
both more fully set out in the Conditions. 
Consequences of a Disrupted Day 
The occurrence of a Disrupted Day (or in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, a Commodity Disrupted 
Day) may delay the determination of the final level, value, price or amount of the index, share, ETI 
interest, commodity or commodity index which could also cause a delay in the payment of any amount 
payable in respect of the Notes as more fully set out in the Conditions.

--- Page 97 ---
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
97 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
The purpose of this section (the "User's Guide") is to provide potential investors with a tool to help 
them navigate through the various documents relating to Notes issued by BNPP under the Base 
Prospectus. 
2. 
DOCUMENTATION 
For each issue of Notes under the Base Prospectus, the documents listed below will be available to 
potential investors on an ongoing basis. 
2.1 
The Base Prospectus 
This document: 
 
contains an overview of the contents of this Base Prospectus, the information relating to BNPP 
and a section entitled "Risks" and a section entitled "Investment Considerations" describing the 
risks and investment considerations relating to BNPP and the Notes; 
 
sets out the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than the specific commercial terms and 
characteristics of a particular issue, in respect of which, see paragraph 2.3 below); 
 
sets out the possible specific characteristics of the Notes, including the type of rate of interest 
or how the rate of interest is calculated and (in the case of Notes linked to one or more 
Underlying Reference) the payout formulae used to calculate the amount(s) (if any) payable or 
assets deliverable to the investors on redemption and the Underlying Reference(s); and 
 
(in the case of Notes linked to one or more Underlying Reference) details the terms specific to 
each type of Underlying Reference linked Notes in the annexes to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
2.2 
The Supplement(s) 
If a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting a potential investor's assessment of the Notes 
arises, the Issuer will publish a supplement to the Base Prospectus. The supplement will be approved 
by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the "AMF") in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the websites of 
BNPP 
(www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/public/LegalDocs.aspx). 
In accordance with Article 23(2a) of the Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Notes before this Base Prospectus is published have the right, exercisable 
within three working days after the publication of this Base Prospectus, to withdraw their acceptances, 
provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arose or was noted 
before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs later. Investors 
should be aware, however, that the law of the jurisdiction in which they have accepted an offer of Notes 
may provide for a longer time limit. 
2.3 
The Final Terms 
The Final Terms will be prepared to document each specific issue of Notes. It will contain: 
 
the specific terms of the issue, including but not limited to: the number of Notes being issued, 
the relevant identification codes and the currency of the Notes; 
 
the commercial terms of the issue, such as the rate of interest or how the rate of interest is 
calculated and (in the case of Notes linked to one or more Underlying Reference) the payout 
formula, any automatic early redemption provisions and the related definitions in respect of a 
specific issue of Notes, as described in the Base Prospectus; 
 
(in the case of Notes linked to one or more Underlying Reference) the Underlying Reference(s) 
to which the Notes are linked;

--- Page 98 ---
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
98 
 
the relevant dates, such as the issue date, maturity date, and (applicable to Notes linked to one 
or more Underlying Reference) the valuation or averaging date(s); and 
 
if required, a duly completed summary specific to such issue of Notes (the "issue specific 
summary"). 
3. 
HOW TO NAVIGATE THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
All Notes issued under the Base Prospectus will be subject to the generic sections of the Base 
Prospectus summarised above. Investors should note that depending on the specific terms of an 
issue of Notes not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to each issuance. 
The table below lists all of the sections of the Base Prospectus and their applicability to each issue of 
Notes: 
 
Sections which are applicable to all Notes 
 
Sections which are only applicable to specific issues of Notes

--- Page 99 ---
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
99 
Contents of the Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
● OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
● RISKS 
● INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
● USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
● FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
● PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
● DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
● TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
● TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts 
 
 
 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
● Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Securities 
 
 
● DESCRIPTION OF BNPP INDICES 
● CONNECTED THIRD PARTY INDICES 
 
 
● USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
● FORM OF THE NOTES 
● FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
● CLEARING SYSTEMS 
● TAXATION 
● U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
● FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
● CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLANS 
● SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
● GENERAL INFORMATION 
● RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
1. Sections providing general information on the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Notes 
2. Sections setting out the general terms 
governing the Notes 
3. Section detailing the different payout formulae 
(applicable to Notes linked to one or more 
Underlying Reference) 
4. Sections applicable to Notes depending on 
the Underlying Reference(s). One or more 
sections may apply depending on the 
Underlying Reference(s) (applicable to Notes 
linked to one or more Underlying Reference). 
5. Sections describing BNPP indices and 
connected third party indices 
6. Section relating to the Issuer 
7. Sections providing additional general 
information in respect of the Notes

--- Page 100 ---
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
100 
4. 
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS 
The applicable Final Terms are divided in three parts: 
 
Part A, titled "CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which provides the specific contractual terms of the 
Notes; 
 
Part B, titled "OTHER INFORMATION", which provides other information specific to the Notes; 
and 
 
In the case of Notes where an issue specific summary is required, an issue specific summary 
of the Notes will be appended to the Final Terms. 
Exhaustive information on the characteristics of the Notes as set out in Parts A and B of the applicable 
Final Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. The following diagram indicates the links between the 
various clauses of Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms and the corresponding sections of the 
Base Prospectus set out above. 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Information linked to sections from the Base Prospectus
TITLE
Issuer of the Notes
Description and definitions relating to the 
Notes
Payout Formula (applicable to Notes linked 
to one or more underlying Reference)
Description and definitions in respect of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (applicable to 
Notes linked to one or more underlying 
Reference)
PART A :
CONTRACTUAL 
TERMS
Information relating to Interest (if applicable) 
or the redemption of the Notes
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY (if applicable)
Information specific to the Notes
Listing and admission to trading and rating 
information
Information on performance of Underlying 
Reference(s) and, other information relating 
to the Underlying Reference(s) (applicable 
to Notes linked to one or more underlying 
Reference)
PART B :
OTHER 
INFORMATION
Public Offer information (if applicable)
1. Sections providing general information 
on the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the 
Notes
2. Sections setting out the general terms 
governing the Notes
3. Section detailing the different payout 
formulae
4. Sections applicable to Notes depending 
on the Underlying Reference(s). One or 
more sections may apply depending on the 
Underlying Reference(s)
5. Sections describing BNPP indices and 
connected third party indices  
6. Section relating to the Issuer 
7. Sections providing additional general 
information in respect of the Notes
2. Sections setting out the general terms 
governing the Notes
3. Sections detailing the different payout 
formulae

--- Page 101 ---
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
101 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) (as defined in "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" below) and the other documents incorporated by reference, contain forward-looking 
statements. BNP Paribas and the BNP Paribas Group (being BNP Paribas together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries, the "Group") may also make forward-looking statements in their audited annual financial 
statements, in their interim financial statements, in their offering circulars, in press releases and other 
written materials and in oral statements made by their officers, directors or employees to third parties. 
Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Bank's and/or Group's beliefs 
and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, 
estimates and projections, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed on them. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Bank and the Group undertake no 
obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Most of the financial data presented or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is presented 
in euros. 
BNP Paribas' consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union. The Group's fiscal year ends on 31 December and 
references in the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English) and the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) and any amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) (in each case, as defined in "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" below and incorporated by reference herein) to any specific fiscal year are to the twelve-
month period ended 31 December of such year. 
Due to rounding, the numbers presented or incorporated by reference throughout this Base Prospectus, 
the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English) and the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) and any amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) may not add up precisely, and percentages may not reflect precisely absolute 
figures.

--- Page 102 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
102 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and shall 
be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
(i) the terms and conditions of the Notes and (ii) the form of final terms, contained in each case 
from the base prospectus or supplements listed in the table below (the "Previous EMTN 
Conditions and Form of Final Terms"); 
(b) 
the final terms for each Non-Exempt Offer (as defined below) extending beyond the validity of 
the 2021 Base Prospectus (as defined below) (the "Offers Extending Beyond the Validity of 
the Base Prospectus"); 
(c) 
BNPP's Document d'Enregistrement Universel au 31 décembre 2020 et rapport financier 
annuel in English including the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and the statutory auditors' report thereon, other than the sections entitled 
"Person Responsible for the Universal Registration Document" and the "Table of 
Concordance", with filing number D.21-0114 (the "BNPP 2020 Universal Registration 
Document (in English)");  
(d) 
BNPP's Document d'Enregistrement Universel au 31 décembre 2021 et rapport financier 
annuel in English including the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and the statutory auditors' report thereon, other than the sections entitled 
"Person Responsible for the Universal Registration Document" and the "Table of 
Concordance", with filing number D.22-0156 (the "BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English)"); 
(e) 
the first Amendement au Document d'Enregistrement Universel 2021 (in English), other than 
the sections entitled "Person Responsible for the Universal Registration Document" and the 
"Table of Concordance", with filing number D.22-0156-A01 (the "First Amendment to the 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)"); and 
(f) 
the second Amendement au Document d'Enregistrement Universel 2021 (in English), other 
than the sections entitled "Person Responsible for the Universal Registration Document" and 
the "Table of Concordance", with filing number D.22-0156-A02 (the "Second Amendment to 
the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)"), 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Document to the 
extent that such statement is inconsistent with a statement contained in this Document or any 
Supplement to this Document. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for 
an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Document. 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
 
Previous EMTN Conditions and Final Terms 
Document and website 
Information 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page References 
2009 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP Arbitrage 
Issuance B.V. dated 29 May 2009 as approved 
by the CSSF (the "2009 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/ind
May 
2009 
EMTN 
Conditions 
51-221 
May 2009 Form of Final 
Terms 
231-283

--- Page 103 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
103 
ex_files/BASE_PROSPECTUSMTNBNPP_BV2
9May2009.pdf  
Supplement dated 26 February 2010 to the 2009 
Base Prospectus as approved by the CSSF 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/ind
ex_files/Resource_053.pdf 
February 
2010 
EMTN 
Conditions 
78 
February 2010 Form of 
Final Terms 
79 
2010 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus dated 3 June 2010 of BNPP 
and BNPP Arbitrage Issuance B.V. as approved 
by the CSSF (the "2010 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BASEPROSPECTUS3June2010MTN
BNPPFINAL.pdf 
2010 EMTN Conditions 
56-251 
2010 Form of Final Terms 
261-314 
2011 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP Arbitrage 
Issuance B.V. dated 7 June 2011 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 11-208 (the "2011 
Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Resource_020.pdf 
June 
2011 
EMTN 
Conditions 
68-272 
June 2011 Form of Final 
Terms 
282-335 
Supplement dated 15 February 2012 to the 2011 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 12-071  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Resource_006.pdf 
February 
2012 
EMTN 
Conditions 
129-135 
February 2012 Form of 
Final Terms 
137-138 
2012 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP Arbitrage 
Issuance B.V. dated 1 June 2012 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 12-239 (the "2012 
Base Prospectus") 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/2012_base2.pdf 
2012 EMTN Conditions 
76-286 
2012 Form of Final Terms 
296-348 
2013 Base Prospectus

--- Page 104 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
104 
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 3 June 2013 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 13-258 
(the "2013 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPP_MTN_Final_Base_Prospectus_
with_visa_and_French_translations_1.pdf 
June 
2013 
EMTN 
Conditions 
91-376 
June 2013 Form of Final 
Terms 
416-462 
Supplement dated 2 October 2013 to the 2013 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 13-523  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Supplement_No2_BNPP_EMTN_date
d_2_OCTOBER_2013_FINAL_with_VISA.pdf 
October 
2013 
EMTN 
Conditions 
11-13 
Supplement dated 19 November 2013 to the 
2013 Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 13-623 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPP_EMTN_Supplement_4_dated_
19_November_2013_FINAL_with_visa.pdf 
November 2013 EMTN 
Conditions 
6-14 
Supplement dated 19 February 2014 to the 2013 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 14-049  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPP_EMTN_Supplement_No_6_19_
February_2014_FINAL_with_visa.pdf 
February 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions 
122 
February 2014 Form of 
Final Terms 
131 
Supplement dated 11 April 2014 to the 2013 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 14-146  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPPEMTNSeventhSupplement11Apr
il2014withVisa.pdf 
April 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions 
17-20 
April 2014 Form of Final 
Terms 
22 
2014 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus dated 5 June 2014 of BNPP as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 14-275 
(the "2014 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPP_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_with
visa05JUN2014.pdf 
June 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions 
100-414 
June 2014 Form of Final 
Terms 
458-506

--- Page 105 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
105 
Supplement dated 10 July 2014 to the 2014 Base 
Prospectus as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 14-390  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM1993286v1_First_EMTN_Supplem
ent_dated_10_July_2014.pdf 
July 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions 
12-15 
July 2014 Form of Final 
Terms 
16 
Supplement dated 7 August 2014 to the 2014 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 14-456 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM20118338v1Second_EMTN_Suppl
ement_dated_7_August_2014.pdf 
August 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions 
14-15 
Supplement dated 22 September 2014 to the 
2014 Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 14-511 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPP%20EMTN%20Third%20Supple
ment%2022%20Sep%202014%20Final%20with
%20visa.pdf 
September 2014 EMTN 
Conditions 
7-124 
September 2014 Form of 
Final Terms 
125-126 
Supplement dated 7 November 2014 to the 2014 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 14-544 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPP_EMTN_Fourth_Supplement_fin
al.pdf 
November 2014 EMTN  
Conditions 
8-13 
Supplement dated 6 February 2015 to the 2014 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 15-047  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/21275481v1UPDATED_Fifth_EMTN_
Supplement_visa.pdf 
February 
2015 
EMTN 
Conditions 
153-166 
February 2015 Form of 
Final Terms 
169-170 
2015 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 9 June 2015 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 15-263 
(the "2015 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM_22039578_v2_BNPP_EMTN_Ba
June 
2015 
EMTN 
Conditions 
109-508 
June 2015 Form of Final 
Terms 
557-610

--- Page 106 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
106 
se_Prospectus_dated_9_June_2015_Document
2.pdf 
Supplement dated 15 February 2016 to the 2015 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 16-050  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Fourth_EMTN_Supplement_dated_15
_Feb_2016.pdf 
February 
2016 
EMTN 
Conditions 
162 
Supplement dated 18 March 2016 to the 2015 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 16-086 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Fifth_EMTN_Supplement_dated_15_F
eb_2016.pdf 
March 2016 Form of Final 
Terms 
18 
2016 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 13 June 2016 
as approved by the AMF with visa number 16-
242 (the "June 2016 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM_22035817_v4_BNPP_NWC_Bas
e_Prospectus_dated_9_June_2016_Document
1.pdf 
June 
2016 
EMTN 
Conditions 
199-548 
June 2016 Form of Final 
Terms 
605-660 
Supplement dated 1 August 2016 to the June 
2016 Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 16-377 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/1st_Supplement_EMTN_1_August_20
16.pdf 
August 
2016 
EMTN 
Conditions 
17-18 
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 9 December 
2016 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
16-575 
(the 
"December 
2016 
Base 
Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/BNPPEMTNFinalBaseProspectus9DE
C2016withVisa.pdf 
December 2016 EMTN 
Conditions 
229-588 
December 2016 Form of 
Final Terms 
645-701

--- Page 107 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
107 
Supplement dated 8 February 2017 to the 
December 2016 Base Prospectus as approved 
by the AMF with visa number 17-055  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM26371736v1FINALBNPPEMTNFir
stSupplement8Feb2017.pdf 
February 
2017 
EMTN 
Conditions 
189-190 
February 2017 Form of 
Final Terms 
192 
2017 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 2 August 2017 
as approved by the AMF with visa number 17-
415 (the "2017 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM27946377v1FINAL_2017_BNPP_
EMTN_Base_Prospectus_with_visa.pdf 
August 
2017 
EMTN 
Conditions 
240-613 
August 2017 Form of Final 
Terms 
673-733 
Supplement dated 28 March 2018 to the 2017 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 18-097 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM29713692_FINAL_2017_EMTN_T
hird_Supplement.pdf 
March 2018 Form of Final 
Terms 
63 
2018 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 5 July 2018 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 18-288 
(the "2018 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM30479707v1FINALBNPPEMTNBa
seProspectus2018withvisa.pdf 
July 
2018 
EMTN 
Conditions 
257-677 
July 2018 Form of Final 
Terms 
751-818 
Supplement dated 6 August 2018 to the 2018 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 18-364 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/First%20Supplement%206%20August
%202018.pdf 
August 
2018 
EMTN 
Conditions 
16-17 
2019 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 5 July 2019 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 19-328 
(the "2019 Base Prospectus")  
July 
2019 
EMTN 
Conditions 
253-686

--- Page 108 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
108 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM_33099273_v2_FINAL_BNPP_EM
TN_Base_Prospectus_2019.pdf 
July 2019 Form of Final 
Terms 
763-830 
Supplement dated 10 December 2019 to the 
2019 Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 19-567 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/ICM_34276128_v1_FINAL_Third_201
9_EMTN_Supplement.pdf 
December 2019 EMTN 
Conditions 
8-10 
December 2019 Form of 
Final Terms 
11 
2020 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 3 July 2020 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 20-314 
(the "2020 Base Prospectus")   
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/UKO2_2000837162_v1_EMTN_2020_
Final_Base_Prospectus_with_visa_no.pdf 
July 
2020 
EMTN 
Conditions 
106-572 
July 2020 Form of Final 
Terms 
650-719 
Supplement dated 18 January 2021 to the 2020 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 21-015 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Fourth_Supplement_to_the_EMTN_Pr
ogramme_2021_18_01_2021.pdf 
January 
2021 
EMTN 
Conditions 
18-27 
January 2021 Form of 
Final Terms 
28-33 
Supplement dated 19 February 2021 to the 2020 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 21-043  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Fifth_Supplement_to_the_EMTN_Prog
ramme_2021_19_02_2021.pdf 
February 
2021 
EMTN 
Conditions 
189 
February 2021 Form of 
Final Terms 
190-193 
Supplement dated 6 May 2021 to the 2020 Base 
Prospectus as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 21-138 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/Seventh_Supplement_to_the_EMTN_
Programme_2021_06_05_2021.pdf 
May 2021 Form of Final 
Terms 
9 
2021 Base Prospectus

--- Page 109 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
109 
Base prospectus of BNPP dated 2 July 2021 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 21-273 
(the "2021 Base Prospectus")  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/UKO2_2002892199_v1_FINAL_2021_
EMTN_BP_with_approval_number.pdf 
July 
2021 
EMTN 
Conditions 
114-614 
July 2021 Form of Final 
Terms 
624-697 
Supplement dated 4 November 2021 to the 2021 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 21-471  
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/20211105_Second_Supplement_to_th
e_EMTN_Programme_2021.pdf 
November 2021 EMTN 
Conditions 
12-13 
Supplement dated 14 February 2022 to the 2021 
Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 22-029 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/Alfres
coResource.aspx?path=%2F/Legal%20Docs/in
dex_files/3rd_Supplement_BNPP_EMTN_14_F
ebruary_2022.pdf 
February 
2022 
EMTN 
Conditions 
182 
 
Offers Extending Beyond the Validity of the Base Prospectus 
ISIN 
Website 
XS2492172635 
https://eqdpo.bnpparibas.com/XS2492172635  
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Information incorporated by 
reference  
Headings as listed by Annex 1 
of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
Page Reference 
BNPP 2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document (in 
English) -  
https://invest.bnppa
ribas/en/groupe-de-
document/universal
-registration-
document-and-
annual-financial-
report-2021 
First Amendment 
to the BNPP 2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document (in 
English) –  
https://invest.bnppa
ribas/en/document/
1st-amendment-to-
the-2021-universal-
registration-
document 
Second 
Amendment to the 
BNPP 2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document (in 
English) – 
https://invest.bnppa
ribas/en/document/
2nd-amendment-to-
the-2021-universal-
registration-
document 
2. 
Statutory auditors 
686 
136 
5 
3. 
Risk factors 
309-323 
92-108 
N/A 
4. 
Information about 
the Issuer 
4-6; 695-698 
N/A 
N/A 
5. 
Business overview

--- Page 110 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
110 
5.1 
Principal 
activities 
7-18; 218-221; 670-
676 
N/A 
N/A 
5.2 
Principal 
markets 
7-18; 218-221; 670-
676 
N/A 
N/A 
5.3 
History and 
development 
of the issuer 
6 
N/A 
N/A 
5.4 
Strategy and 
objectives 
157-160; 582-583; 
630-640; 650-651 
N/A 
N/A 
5.5 
Possible 
dependency 
668 
N/A 
N/A 
5.6 
Basis for any 
statements 
made by the 
issuer 
regarding its 
competitive 
position 
7-18; 132-148 
N/A 
N/A 
5.7 
Investments 
267; 570; 628-629; 
669 
N/A 
N/A 
6. 
Organisational 
structure 
 
 
 
6.1 
Brief 
description 
4; 650-651 
N/A 
N/A 
6.2 
List of 
significant 
subsidiaries 
281-289; 562-569; 
670-675 
N/A 
N/A 
7. 
Operating and 
financial review 
 
 
 
7.1 
Financial 
situation 
160; 180, 182; 532-
533 
3-74; 77-78 
N/A 
7.2 
Operating 
results 
132-148; 155-156; 
163-169; 180; 219; 
532 
63-74 
N/A 
8. 
Capital resources 
 
 
 
8.1 
Issuer’s 
capital 
resources 
184-185; 557 
57; 78; 80-91 
N/A 
8.2 
Sources and 
amounts of 
cash flows 
183 
N/A 
N/A 
8.3 
Borrowing 
requirements 
and funding 
structure 
160; 482-498 
18 
N/A 
9. 
Regulatory 
environment 
299; 306-308 
N/A 
N/A 
10. 
Trend information 
 
 
 
10.1 
Main recent 
trends 
157-160; 669 
110 
N/A

--- Page 111 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
111 
10.2 
Trends likely 
to have a 
material 
impact on the 
Issuer's 
outlook 
157-160; 669 
110 
N/A 
11. 
Profit forecasts or 
estimates 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
12. 
Administrative, 
management, and 
supervisory bodies, 
and senior 
management 
 
 
 
12.1 
Administrative 
and 
management 
bodies 
35-50; 114 
N/A 
N/A 
12.2 
Administrative 
and 
management 
bodies’ 
conflicts of 
interest 
55-56; 70-71; 81-
110 
N/A 
N/A 
13. 
Remuneration and 
benefits 
 
 
 
13.1 
Total amounts 
set aside or 
accrued by 
the Issuer or 
its 
subsidiaries to 
provide 
pension, 
retirement or 
similar 
benefits 
81-110, 257-264; 
277 
112-132 
N/A 
13.2 
Amount of 
remuneration 
paid and 
benefits in 
kind granted 
81-110, 257-264; 
277 
112-132 
N/A 
14. 
Board practices 
 
 
 
14.1 
Date of expiry 
of the current 
terms of office 
35-48 
N/A 
N/A 
14.2 
Information 
about 
members of 
the 
administrative 
bodies’ 
service 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 112 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
112 
contracts with 
the Issuer 
14.3 
Information 
about the 
audit 
committee 
and 
remuneration 
committee 
58-66 
N/A 
N/A 
14.4 
Corporate 
governance 
regime in 
force in the 
Issuer’s 
country of 
incorporation 
51-58 
N/A 
N/A 
14.5 
Potential 
material 
impacts on the 
corporate 
governance 
35-48 
N/A 
N/A 
15. 
Employees 
 
 
 
15.1 
Number of 
employees 
4; 614-615; 650; 
695 
N/A 
N/A 
15.2 
Shareholdings 
and stock 
options 
81-110; 204-205; 
612-613 
N/A 
N/A 
15.3 
Information 
about 
members of 
the 
administrative 
bodies’ 
service 
contracts with 
the Issuer 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
16. 
Major shareholders 
 
 
 
16.1 
Shareholders 
owning more 
than 5% of the 
Issuer’s 
capital or 
voting rights 
19; 20 
N/A 
N/A 
16.2 
Existence of 
different 
voting rights 
19 
N/A 
N/A 
16.3 
Control of the 
Issuer 
19; 20 
N/A 
N/A 
16.4 
Description of 
any 
arrangements, 
known to the 
Issuer, the 
20 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 113 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
113 
operation of 
which may at 
a subsequent 
date result in 
a change of 
control of the 
Issuer 
17. 
Related party 
transactions 
81-110; 278-279; 
682-683 
N/A 
N/A 
18. 
Financial information 
concerning the 
Issuer’s assets and 
liabilities, financial 
position, and profits 
and losses 
 
 
 
18.1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
5; 23; 132-290; 
532-570 
63-74; 77; 78 
N/A 
18.2 
Interim and 
other financial 
information 
N/A 
63-74; 77; 78 
N/A 
18.3 
Auditing of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information 
291-296; 571-576 
N/A 
N/A 
18.4 
Pro forma 
financial 
information 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
18.5 
Dividend 
policy 
23; 26-27; 133; 
158; 160; 560 
N/A 
N/A 
18.6 
Legal and 
arbitration 
proceedings 
266-267 
110; 111 
N/A 
18.7 
Significant 
change in the 
Issuer’s 
financial or 
trading 
position 
669 
110 
N/A 
19. 
Additional 
information 
 
 
 
19.1 
Share capital 
19; 264-266; 551-
553; 677; 702 
N/A 
N/A 
19.2 
Memorandum 
and articles of 
association 
677-682 
N/A 
N/A 
20. 
Material contracts 
668 
N/A 
N/A 
21. 
Documents on 
display 
668 
110 
4

--- Page 114 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
114 
 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
Page Reference 
2020 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/universal-registration-document-and-annual-financial-report-2020 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
164 
Statement of net income and changes in assets 
and liabilities recognised directly in equity 
165 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2020 
166 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
167 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
between 1 January 2019 and 31 December 
2020 
168; 169 
Notes to the financial statements prepared in 
accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union 
170-271 
Statutory Auditors' report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of BNP Paribas for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 
272-277 
2021 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/groupe-de-document/universal-registration-document-and-annual-financial-report-
2021 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
180 
Statement of net income and changes in assets 
and liabilities recognised directly in equity 
181 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2021 
182 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
183 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
between 1 January 2021 and 31 December 
2021 
184; 185 
Notes to the financial statements prepared in 
accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union 
186-290 
Statutory Auditors' report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of BNP Paribas for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 
291-296 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the 
tables above is for information purposes only. 
The Issuer will provide, free of charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Document has been 
delivered, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which 
are incorporated herein by reference. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed 
to the Issuer at its principal office set out at the end of this Document. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the AMF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements

--- Page 115 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
115 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
BNPP has given an undertaking in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Paris to the 
effect that, so long as any Note remains outstanding and listed on such Exchange, in the event of any 
adverse change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme and 
which is not reflected in this Document, it will prepare a further supplement to this Document or publish 
a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Paris. If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make 
this Document, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared. 
In relation to any issue of Notes, the applicable Final Terms should be read in conjunction with this 
Document.

--- Page 116 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
116 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer ............................................................................ 118 
2. 
Status of the Notes............................................................................................................. 121 
3. 
Interest and AER Rate ....................................................................................................... 124 
4. 
Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons...................................................... 183 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase ................................................................................................ 199 
6. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................. 212 
7. 
Redenomination ................................................................................................................. 214 
8. 
Events of Default and Enforcement ................................................................................... 215 
9. 
Prescription ........................................................................................................................ 216 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons .................................................... 216 
11. 
Further Issues .................................................................................................................... 216 
12. 
Notices ............................................................................................................................... 216 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver ........................................................... 217 
14. 
Agents and Registrar ......................................................................................................... 218 
15. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ..................................................................... 219 
16. 
Governing Law and submission to jurisdiction ................................................................... 219 
17. 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption ....................................................................... 219 
 
 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes which will include the additional terms and 
conditions for payouts for Notes contained in Annex 1, the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 3 in 
the case of Share Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 4 in the case 
of Inflation Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 in the case of Fund 
Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 8 in the case of ETI Linked Notes, the 
additional terms and conditions in Annex 9 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
and the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 10 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Notes which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final 
Terms for the purpose of a specific issue of Notes, will be attached to or incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note and which will be endorsed upon each definitive Note. The applicable Final Terms 
will be incorporated into, or attached to, each Global Note and endorsed upon each definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" below for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will include the definitions of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions or specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of the Notes ("Notes", which expression shall mean (i) in relation to any 
Notes represented by a Note in global form (a "Global Note", which term shall include any Bearer 
Global Note or Registered Global Note), units of the lowest Specified Denomination (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) in the Specified Currency of the relevant Notes, (ii) definitive Notes issued in 
exchange (or part exchange) for a Global Note and (iii) any Global Note) issued by BNP Paribas 
("BNPP" or the "Issuer")) subject to, and with the benefit of, an amended and restated agency 
agreement (the "Agency Agreement", which expression includes the same as it may be updated or 
supplemented from time to time) dated on or around 1 July 2022 and made between BNPP as issuer, 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date (as 
defined below), will be substituted with BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg) as Luxembourg listing 
agent, principal paying agent, transfer agent and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, calculation 
agent (the "Principal Paying Agent" and "Transfer Agent" which expressions shall include any 
successor as principal paying agent or transfer agent and the "Calculation Agent" which expression 
shall include any other calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms), BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted 
with BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg) as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall

--- Page 117 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
117 
include any successor registrar) and the other paying agents and transfer agents named therein 
(together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents" and "Transfer Agents" which 
expressions shall include any additional or successor paying agents or transfer agents). The Principal 
Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agents are referred to together as the "Agents". 
BNPP and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup reorganisation 
pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas Securities Services 
SCA, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which is 
governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (the 
"Intragroup Merger"). The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or such other date as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (the "Merger Date"). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") 
and, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Note"), may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References to the "applicable Final 
Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
"Series" means each original issue of Notes together with any further issues which (a) are expressed 
to be consolidated and form a single series with the original issue and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the Issue Date, Issue 
Price, the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon (if any) and/or the date from which 
interest (if any) starts to accrue and the expressions "Notes of the relevant Series" and "Noteholders 
of the relevant Series" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
The holders for the time being of the Notes ("Noteholders"), which expression shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided in Condition 1, the holders of the 
Coupons 
(as 
defined 
below) 
appertaining 
to 
interest-bearing 
definitive 
Bearer 
Notes 
(the "Couponholders"), the holders of the Talons (the "Talonholders") and the holders of the Receipts 
(the "Receiptholders") are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. Certain 
statements in these Terms and Conditions are summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or, as the case 
may be, a Regulated Market (including the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(including the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange)) or 
the Euro MTF exchange regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF Market") 
(including the professional segment of the Euro MTF) the applicable Final Terms will be published on 
the website of Euronext Paris or the relevant Regulated Market, as applicable. If this Note is an Exempt 
Note, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to 
its holding of such Notes and identity. Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of 
Final Terms) and the Final Terms for the Notes of this Series (i) are available from the principal office 
of the Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents set out at the end of these Terms and Conditions 
or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent). 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the amended 
and restated deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated on or around 1 July 2022 and made by 
the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system (including

--- Page 118 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
118 
The Depository Trust Company, CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS") and Euroclear 
France and the Intermédiaires habilités authorised to maintain accounts therein (together, "Euroclear 
France")) approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. Exempt Notes denominated in 
Canadian dollars may be settled and cleared through CDS. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or defined or set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (which term, as used herein, means, in relation to this Note, the Final Terms attached hereto or 
endorsed hereon) shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of any 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes") 
in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination(s) and definitive Notes will be 
serially numbered. This Note is a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. This Note is, to the extent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Fixed Rate Note, a Resettable Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon 
Note and/or a Note with interest linked to one or more, or a combination of, underlying 
reference asset(s) or basis (bases) (each an "Underlying Reference(s)") specified in 
the applicable Final Terms ("Linked Interest Notes") such as an Index Linked Interest 
Note, a Share Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Commodity 
Linked Interest Note, a Fund Linked Interest Note, an ETI Linked Interest Note, a 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Interest Linked Note, an Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Note or (in the case of a combination of underlying reference assets or bases) 
a Hybrid Interest Note or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, any other type 
of Note depending on the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. This 
Note may be an Index Linked Redemption Note, a Share Linked Redemption Note, an 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note, a Commodity Linked Redemption Note, a Fund 
Linked Redemption Note, a Credit Linked Note, an ETI Linked Redemption Note, a 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Note, an Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Redemption Note, a Note with redemption linked to any combination of 
underlying reference assets or bases (a "Hybrid Redemption Note" and together with 
a Hybrid Interest Note, "Hybrid Notes"), an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or any 
combination thereof or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, any other type of 
Note depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  If it is a definitive Bearer Note, it is issued with coupons for the payment of 
interest ("Coupons") attached and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") 
attached unless it is a Zero Coupon Note in which case references to interest (other 
than in the case of late payment) and Coupons in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. If it is a definitive Bearer Note Instalment Note it is issued with receipts 
("Receipts") for the payment of instalments of principal prior to stated maturity 
attached. Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Coupon(s), Couponholder(s) 
or coupon(s) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talon(s), Talonholder(s) or talon(s). 
If the Notes are Hybrid Interest Notes and/or Hybrid Redemption Notes and Hybrid 
Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions 
of the Notes will be construed on the basis that in respect of each separate type of 
Underlying Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each such separate type of 
Underlying Reference will apply, as the context admits, separately and independently 
in respect of the relevant type of Underlying Reference, except as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  "Hybrid Business Day" has the meaning given to such term 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, the Coupons and the Receipts will 
pass by delivery and title to Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The holder of each Coupon

--- Page 119 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
119 
or Receipt, whether or not such Coupon or Receipt is attached to a Bearer Note, in his 
capacity as such, shall be subject to and bound by all the provisions contained in the 
relevant Note. The Issuer and any Agent, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not such Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt shall be overdue 
and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Bearer Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
The Issuer has appointed the Registrar at its office specified below to act as registrar 
of the Registered Notes. The Issuer shall cause to be kept at the specified office of the 
Registrar for the time being at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, a register 
(the "Register") on which shall be entered, inter alia, the name and address of the 
holder of the Registered Notes and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered 
Notes. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Registered 
Global Note (each as defined in Condition 1(b)(vi) below) held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "Noteholders" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Bearer Global Note or a 
Registered Global Note (each as defined in Condition 1(b)(vi) below) held by or on 
behalf of the HKMA as the operator of the CMU ("CMU operator"), each person for 
whose account interest in the relevant Bearer Global Note or Registered Global Note 
is credited as being held in the CMU, as notified by the CMU to the CMU Lodging Agent 
in a relevant CMU Instrument Position Report, or any other relevant notification by the 
CMU (which notification, in either case, shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the CMU save in the case of manifest error), shall be treated by the Issuer and any 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"Noteholders" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or the CMU or such other clearing system approved by the Issuer or the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(i) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU, as the case may be, and, in 
turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such 
clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable 
for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered

--- Page 120 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
120 
Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU, as the case 
may be and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph (iii) below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive 
form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set 
out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the 
holder or holders must (a) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and deposit 
such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer 
and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided 
above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are 
open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such 
longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may 
request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and 
delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(iii) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall 
not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(iv) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting 
any registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or 
expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the 
Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, 
tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
(v) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for 
interests in a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. Prior to 
expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (as defined below), 
transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Global Note may be 
made to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person under 
Regulation S (or for the account or benefit of such person) only pursuant to an

--- Page 121 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
121 
exemption from the registration requirements of the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). 
(vi) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Bearer Global Note" means a global note (temporary or permanent) in bearer 
form; 
"CMU" or "CMU Service" means the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (or 
any lawful successor thereto), being the book-entry clearing system operated 
by the HKMA; 
"CMU Instrument Position Report" means the instrument position report 
showing the aggregate nominal value of the instrument specified therein held 
by CMU Members in the CMU securities accounts, as prepared from time to 
time by the CMU, and provided to the relevant paying agent of such instrument, 
in the form shown in Appendix E.2 of the CMU Manual; 
"CMU Lodging Agent" shall be the agent appointed in such role by the Issuer 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms (which expression shall include any 
successor CMU lodging agent); 
"CMU Manual" means the reference manual relating to the operation of the 
CMU Service issued by the HKMA to CMU Members, as amended from time 
to time; 
"CMU Member" means any member of the CMU Service; 
"CMU Paying Agent" shall be the agent appointed in such role by the Issuer 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms (which expression shall include any 
successor CMU paying agent); 
"CMU Rules" means all requirements of the CMU Service for the time being 
applicable to a CMU Member and includes (a) all the obligations for the time 
being applicable to a CMU Member under or by virtue of its membership 
agreement with the CMU Service and the CMU Manual; (b) all the operating 
procedures as set out in the CMU Manual for the time being in force in so far 
as such procedures are applicable to a CMU Member; and (c) any directions 
for the time being in force and applicable to a CMU Member given by the HKMA 
through any operational circulars or pursuant to any provision of its 
membership agreement with the HKMA or the CMU Manual; 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes, as determined and 
certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the 
relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
"HKMA" means the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the government authority 
in Hong Kong with responsibility for maintaining currency and banking stability, 
or any lawful successor thereto; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China; 
"Registered Global Note" means a global note in registered form; and 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status (Senior Notes) 
Senior Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
122 
(1) 
If the Notes are "Senior Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Preferred 
Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all 
times rank: 
(X) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Obligations; 
(Y) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(Z) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable 
ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes 
rank: 
A. 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions; 
and 
B. 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
 
(2) 
If the Notes are "Senior Non Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all 
times rank: 
(X) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations; 
(Y) 
senior to Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations 
and any other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations; and 
(Z) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred exceptions 
including Senior Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable 
ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
rank: 
A. 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
B. 
senior to any Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated 
Obligations and any other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated claims (including subordinated 
securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) that rank or 
are expressed to rank senior to obligations or instruments of the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations (including 
subordinated securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) 
or other instruments issued by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
among themselves, and are direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any senior (chirographaires) obligations 
(including the Senior Non Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer which 
fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–
I-4°. of the French Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 123 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
123 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any senior obligations (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within 
the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. 
(b) 
Status (Subordinated Notes) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes 
be treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital. Condition 2(b)(i) will apply in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes for so long as such Subordinated Notes are treated 
for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital (such Subordinated Notes being hereafter 
referred to as "Qualifying Subordinated Notes"). Should the principal and interest of 
any outstanding Qualifying Subordinated Notes be fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital 
("Disqualification Event") (Subordinated Notes affected by a Disqualification Event 
being hereafter referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated Notes"), Condition 2(b)(ii) 
will automatically replace and supersede Condition 2(b)(i) for such Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes without the need for any action from the Issuer and without 
consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other 
Notes outstanding at such time. 
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of 
the French Code de commerce. 
(i) 
Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject as provided in sub-
paragraph (ii) below, their principal and interest constitute and will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of BNPP and 
rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with any 
obligations or instruments of BNPP that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated 
Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of BNPP, 
bankruptcy proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting BNPP, the 
rights of the holders in respect of principal and interest to payment under the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes will be: 
(A) 
 
subordinated to the full payment of: 
(1) 
the unsubordinated creditors of BNPP; 
(2) 
any subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank senior 
to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes; 
(3) 
any Disqualified Subordinated Note issued by BNPP; and 
(4) 
Eligible Creditors of BNPP; and 
(B) 
paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to BNPP, titres 
participatifs issued by BNPP and any deeply subordinated obligations 
of BNPP (obligations dites "super subordonnées" i.e. engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). 
(ii) 
Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Disqualified Subordinated Notes, their principal and interest 
constitute and will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations (in accordance with Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the 
French Code monétaire et financier created by Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 
21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the banking sector 
implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law) of BNPP and rank and 
will rank pari passu (a) among themselves and (b) with any and all instruments 
that have (or will have) such rank (including for the avoidance of doubt 
instruments issued on or after 28 December 2020 initially treated as Additional 
Tier 1 Capital and which subsequently lost such treatment).

--- Page 124 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
124 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of BNPP, 
bankruptcy proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting BNPP, the 
rights of the holders in respect of principal and interest to payment under the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes will be: 
(A) 
subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of 
BNPP and any subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank 
senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and 
(B) 
paid in priority to Eligible Creditors of BNPP, Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes issued by BNPP, any prêts participatifs granted to BNPP, titres 
participatifs issued by BNPP and any deeply subordinated obligations 
of BNPP (obligations dites "super subordonnées" i.e. engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). 
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated claims (including 
subordinated securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code 
de commerce) that rank or are expressed to rank (i) senior to obligations or 
instruments of the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations 
and (ii) junior to Disqualified Subordinated Notes. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations 
(including subordinated securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the 
French Code de commerce) or other instruments issued by the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves, and are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in 
priority to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements 
dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any 
Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have 
or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-
contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off 
Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and 
potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 2(c) is intended to provide or shall 
be construed as acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder 
of any Note, Receipt or Coupon but for this Condition 2(c). 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(c), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all 
rights of or claims of any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or 
in connection with any such Note, Receipt or Coupon. 
(d) 
Potential impact of resolution 
The potential impact on the Notes in the event of the resolution of the Issuer is detailed 
in Condition 17 (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption). 
3. 
Interest and AER Rate 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) specified per annum (or otherwise) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  
Interest will accrue in respect of each Interest Period (which expressions shall in these

--- Page 125 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
125 
Terms and Conditions mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End 
Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date" 
for the relevant Interest Period)).  
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest 
or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such 
later date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Date 
in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are in definitive form except as provided in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of such Interest Period, will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and 
(B) 
The amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: (A) in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or (B) in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises 
more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding.

--- Page 126 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
126 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Resettable Note bears or pays interest calculated as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Rate of 
Interest will be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest will be the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Rate 
of Interest will be the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest 
or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such 
later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
Interest in respect of each Interest Period will be determined by either the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
the case may be, determine the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest or 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, (subject to any Minimum 
Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the 
relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest payable on the Notes will be calculated 
in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(a) 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) aboveand, for such purposes, references in Condition 
3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to be to 
"Resettable Notes" and Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 127 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
127 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly 
Paid Note, in accordance with Condition 3(l)) or pays interest in respect of each 
Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean 
the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Period End Date (each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date" 
for the relevant Interest Period)).  For the purposes of this Condition 3(c) 
"Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(1) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after 
the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Period End Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after 
an Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest 
being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(c)(i)(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in 
the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above (2) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (aa) such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (bb) 
each subsequent Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, 
as the case may be, shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 128 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
128 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Rate of Interest will be determined by either the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each date on which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
(the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate of Interest (subject 
to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Where (i) the Calculation Agent is not specified as the Principal Paying Agent 
in the applicable Final Terms or is not the same entity as the Principal Paying 
Agent and (ii) the Calculation Agent determines the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount, then the Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying 
Agent of the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest 
Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.  
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the FBF 
Rate (where FBF Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the

--- Page 129 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
129 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for 
a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate or (ii) in relation to FBF 
Determination, the period of time specified in the relevant FBF Rate. 
(d) 
Interest on Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Linked Interest Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a 
Partly Paid Note, in accordance with Condition 3(l)) or pays interest in respect 
of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions 
mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none 
the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Period End Date (each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date" 
for the relevant Interest Period)).  For the purposes of this Condition 3(d) 
"Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(1) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after 
the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Period End Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after 
an Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest 
being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(d)(i)(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (i)) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in 
the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (aa) such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent 
Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may 
be, shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or

--- Page 130 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
130 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Linked Interest 
Notes will be the Coupon Rate determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms which Coupon Rate may comprise one or more 
Additional Coupons determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination 
Date"), determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate 
or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the 
relevant Interest Period.  The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying 
Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Linked Interest Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Linked Interest Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Linked Interest 
Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
ISDA, FBF and Screen Rate Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will 
be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA

--- Page 131 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
131 
Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, was acting as Calculation Agent 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") 
(or, in the event that EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other 
successor benchmark rate as the financial industry shall have 
accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR), the first day 
of that Interest Period or (y) in any other case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
FBF Determination 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest will be payable on 
such dates, at such a rate (the "FBF Rate") and in such amounts, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as would have 
been payable (regardless of any event of default or termination event 
thereunder) by the Issuer if it had entered into an interest rate swap transaction 
governed by an agreement in the form of the Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments (an "FBF Agreement"), as in 
effect on the date of issue of the Notes, published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française and evidenced by a Confirmation (as defined in the FBF Agreement) 
with the holder of the relevant Note under which: 
(A) 
the Issuer was the Floating Amount Payer; 
(B) 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, was 
the Agent (as defined in the FBF Agreement) or as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the Interest Commencement Date was the Transaction Date; 
(D) 
the lowest Specified Denomination was the Notional Amount; 
(E) 
the Interest Payment Dates were the Floating Amount Payment Dates; 
and 
(F) 
all other terms were as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
When the preceding sentence applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Payment Date: 
(1) 
the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date will 
be the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period for the purposes 
of these Terms and Conditions as though determined under sub-
paragraphs 3(c)(iii) or 3(d)(iii) above, as applicable; 
(2) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the FBF Agreement) determined by the Principal Paying

--- Page 132 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
132 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the 
preceding sentence; and 
(3) 
the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, will be 
deemed to have discharged its obligations under subparagraphs 
3(c)(iii) or 3(d)(iii) above, as applicable, if it has determined the Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment 
Date in the manner provided in the preceding sentence. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(1) 
BBSW, EURIBOR, NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR or WIBOR 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – IBOR" or "Screen Rate 
Determination – BBSW" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to 
be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may 
be, for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, 
with 0.000005 
being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which 
will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, 
Sydney time, in the case of BBSW, Oslo time, in the case of 
NIBOR, Prague time, in the case of PRIBOR, Stockholm time, 
in the case of STIBOR, or Warsaw time, in the case of WIBOR) 
(the "Screen Page Reference Rate") on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
(B) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case 
of subparagraph (A)I., no offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) or, in the case of 
subparagraph (A)II., fewer than three offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information), in each 
case as at the Specified Time, except as provided in 
paragraph (C) below, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the

--- Page 133 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
133 
Reference Rate at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
relevant quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or in the 
event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the 
highest) and the lowest (or in the event that two or more 
quotations are identical, one of the lowest), plus or minus (as 
applicable) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, 
as communicated to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the inter-bank market plus or minus (as 
applicable) the Margin (if any), as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with 
offered rates, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may 
be, for the relevant Interest Period shall be the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the inter-
bank market applicable to the Reference Rate (which will be 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Sydney inter-bank market, if the Reference 
Rate is BBSW, the Oslo inter-bank market, if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR, the Prague inter-bank market, if the Reference 
Rate is PRIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR, or the Warsaw inter-bank market, 
if the Reference Rate is WIBOR) plus or minus (as applicable) 
the Margin (if any), as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.

--- Page 134 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
134 
If the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph (B), the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may 
be, shall be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page plus or minus (as applicable) the 
Margin (if any), as determined by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, except that if the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines that the absence of the quotation is 
due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate 
or the occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then 
the Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (C) below. 
(C) 
If (i) the Issuer (where the Rate of Interest or Rate is to be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the role of 
Calculation Agent or otherwise)), or (ii) otherwise, the 
Calculation Agent, determines at any time prior to any Interest 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page Reference Rate 
has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event 
has occurred, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will use, as a substitute for the Screen 
Page Reference Rate, an alternative reference rate 
determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, to be the alternative reference rate selected by the 
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
in the jurisdiction or region of the Specified Currency (each a 
"Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative 
reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant 
Notes. If the Issuer or Calculation Agent, as applicable, is 
unable to determine such an alternative reference rate (and, 
in the case of the Calculation Agent, has notified the Issuer 
thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before 
the 
Business 
Day 
prior 
to 
the 
applicable 
Interest 
Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a 
substitute 
or 
successor 
rate, 
which 
is 
substantially 
comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, is available 
for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such 
determination.  If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer 
and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, of such successor 
rate to be used by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, to determine the Rate of 
Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, has determined a substitute 
or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
(such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate"), for the

--- Page 135 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
135 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also 
determine the changes (if any) required to the 
applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of 
Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the 
Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate, 
including 
any 
adjustment needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, including, where applicable, to 
reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing 
such exposure to the Replacement Reference Rate, 
in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent 
with 
industry-accepted 
practices 
for 
such 
Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions 
will be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate, 
including 
any 
alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable, will notify the Issuer 
of the Replacement Reference Rate and the details 
described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 of the Replacement 
Reference Rate and of the details described in (i) 
above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any 
event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Business Day prior to the applicable Interest 
Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and 
the other matters referred to above by the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, 
unless the Issuer, the Reference Rate Determination Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines at a later 
date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent 
(which may or may not be the same entity as the original 
Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement 
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement 
Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this 
paragraph (C). If the Replacement Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as

--- Page 136 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
136 
applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate, 
then 
the 
Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
If (x) a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent and such agent determines 
that the Screen Page Reference Rate has been discontinued 
but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not 
been determined or (y) the Issuer determines that the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in all 
or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such 
Series of Notes being excluded from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however 
called or defined by then applicable regulations) and/or, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of Notes to be excluded from the 
own funds of the Group or reclassified as a lower quality form 
of own funds of the Group, the Issuer may decide that no 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor, 
replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be 
adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period in such case will be equal to the last Screen Page 
Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading 
bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable; (ii) the Issuer; 
(iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable; or (iv) such other entity that the Issuer in its sole 
and absolute discretion determines to be competent to carry 
out such role. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also 
constitute 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
in 
the 
determination 
of 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 5(t), the provisions of this Condition 3(e)(iii)(1)(C) 
will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of 
(and all provisions referred to in) this Condition 3(e)(iii)(1)(C), 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate 
Determination 
Agent 
(as 
applicable) 
may 
make 
all 
determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in 
respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference 
Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as 
applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
(2) 
SONIA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or 
Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with

--- Page 137 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
137 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(2)(A) or 3(e)(iii)(2)(B) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3(e)(iii)(2)(D). 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period 
will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest 
or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be 
the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(2): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(x) 
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏(1 + SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
; 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
⌊∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼×𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
⌋×
365
𝑑 ; or 
(z) 
if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(
SONIA IndexFinal
SONIA IndexInitial −1) ×
365
d , 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"d" means the number of calendar days (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in 
the relevant Interest Period, (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period or (z) if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SONIA IndexInitial is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SONIA IndexFinal is determined; 
"do" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period,

--- Page 138 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
138 
the number of London Business Days in such Interest Period, or (y) if 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of an Observation Lookback Period, the number of 
London Business Days in such Observation Lookback Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in 
the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such London Business Day i up to 
(but excluding) the following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p London 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is p London Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-
out Period; 
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of such 
London Business Day i; 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Determination 
Date for the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 139 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
139 
(z) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day i; 
"SONIA Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date by reference 
to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is 
published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA IndexFinal" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling p London 
Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end 
of such Interest Period; 
"SONIA IndexInitial" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling p London 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day 
i, SONIA i in respect of the London Business Day falling p 
London Business Days prior to such London Business Day i; 
or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day 
i, SONIA i in respect of such London Business Day i; 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate 
for such London Business Day, as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such London Business Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect 
of each calendar day during the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period divided by the number of calendar days 
during such Observation Lookback Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(y) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in 
respect of each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in

--- Page 140 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
140 
respect of any calendar day which is not a London Business 
Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
SONIA Fallbacks 
(x) 
If "Lag", "Lock out" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate 
shall be: 
I. 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at the close of business on the relevant London 
Business Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of 
SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding 
London Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined 
or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such 
guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of 
an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, shall be 
(i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to the 
application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period).

--- Page 141 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
141 
(y) 
If "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service 
by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour 
after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information 
service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA for the applicable Interest Period 
for which the SONIA Index is not available shall be "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 3(e)(iii)(2)(A) 
where (i) the "Observation Method" will be deemed to be "Shift" and 
(ii) the "Observation Lookback Period" will be deemed to be equal to p 
London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(3) 
SOFR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or 
Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(A) or 3(e)(iii)(3)(B) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(D) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period 
will be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest 
or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be 
the Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(3): 
"Bloomberg 
Screen 
SOFRRATE 
Page" 
means 
the 
Bloomberg 
screen 
designated 
"SOFRRATE" 
or 
any 
successor page or service; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each 
calendar day during the Interest Period, compounded daily, 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 142 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
142 
(a) 
if "SOFR Compound with Lookback" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi−pUSBD × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in chronological order from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
Interest Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; and 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
a 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in 
respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Lookback Period prior to 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
("pUSBD"), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the next occurring Interest Period End Date, will be 
SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such 
Interest Period; 
(b) 
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards.

--- Page 143 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
143 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Observation Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Observation Period, a 
series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in such Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period and ending on 
(but excluding) the date that is the number 
Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date in such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi; 
(c) 
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
( SOFR Index Final
SOFR Index Initial
−1) × 360
dc
 
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, two U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR 
Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve 
as such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website at the SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the 
SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related

--- Page 144 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
144 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
SOFR Index as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which the SOFR Index was published on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website; 
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date in 
such Interest Period; and 
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (or, in the 
case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York; 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the 
NY Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website 
of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page 
designated "USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service; 
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in respect of a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day that 
appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on 
the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or, if no 
such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen 
SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page 
USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured 
Overnight 
Financing 
Rate 
that 
appears 
at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
NY Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Screen Page"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear 
and the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website for the first preceding U.S.

--- Page 145 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
145 
Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the NY Federal Reserve's Website; 
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day 
during such Interest Period, as calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, provided 
that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day during the period 
from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the next occurring Interest Period End Date will be SOFR on 
the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, SOFR in respect 
of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; 
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the fourth U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest Period End 
Date in such Interest Period (or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
("SIFMA") recommends that the fixed income departments of 
its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) to (C) above, if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that 
a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(D) (SOFR Replacement Provisions) 
below will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR Transition 
Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will 
determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer 
or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) 
the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, or the Calculation 
Agent or (zz) such other entity that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be competent to carry out such role.

--- Page 146 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
146 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR 
Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent will 
determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event 
and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in 
respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that the SOFR 
Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR 
Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming 
Changes in connection with such substitution have been 
applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall 
be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant 
definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, 
the following definitions shall apply: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended, updated or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Notes of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by 
ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with 
respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve

--- Page 147 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
147 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor 
thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – 
SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as 
defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(C) above); 
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
to 
be 
determined 
by 
the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing which the Issuer, 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to the 
SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination of 
the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in accordance with: 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives Priority in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance 
with the priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate or Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject 
to the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and 
related SOFR Replacement Date; 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been 
selected 
or 
recommended 
by 
the 
Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest 
Period and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment 
(the "Relevant Governmental Body Replacement"); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "ISDA Fallback 
Replacement"); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been 
selected by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at

--- Page 148 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
148 
such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment 
(the "Industry Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable 
SOFR Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected 
or 
recommended 
by 
the 
Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA 
Spread Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative 
value 
or 
zero) 
determined 
by 
the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect 
to 
any 
SOFR 
Replacement, 
any 
technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other 
administrative 
matters) 
that 
the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no market practice for 
use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the 
definition of "SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) 
the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on 
which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark

--- Page 149 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
149 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"SOFR Transition Event" the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been 
published, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in sub-paragraphs 
(a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred 
to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date 
falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be 
deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public 
statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier 
than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time for 
such determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one 
or more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component, 
if 
relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the 
central bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a 
resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator for SOFR (or such component, if 
relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark

--- Page 150 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
150 
(or such component, if relevant) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) is no longer representative, 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use has been or will be subject to 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences, 
either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its 
administrator (or a successor administrator) for six 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(4) 
€STR 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or 
Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period, will be Compounded Daily €STR plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), as determined by Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, calculated in accordance with this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(4)(A), subject to the provisions of Condition 3(e)(iii)(4)(B). 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
euro (with the daily euro short term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
as 
applicable, 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period; 
"d0" means the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (x) if "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation

--- Page 151 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
151 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, the 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term rate (€STR) for such 
TARGET2 Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, 
as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, 
or 
any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for 
the publication of such rate (the "ECB Website") on such TARGET2 
Business Day or if the ECB Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, 
€STR for the TARGET2 Business Day falling p TARGET2 Business 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day i; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET2 Business Day in (x) if "Lag" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
number of TARGET2 Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five TARGET2 Business 
Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET2 Business Day i 
to (but excluding) the following TARGET2 Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p TARGET2 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is p TARGET2 Business 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such 
Interest Period; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day 
i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of 
any TARGET2 Business Day i falling in the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period, €STR for such day; and 
"TARGET2 Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
(B) 
€STR Fallback provisions 
(1) 
Effect of €STR Transition Event on Notes 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
failing which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the €STR 
Reference Time on any TARGET2 Business Day that a €STR 
Transition Event and the related €STR Replacement Date have

--- Page 152 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
152 
occurred, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent") which will determine the €STR Replacement. 
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading 
bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or (aa) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be competent to carry out such role.  In connection with the 
determination of the €STR Replacement: 
(1) 
the €STR Replacement will replace the then-current €STR 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the relevant Notes in 
respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates; 
(2) 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make €STR 
Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the 
relevant Notes from time to time; 
(3) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(4), including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, in each case, solely with respect to the relevant 
Notes, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
will be made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
(4) 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Condition and any other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(4) shall prevail with respect to any Notes for which the 
Rate of Interest or Rate is calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(4); 
(5) 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for 
a €STR Replacement to replace the then-current €STR 
Benchmark and apply any €STR Replacement Conforming 
Changes in respect of any subsequent €STR Transition Event; 
and 
(6) 
where a €STR Transition Event or details of it are announced 
prior to the relevant €STR Replacement Date then the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or after such 
earlier announcement date give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 of the relevant changes which 
will be made to the Notes provided that such changes will only 
take effect as of the €STR Replacement Date. 
(2) 
No €STR Transition Event has occurred and the €STR Benchmark is 
unavailable 
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant determination 
date, the €STR Benchmark is unavailable in respect of such 
determination date and a €STR Transition Event has not occurred, 
then the rate for such determination date will be the €STR Benchmark, 
where applicable, of the Corresponding Tenor, as provided by the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark and published by an alternative 
authorised distributor or by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
€STR Benchmark itself. If no such rate has been published by the Rate

--- Page 153 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
153 
Cut-Off Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no time is so 
specified, 4 p.m. (London time)), then the rate for such determination 
date will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark by 
applying one of the following rates: 
(1) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of 
the €STR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant 
Governmental Body or any other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising the €STR Benchmark or the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark, 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the €STR 
Benchmark and for so long as a €STR Transition Event has not 
occurred. If a rate described in sub-paragraph (1) is available, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no such rate is available but 
a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, the Calculation 
Agent shall apply that rate. If neither a rate described in sub-paragraph 
(1) nor a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a commercially reasonable 
alternative for the €STR Benchmark taking into account where 
available any rate implemented by central counterparties and/or 
futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or 
futures referencing the €STR Benchmark that the Calculation Agent 
considers sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
(3) 
€STR Fallback Definitions 
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these Terms 
and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply with respect to this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(4): 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as 
amended, updated or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series;  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
(including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined 
in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published 
by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a €STR Replacement means 
a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length 
(disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the 
then-current €STR Benchmark. 
"€STR Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR (as 
defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(4)(A) above) of the appropriate tenor (if 
applicable), provided that, if a €STR Transition Event and its related 
€STR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
Daily €STR, or the then-current €STR Benchmark, then "€STR 
Benchmark" means the applicable €STR Replacement. 
"€STR Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the 
€STR Benchmark means 11:00 am (Brussels time) on the TARGET2 
Business Day immediately following the date of such determination.

--- Page 154 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
154 
"€STR Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as of the €STR Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
(2) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where 
applicable for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; or 
(3) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement 
for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where applicable for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor, giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for 
the then-current €STR Benchmark for floating rate notes 
denominated in the currency of the €STR Benchmark (the 
"Relevant Benchmark Currency") calculated at such time. 
"€STR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any €STR Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions, business day convention, amendments to any other 
Condition and other administrative matters) that the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such €STR Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use 
of the €STR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
"€STR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "€STR 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such 
€STR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "€STR 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the €STR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
€STR Reference Time in respect of any determination, the €STR 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the €STR 
Reference Time for such determination.  
"€STR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the €STR Benchmark announcing that

--- Page 155 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
155 
the administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the €STR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the €STR 
Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the €STR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the €STR Benchmark, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the €STR 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the €STR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the €STR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the €STR 
Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark announcing that the €STR Benchmark is no 
longer representative, the €STR Benchmark has been or will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with 
respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with respect to the €STR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment. 
"Rate Cut-off Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the European Central Bank 
(including any board thereof) or any committee officially endorsed 
and/or convened thereby. 
(5) 
SARON 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SARON" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest or 
Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SARON 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(5)(A), subject to the provisions of Condition 
3(e)(iii)(5)(B).

--- Page 156 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
156 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(5): 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
Swiss francs (with the daily overnight interest rate of the secured 
funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
[∏
(1 +
SARONi x ni
360
)
d0
i=1
−1] x
360
d , 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the number of 
calendar days in such SARON Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the number 
of Zurich Banking Days in such SARON Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five Zurich Banking Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day i to (but 
excluding) the first following Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day: 
(a) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking 
Day published by the SARON Administrator on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page which displays the 
information) at the SARON Reference Time; 
(b) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page 
at the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
other than as a consequence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event for which a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date has 
occurred at or prior to the SARON Reference Time on such 
Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
published on the Relevant Screen Page for the first preceding 
Zurich Banking Day for which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight was published on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(c) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page 
at the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day 
as a consequence of a SARON Index Cessation Event for 
which a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred 
at or prior to the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day, the SARON Replacement determined in 
accordance with Condition 3(e)(iii)(5)(B) below ; 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any 
successor administrator);

--- Page 157 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
157 
"SARON Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p Zurich 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is p Zurich Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period; 
"SARON Reference Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day, the close of trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or 
any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected 
to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); 
"SARONi" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, SARON as 
provided by the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised 
distributors of SARON in respect of that day at the SARON Reference 
Time (or any amended publication time as specified by the SARON 
Administrator in the SARON benchmark methodology) on such Zurich 
Banking Day; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means any day (other than a Saturday and 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in Zurich. 
(B) 
SARON Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on any Zurich Banking Day that a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and the related SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine the SARON Replacement.  
If there is no Recommended SARON Replacement Rate and the SNB 
Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with respect to which SARON 
is to be determined has not been published on such Zurich Banking 
Day (the "Affected Zurich Banking Day"), then the Calculation Agent 
will appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination Agent") 
on or prior to the first Zurich Banking Day in respect of which a SARON 
Index Cessation Event and related SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred and for which the SNB Policy Rate has not been 
published. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a 
leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or (aa) such other entity that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be competent to carry out such role.  
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine whether to 
use an alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day 
and for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON 
Observation Period in which the Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the 
"Affected SARON Observation Period") and all SARON Observation 
Periods thereafter. 
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the 
case may be: 
I. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall determine: 
(A) the method for determining the SARON Replacement 
(including any alternative method for determining the SARON 
Replacement if such alternative rate is unavailable on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date), which method shall be

--- Page 158 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
158 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for the SARON 
Replacement and (B) any adjustment factor as may be 
necessary to make the SARON Replacement comparable to 
the then-current SARON Benchmark consistent with industry-
accepted practices for the SARON Replacement; 
II. 
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich 
Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and 
all SARON Observation Periods thereafter, references to 
SARON in the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be 
references to the SARON Replacement, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate and any 
adjustment factor as described in sub-clause I above; 
III. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to 
the Notes from time to time; 
IV. 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(5)(B) including any SARON Replacement 
Conforming Changes or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, in each case, 
solely with respect to the relevant Notes, will be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error and will be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner; 
V. 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Condition and any other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(5)(B) shall prevail with respect to any Notes for which 
the Rate of Interest or Rate is calculated in accordance with 
this Condition 3(e)(iii)(5); 
VI. 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for 
a SARON Replacement to replace the then-current SARON 
Benchmark and apply any SARON Replacement Conforming 
Changes in respect of any subsequent SARON Index 
Cessation Event; and 
VII. 
where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are 
announced prior to the relevant SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date then the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may on or after such earlier announcement date give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the 
relevant changes which will be made to the Notes, provided 
that, such changes will only take effect as of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date. 
As used in this Condition 3(e)(iii)(5), the following definitions shall 
apply: 
"Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread" means, with respect 
to any Recommended SARON Replacement Rate: 
I. 
the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), formula 
or methodology for calculating such a spread, that the 
Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate in the case of 
fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced the

--- Page 159 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
159 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for the 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest 
thereon; or 
II. 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a 
spread, formula or methodology as described in clause (i) 
above to be applied to such Recommended SARON 
Replacement Rate, for the purposes of determining SARON, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the spread, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate. The Calculation Agent will take 
into account industry-accepted practices for fixed income 
securities with respect to which such Recommended SARON 
Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight as the reference rate for the purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"Recommended SARON Replacement Rate" means the rate that 
has been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in Switzerland 
organised in the same or a similar manner as the National Working 
Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
the purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or 
committee, the "Recommending Body"); 
"SARON Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SARON 
(as defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(5) above), provided that, if a SARON 
Index Cessation Event and its related SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily 
SARON, or the then-current SARON Benchmark, then "SARON 
Benchmark" means the applicable SARON Replacement. 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
(a) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause (a) of the definition thereof, the date 
on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in sub clause (b)(x) of the definition thereof, 
the latest of: 
(A) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(B) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or 
publication as the date on which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight will no longer be representative; and 
(C) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-
clause (b) of the definition thereof has occurred on or 
prior to either or both dates specified in sub-clauses 
(A) and (B) of this clause (b), the date as of which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; and 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in sub clause (b)(y) of the definition thereof,

--- Page 160 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
160 
the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may 
no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, 
announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative 
or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used 
after a certain date, which statement, in the case of sub-clause 
(y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives; 
"SARON Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date: 
(a) 
the Recommended SARON Replacement Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the Recommended 
SARON Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich 
Banking Day; 
(b) 
the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy 
Rate") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any; or 
(c) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement 
for the then-current SARON Benchmark, being such industry-
accepted successor rate or, if no such rate exists, it shall 
select such rate that it has determined is most comparable to 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
"SARON Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect 
to any SARON Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including, but not limited to, timing and frequency 
of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions, business day convention, amendments to any other 
Condition and other administrative matters) that the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SARON Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use 
of the SARON Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); and

--- Page 161 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
161 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy 
Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for the purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, taking 
into account the historical median between the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending 
on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, 
if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the 
date on which the first of such events occurred). 
(6) 
TONA 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – TONA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or 
Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily TONA plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(6)(A), subject to the provisions of Condition 
3(e)(iii)(6)(B) and 3(e)(iii)(6)(C).  
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(6): 
"Compounded Daily TONA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for an investment in 
Japanese yen on each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, compounded daily (with the daily Tokyo Overnight Average 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest), calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(a) 
if "TONA Compound with Lookback" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first Tokyo Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such number is specified, 5 Tokyo Banking Days;

--- Page 162 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
162 
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in 
respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
"TONAi-pTBD" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, 
TONAi in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling p Tokyo 
Banking Days prior to such Tokyo Banking Day; 
(b) 
if "TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 
𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖×n𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
365
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such TONA Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the 
number of Tokyo Banking Days in such TONA Observation 
Period; 
"i" means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, a series 
of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the Tokyo 
Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first Tokyo Banking Day in such TONA Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Relevant 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such number is specified, 5 Relevant Business Days;  
"Relevant Business Day" means a day which is (i) a Tokyo 
Banking Day, (ii) if one or more Observation Shift Business 
Centre(s) (other than TARGET2 System) are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant Observation Shift Business Centre(s) 
and (iii) if "TARGET2 System" is specified as an Observation 
Shift Business Centre, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System is open;  
"TONA Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the 
number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date that is 
the number Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date in such Interest Period; 
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in 
respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and

--- Page 163 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
163 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; and 
"TONA" means the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in respect of a Tokyo Banking 
Day, being the Tokyo Overnight Average (TONA) rate administered by 
the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) for such Tokyo 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors) in each case as of approximately 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the 
administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate is published by the 
administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the administrator of TONA other than as a consequence of 
a TONA Index Cessation Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking 
Day will be TONA last provided or published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or as otherwise published by relevant authorised distributors) 
that appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Bank of 
Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day. 
(B) 
Correction of TONA 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently 
corrected and provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised 
distributors of TONA and published on the Relevant Screen Page no 
later than the Correction Cut-off Time (if any) or, if later (or there is no 
such Correction Cut-off Time), one hour after the rate for such Tokyo 
Banking Day is published on the Relevant Screen Page, then TONA in 
respect of such Tokyo Banking Day shall be the subsequently 
corrected and published rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Where: 
"Correction Cut-off Time" means the time specified as such by the 
administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology. 
(C) 
TONA Fallbacks 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
failing which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the TONA 
Reference Time on any Tokyo Banking Day that a TONA Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate in respect of each Tokyo 
Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be the JPY Recommended Rate.  
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo 
Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date, but 
neither the administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish 
the JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to the below, in respect of 
any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references 
to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the 
last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there 
is no last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in 
respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, 
references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published TONA.  
If:

--- Page 164 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
164 
(a) 
(there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date; or  
(b) 
there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs in 
respect of such JPY Recommended Rate,  
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after 
the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended 
Rate Fixing Day occurring on or after the JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date, as the case may be, will be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into 
account any rate implemented by central counterparties and/or futures 
exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures 
referencing TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as applicable) that 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
considers sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(iii)(6)(C): 
"JPY Recommended Rate" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking 
Day, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended 
as the replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Bank of Japan for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank of 
Japan or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator 
of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof 
(or a successor administrator), published by an authorised distributor 
in respect of such day; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day" means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day specified by the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY 
Recommended Rate in its benchmark methodology; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, 
in respect of the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the JPY 
Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been published or provided 
and is no longer published or provided;  
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means, in 
respect of the JPY Recommended Rate: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
JPY Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the

--- Page 165 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
165 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; 
"TONA Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of TONA 
and a TONA Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA 
would ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer 
published or provided;  
"TONA Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of TONA:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
TONA; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central 
bank for the currency of TONA, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of TONA, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of TONA or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of TONA, which states that the 
administrator of TONA has ceased or will cease to provide 
TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide TONA; and 
"TONA Reference Time" means, with respect to any determination of 
TONA, 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following the date of such determination. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions 
"BBSW" means the Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
(other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 
System") is open; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro or CNY, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (any such centre, an "Additional 
Business Centre" and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively), or (B) in

--- Page 166 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
166 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open or (C) in relation to any sum payable in CNY, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
CNY Settlement Centre(s); 
"Calculation Period" means each Interest Period, AER Calculation Period, FR 
Calculation Period, SPS Call Valuation Period or SPS Put Valuation Period, as 
applicable; 
"CMT Rate" means, in respect of an Initial Period or a Reset Period and the related 
Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the relevant 
CMT Rate Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption "Treasury 
constant maturities (Nominal)", as that yield is displayed, for the relevant Initial 
Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, 
on the CMT Rate Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Initial Rate Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the yield for U.S. Treasury 
Securities at "constant maturity" for the relevant CMT Rate Maturity as 
published in the H.15(519) under the caption "Treasury constant maturities 
(Nominal)" for such Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on such Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
the case may be, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate on such Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(iv) 
if fewer than three Reference Dealers selected by the Calculation Agent 
provide bid prices for the purposes of determining the Reset Reference Dealer 
Rate referred to in (iii) above as described in the definition of Reset Reference 
Dealer Rate, the CMT Rate applicable to the last preceding Reset Period or, 
in the case of (x) the Initial Period, the Initial CMT Rate or (y) the Reset Period 
commencing on the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest minus the First 
Margin; 
"CMT Rate Maturity" means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate to be used for 
the determination of the Reset Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"CMT Rate Screen Page" means page H15T5Y on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any 
successor service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the 
purpose of displaying "Treasury constant maturities" as reported in the H.15(519); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of a rate or an amount of 
interest for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, 
the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 167 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
167 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (a) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (b) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(y) 
the number of days In such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (a) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (b) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a 
Determination Date to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, 
where either the Interest Commencement Date or the Interest Period End Date 
is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such 
date); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a 
Calculation Period ending in a leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"'Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360

--- Page 168 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
168 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number is 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"'Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"'Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
"First Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360

--- Page 169 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
169 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate 
for the First Reset Period and the First Margin; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"H.15(519)" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any 
successor publication, published by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve 
System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, section, 
successor site or publication as may replace it; 
"Initial CMT Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Mid-Swap Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Initial Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date; 
"Initial Rate Determination Date" means, in respect of an Initial Period, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of (i) 
the fixed rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Initial Rate Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Reset Rate for the Initial Period and the Initial Margin; 
"Initial Reference Bond Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Initial Period or Reset Period the mean of the 
bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the 
relevant Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Initial Period 
or Reset Period, as the case may be, and commencing on the relevant Reset Date or, 
if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro, provided that in the event that EURIBOR or the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms has been discontinued, the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate shall be such other successor benchmark rate as the financial industry shall have 
accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR or the relevant specified rate, 
as applicable; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to an Initial Period or Reset Period, either:

--- Page 170 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
170 
(a) 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(x) 
with a term equal to such Initial Period or Reset Period, as the 
case may be; and 
(y) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(x) 
with a term equal to such Initial Period or Reset Period, as the 
case may be; and 
(y) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (each the "Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate"). 
(b) 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or, in the case of (a)(i) no such rate 
appears or, in the case of (a)(ii) no such bid or offered rates appear, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at the 
Relevant Time on the Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date in question. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, at least 
three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the 
relevant Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. with 
0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of the relevant quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event that two or more quotations 
are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event that two or 
more quotations are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus (as applicable) 
the Initial Margin, the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date only two 
relevant quotations are provided, the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided 
plus or minus (as applicable) the Initial Margin, the First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, only one 
relevant quotation is provided, the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the

--- Page 171 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
171 
relevant Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, will be the relevant 
quotation provided plus or minus (as applicable) the Initial Margin, First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, none of 
the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, 
shall be (i) if such Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as the case may be, is the first date on which the relevant rate of interest is to 
be determined by reference to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, (x) if Initial Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate, (y) if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (z) if Last Observable 
Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
last Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page or 
(ii) otherwise, the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate as at the last preceding Reset 
Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, in each case plus or minus 
(as applicable) the Initial Margin, First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the 
case maybe, except that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer determines that 
the absence of quotations is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page 
Mid-Swap Rate or the occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then 
the Mid-Swap Rate will be determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below; 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (including where the Calculation Agent is 
specified as the Principal Paying Agent in the applicable Final Terms) 
determines at any time prior to any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate has been 
discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent will use as a substitute for the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate, an 
alternative reference rate determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, to be the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any 
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the Specified 
Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that if two or more alternative reference 
rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative 
reference rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the 
relevant Notes. If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable 
to determine such an alternative reference rate (and, in the case of the 
Calculation Agent, has notified the Issuer thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event 
before the Business Day prior to the applicable Initial Rate Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) appoint an agent (the "Mid-
Swap Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute 
or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Mid-
Swap Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the Mid-Swap Rate on 
each Initial Rate Determination Date and/or Reset Determination Date, as the 
case may be, falling on or after the date of such determination.  If the Mid-Swap 
Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer 
and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, of such successor rate to be used by 
the Calculation Agent to determine the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be.

--- Page 172 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
172 
If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing 
(such rate, the "Replacement Mid-Swap Rate"), for the purpose of 
determining the Mid-Swap Rate on each Initial Rate Determination Date and/or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, falling on or after such 
determination: 
(i) 
the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will also determine changes (if any) to the 
Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Initial 
Rate Determination Date, the Reset Determination Date, the Day 
Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Mid-
Swap Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate comparable to the Screen Page Mid-
Swap Rate, including, where applicable, to reflect any increased costs 
of the Issuer providing such exposure to the Replacement Mid-Swap 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for such Replacement Mid-Swap Rates; 
(ii) 
references to the Mid-Swap Rate in these Conditions will be deemed 
to be references to the relevant Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
and the details described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the details 
described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any 
event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior 
to the Initial Rate Determination Date or applicable Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be. 
The determination of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Mid-Swap 
Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement 
Mid-Swap Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Mid-Swap Rate or 
does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as applicable, shall appoint or re-appoint a 
Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may 
not be the same entity as the original Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or 
the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Mid-Swap 
Replacement Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate in 
an identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the Replacement Mid-
Swap Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, then 
the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate will remain unchanged. 
If (x) a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer and such agent determines that the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate has been 
discontinued but for any reason a Replacement Mid-Swap Rate has not been 
determined, (y) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate with 
the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions necessary 
to implement such replacement would result in all or part of the aggregate outstanding

--- Page 173 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
173 
nominal amount of such Series of Notes to be excluded from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then 
applicable regulations) and/or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Notes being excluded from the own funds of 
the Group or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Group or (z) the 
Issuer determines that the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate with the Replacement 
Mid-Swap Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Reset Date 
as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
may decide that no Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any other successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
Initial Period or the relevant Reset Period, as the case may be, in such case will be (i) 
if such determination is made on or prior to the first date on which the rate of interest 
is determined by reference to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, (x) if Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate, (y) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (z) if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or (ii) otherwise, the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date. 
The Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as 
appointed by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as applicable; (ii) the Issuer; (iii) an 
affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; or (iv) such other entity that the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion determines to be competent to carry out such role.   
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to Condition 5(t), this sub-paragraph (c) in this definition of "Mid-Swap Rate" shall 
apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred 
to in) this sub-paragraph (c) in this definition of "Mid-Swap Rate", the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent (as applicable) may make 
all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as 
are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference 
Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have 
occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes; 
"NIBOR" means the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
"PRIBOR" means the Prague interbank offered rate; 
"Reference Banks" means, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market; 
"Reference Bond" means, for the relevant Initial Period or any Reset Period, as the 
case may be, the Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms or, if no Reference Bond 
is specified therein or if the relevant Reference Bond is no longer outstanding at the 
relevant time, such government security or securities issued by the government of the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity 
date comparable with the last day of the relevant Initial Period or Reset Period, as the 
case may be, and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant 
Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be;

--- Page 174 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
174 
"Reference Bond Dealer" means each of four banks (selected by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Calculation Agent), or their affiliates, which are primary 
government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issuances 
denominated in the Specified Currency; 
"Reference Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as the case may be, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Initial Rate Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, and quoted in writing to the 
Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to an Initial Rate Determination Date or 
a Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, (a) the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations or (c) if 
the Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer Quotation, the 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotation obtained or (d) if the Calculation Agent obtains no 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be that which was determined on the 
Initial Rate Determination Date or the last preceding Reset Determination Date, as the 
case may be, or, in the case of (x) the Initial Rate Determination Date, the Reset Rate 
for the Initial Period shall be the Initial Reference Bond Rate, or (y) the first Reset 
Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in respect of an Initial Period or a Reset Period, as 
the case may be, (i) if Dealer Quotations Reference Bond Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for such 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price or (ii) if Screen Page Reference Bond Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate (expressed as a percentage) for government securities 
in the Specified Currency with a term equal to such Initial Period or Reset Period, as 
the case may be, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately the 
Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In the case of (ii) above, if on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or no such rate appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, Dealer 
Quotations Reference Bond Rate shall be deemed to be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Bond Rate in 
accordance with (i) above; 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, in relation to any Reference Rate, Mid-
Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, any of the following, as determined 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, 
ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six (6) 
consecutive Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;

--- Page 175 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
175 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information (provided that, 
at the time of any such event, there is no successor administrator that will 
provide the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as 
applicable) by or on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Reference Rate, Mid-
Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or (ii) the supervisor, 
insolvency official, resolution authority, central bank or competent court having 
jurisdiction over such administrator stating that (x) the administrator has 
ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, (y) the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued, or (z) the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap 
Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, has been or will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that, if 
such public statement or publication mentions that the event or circumstance 
referred to in (x) , (y) or (z) above will occur on a date falling later than three 
(3) months after the relevant public statement or publication, the Reference 
Rate Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) 
months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public 
statement); 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as applicable), 
become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any 
other party responsible for determining the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or 
AER Reference Rate, as applicable, to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER 
Reference Rate, as applicable (including, without limitation, under BMR, if 
applicable); or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or the administrator of 
the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the use of the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, is not or will not be 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation, such that the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, is 
unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
A change in the methodology of the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference 
Rate, as applicable, shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the above, be deemed 
a Reference Rate Fallback Event. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page on the source in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such successor page or source determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Date" means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any 
Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, 
as applicable;

--- Page 176 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
176 
"Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate" means the rate specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate; 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Reference Bond Rate; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant CMT Rate; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely; 
"Reset Reference Dealer Rate" means in respect of any Initial Rate Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being a yield-to-maturity based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid 
prices for Reset U.S. Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, of leading primary U.S. government securities dealers in New York City (each, 
a "Reference Dealer"). The Calculation Agent will select five Reference Dealers to 
provide such bid prices and will eliminate the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest); provided, however, that, if fewer than five but more than two such bid 
prices are provided, then neither the highest nor the lowest of those quotations will be 
eliminated prior to calculating the arithmetic mean of such bid prices; 
"Reset U.S. Treasury Securities" means, in respect of any Initial Rate Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, U.S. Treasury Securities with an original maturity 
equal to the relevant CMT Rate Maturity, a remaining term to maturity of no more than 
one year shorter than the relevant CMT Rate Maturity and in a principal amount equal 
to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such U.S. Treasury 
Securities in the New York City market; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each 
successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the United 
States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis; and 
"WIBOR" means the Warsaw interbank offered rate.

--- Page 177 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
177 
(g) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
In the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Conditions 3(c)(ii), 3(c)(iv), 3(d)(ii) or 3(e) above, (as 
appropriate) is less than the Minimum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (such Minimum Interest Rate being zero or greater than zero), the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate.  If the applicable 
Final Terms does not specify a Minimum Interest Rate (or Minimum Interest Rate is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) for any Interest Period, the 
Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 3(c)(ii), 3(c)(iv), 3(d)(ii) or 3(e) above, 
(as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer (such notifications to occur no later than the Business Day following such 
determination), (in the case of Notes which are listed on Euronext Paris or on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such stock exchange 
so require) Euronext Paris or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as applicable and, if 
applicable, to any other stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time 
being listed. In addition, the Principal Paying Agent (except where the relevant Notes 
are unlisted and are in global form and held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU, as the case may be, in which event there may 
be substituted for such publication the delivery of such notice to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Lodging Agent, as the case may be for 
communication to the holders of the Notes) shall publish or cause to be published such 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date in accordance with 
Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of these Conditions, 
the expression "Luxembourg Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business in Luxembourg. 
(i) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions made for 
the purposes of the provisions of Conditions 3(b)-3(h), by the Principal Paying Agent 
or, if applicable, Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents, 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders, and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(j) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and 
is not paid when due, the amount due and repayable shall be the amount determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(g) at its Amortised Face Amount. As from the Maturity 
Date, any overdue principal of such Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal 
to the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest shall continue 
to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until the day on which all sums due in

--- Page 178 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
178 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such 
Note. Such interest will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 
months of 30 days each and in the case of an incomplete month the actual number of 
days elapsed in such incomplete month or on such other basis as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(k) 
Coupon Switch 
If Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Coupon Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may elect that the Rate of Interest for the Notes will be 
amended (a "Coupon Switch") from the Pre-Switch Coupon specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on and after the Coupon Switch Date; or 
(ii) 
if Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and an Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, the Rate of Interest for 
the Notes will be amended (a "Coupon Switch") from the Pre-Switch Coupon 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch Coupon specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon Switch Date immediately 
following the SPS ACS Valuation Date or SPS ACS Valuation Period, as 
applicable, on which the Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs. 
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
following the occurrence of a Coupon Switch, an Additional Switch Coupon Amount will 
be payable on the Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date.  The "Additional Switch 
Coupon Amount" in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
purposes of Condition 4 Additional Switch Coupon Amount shall be deemed to be 
interest.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional Switch Coupon Amount will only 
be paid on the single Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date.  Notice of any Coupon 
Switch will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
"Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, which such date must be an Interest Payment Date; 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Event" means that: 
(i) 
the SPS ACS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less 
than" or (d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Automatic Coupon Switch Level, (x) on a SPS ACS Valuation Date or (y) 
in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the Snowball 
Digital Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to 
or greater than the Automatic Coupon Switch Level as of a SPS ACS Valuation 
Date; or 
(iii) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Cumulative ACS Coupon is equal to or greater than 
the Automatic Coupon Switch Level as of a SPS ACS Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Switch Date" means each date specified as such or determined pursuant to 
the provisions in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 179 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
179 
"Cumulative ACS Coupon" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date, (a) the 
sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current ACS 
Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period, 
plus (b) the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current ACS Interest Period; 
"Current ACS Interest Period" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date, the 
Interest Period during which such SPS ACS Valuation Date falls; 
"SPS ACS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS ACS Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"SPS ACS Value" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date or a SPS ACS 
Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes) interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(m) 
Interest Payments 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part 
only of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless such Note is redeemed early.  If such Note is redeemed early (i) if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to 
accrue on the due date for redemption or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in 
respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to the 
due date for redemption of such Note. If the payment of principal or the payment, and/or 
delivery of the Entitlement (if applicable), is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) at the Fixed 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest or as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due and/or assets deliverable in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the holder of such Note and (ii) the day on which the Principal Paying 
Agent or any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders has 
notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or individually) of 
receipt of all sums due and/or assets deliverable in respect thereof up to that date. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, these provisions shall be subject to 
the provisions contained in Annex 7 – "Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes". 
(n) 
AER Rate Determination 
(i) 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by 
reference to a Screen Rate the AER Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the AER Screen Page (or

--- Page 180 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
180 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 
the AER Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 
11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Sydney time, in the case 
of BBSW, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Prague time, in the case of 
PRIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, or Warsaw time, in the case 
of WIBOR) (the "Screen Page AER Rate") on the relevant AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the AER Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
If the AER Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (1), 
no offered quotation appears on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) or, in the case of 
subparagraph (2), fewer than three offered quotations appear on the AER 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information), in each case as at the AER Specified Time, except as provided 
in paragraph (ii) below the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate at 
the AER Specified Time on the AER Reference Rate Determination Date in 
question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations, the AER Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
relevant quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event that two 
or more quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in the 
event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus 
(as applicable) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any AER Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the AER Rate shall be the rate per annum 
which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates per annum, as communicated to the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at the 
AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the AER Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-bank 
market plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the AER Rate shall be the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the AER Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate, at which, at the 
AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable to the AER 
Reference Rate (which will be the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the AER 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Sydney inter-bank market, if the AER

--- Page 181 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
181 
Reference Rate is BBSW, the Oslo inter-bank market, if the AER Reference 
Rate is NIBOR, the Prague inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is 
PRIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, or the Warsaw inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is 
WIBOR) plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin (if any) as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If the AER Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall determine the AER 
Rate from such source(s) as it acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner may select, except that if the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Screen Page AER Rate or the occurrence of a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event, then the AER Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (including where the Calculation Agent is 
specified as the Principal Paying Agent in the applicable Final Terms) 
determines at any time prior to any AER Reference Rate Determination Date, 
that the Screen Page AER Rate has been discontinued or a Reference Rate 
Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for 
the Screen Page AER Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to be the alternative reference 
rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, 
provided that if two or more alternative reference rates are selected by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate (and, in the case of the Calculation Agent, has notified the Issuer 
thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the 
applicable AER Reference Rate Determination Date) appoint an agent (the 
"AER Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute 
or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page AER 
Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the AER Reference Rate on 
each AER Reference Rate Determination Date falling on or after the date of 
such determination.  If the AER Rate Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry accepted successor rate, the AER Rate Determination 
Agent will notify the Issuer and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, of such 
successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the AER Rate. 
If the AER Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with 
the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement AER Reference 
Rate"), for the purpose of determining the AER Reference Rate on each AER 
Reference Rate Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(A) 
the AER Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required 
to the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business 
Day, the AER Reference Rate Determination Date, the Day Count 
Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement AER 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such 
Replacement AER Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
AER Rate, including, where applicable, to reflect any increased costs 
of the Issuer providing such exposure to the Replacement AER

--- Page 182 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
182 
Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such Replacement AER Reference Rate; 
(B) 
references to the AER Reference Rate in these Conditions will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement AER Reference 
Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (A) above; 
(C) 
the AER Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement AER Reference 
Rate and the details described in (A) above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and 
(D) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the Replacement AER Reference Rate and the details 
described in (A) above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any 
event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior 
to the applicable AER Reference Rate Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement AER Reference Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the AER Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
AER Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the 
Replacement AER Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to 
the AER Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as 
applicable, shall appoint or re-appoint an AER Rate Determination Agent, as 
the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original AER 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of 
confirming the Replacement AER Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement AER Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this 
paragraph (ii). If the replacement AER Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement AER Reference Rate, then the 
Replacement AER Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
If (x) an AER Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer and such agent determines that the Screen Page AER Rate has 
been discontinued but for any reason a Replacement AER Reference Rate has 
not been determined or (y) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the 
AER Reference Rate with the Replacement AER Reference Rate or any other 
amendment to the Conditions necessary to implement such replacement 
would result in all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such 
Series of Notes being excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then applicable 
regulations) and/or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Notes to be excluded from the own 
funds of the Group or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the 
Group, the Issuer may decide that no Replacement AER Reference Rate or 
any other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will 
be adopted and the AER Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period in 
such case will be equal to the last Screen Page AER Reference Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The AER Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer 
or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
as appointed by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as applicable; (ii) the 
Issuer; (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; or (iv) such other

--- Page 183 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
183 
entity that the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be 
competent to carry out such role. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AER Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than such Minimum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be 
such Minimum AER Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AER Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than such Maximum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be 
such Maximum AER Reference Rate. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to Condition 5(t), the provisions of this Condition 3(n)(ii) shall apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred 
to in) this Condition 3(n)(ii), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments 
and take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding that such Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
4. 
Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, references to payment or repayment (as the case may be) 
of principal and/or interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be 
deemed also to refer to delivery of any Entitlement(s). 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of 
the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account 
(as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the CMU 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant 
due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the 
"Record Date"). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a 
Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less 
than U.S.$250,000 (or integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its 
approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). 
For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" 
means (i) (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro or CNY) a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; (ii) (in 
the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro; and (iii) 
(in the case of a payment in CNY in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed 
by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the

--- Page 184 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
184 
first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where 
in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the CMU and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is 
a business day) before the Record Date at his address shown in the Register on the 
Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a 
Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed 
to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered 
Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until 
such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment 
of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Note. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
paragraph, payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than 
the final instalment) in respect of each Registered Note denominated in CNY (whether 
or not in global form) will be made solely by transfer to the Designated Account of the 
holder (or the first named of the joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the 
Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not 
such fifteenth day is a business day) before the Record Date. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a 
cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment 
or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders 
by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the definitive Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made against presentation or surrender of such Bearer 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, at any specified office of any Paying Agent. 
Payments of principal in respect of instalments (if any), other than the last instalment, 
will (subject as provided below) be made against surrender of the relevant Receipt. 
Payment of the last instalment will be made against surrender of the relevant Bearer 
Note. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of such instalment together with 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note against which the amount will be payable in respect 
of that instalment. If any definitive Bearer Notes are redeemed or become repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date in respect thereof, principal will be payable on surrender of 
each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts appertaining thereto. Unmatured 
Receipts and Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Notes to which they 
appertain do not constitute obligations of the Issuer. All payments of interest and 
principal with respect to Bearer Notes will be made only against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes, Coupons or Receipts outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)) except as otherwise provided 
in the succeeding paragraph indicated by an asterisk. No payments with respect to the

--- Page 185 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
185 
Bearer Notes will be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to 
an account maintained by the holder in the United States. 
Subject as provided below and subject also as provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
payments in respect of definitive Notes (other than Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes) 
denominated in a Specified Currency (other than euro or CNY) or, in the case of 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes, payable in a Specified Currency (other than euro 
or CNY) will (subject as provided below) be made by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder and upon 15 days' prior notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent, by transfer to an account in the Specified Currency maintained 
by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency. Payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred specified by the payee or, 
at the option of the payee, by euro-cheque. Payments in CNY will be made by credit or 
transfer to a CNY account within the CNY Settlement Centre(s) unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also contain provisions for variation of settlement 
where, for reasons beyond the control of the Issuer or any Noteholder (including, 
without limitation, unlawfulness, illegality, impossibility, force majeure, non-
transferability or the like, each a "Payment Disruption Event"), the Issuer is not able 
to make, or any Noteholder is not able to receive, as the case may be, payment on the 
due date and in the Specified Currency of any amount of principal or interest due under 
the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "CNY Payment Disruption Event" to be applicable, 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that a CNY Payment Disruption Event has occurred 
or is likely to occur and that such CNY Payment Disruption Event is material in relation 
to the Issuer's payment obligations under the Notes in respect of any forthcoming 
Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or other date on which any amount in respect of 
the Notes shall be due and payable (each such date, an "Affected Payment Date"), 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify Noteholders as soon as practicable of the 
occurrence of such CNY Payment Disruption Event in accordance with Condition 12. 
(I) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "CNY Payment Disruption Event" is applicable 
to the Notes, upon the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event: 
(i) 
Postponement 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable in 
respect of the Notes, then the Affected Payment Date shall be postponed until 
the earlier of (A) the second Business Day following the day on which such 
CNY Payment Disruption Event ceases to exist, and (B) the date falling 14 
calendar days following the original date on which the Affected Payment Date 
was scheduled to fall (the "CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") and 
notice thereof shall be given to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12. For the avoidance of doubt, no amount of interest shall be 
payable in respect of any delay in payment of any amount(s) due to the 
adjustment of any Affected Payment Date. 
In the event that, pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Affected Payment 
Date is adjusted to fall on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and the 
Calculation Agent determines that a CNY Payment Disruption Event still exists 
on such day, then the Issuer shall make payment of the Equivalent Amount of 
the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount 
payable (if applicable) on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and notice 
thereof shall be given to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12. Any such payment made by the Issuer on the CNY Payment Disruption 
Cut-off Date shall be in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such 
amount in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
186 
(ii) 
Payment of Equivalent Amount 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Payment of Equivalent Amount" to be 
applicable in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall, upon giving notice prior to 
the relevant Affected Payment Date to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12, make payment of the Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if 
applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Date. Any such payment made 
by the Issuer on an Affected Payment Date shall be in full and final settlement 
of its obligations to pay such amount in respect of the Notes. 
For these purposes: 
"CNY" means Chinese Yuan or Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic 
of China (including any lawful successor currency to the CNY). 
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the 
financial markets (including the central bank) in the People's Republic of China, Hong 
Kong and any other CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
"CNY Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(A) 
an event which makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or 
impractical for the Issuer to convert any amounts due and payable in CNY 
under the Notes into or from the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency in the 
general CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s), except where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
CNY Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, 
due to events beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation) (a 
"CNY Inconvertibility Event"). For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of the 
Issuer to convert CNY solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall 
not constitute a CNY Inconvertibility Event; 
(B) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or 
impractical for the Issuer to deliver (i) CNY between accounts inside the 
relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), or (ii) from an account inside the relevant 
CNY Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s) (including, if applicable, to another CNY Settlement Centre) and 
outside Mainland China, or (iii) from an account outside the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s) (including, if applicable, from an account inside another 
CNY Settlement Centre) and outside Mainland China to an account inside the 
relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), except where such impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, and it is 
impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation) (a "CNY Non-Transferability 
Event"). For the purposes of determining whether a CNY Non-Transferability 
Event has occurred only, a segregated CNY fiduciary cash account with the 
People's Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited 
shall be deemed to be an account inside Hong Kong; and 
(C) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or 
impractical for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of 
any amounts due and payable in CNY under the Notes (either in one 
transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when 
taken together, is no less than such amount) in the general CNY foreign

--- Page 187 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
187 
exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) in order to perform 
its obligations under the Notes (a "CNY Illiquidity Event"). For the avoidance 
of doubt, the inability of the Issuer to obtain such firm quote solely due to issues 
relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute a CNY Illiquidity Event. 
"CNY Settlement Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no CNY 
Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the CNY Settlement Centre 
shall be deemed to be Hong Kong. 
"Equivalent Amount" means, following the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption 
Event and in respect of the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such 
other amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Date or the 
relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be (for these 
purposes, the "Relevant CNY Amount"), an amount in the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner), by converting the Relevant CNY Amount into the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency using the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price 
for the relevant Affected Payment Date or the relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-
off Date, as the case may be. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of any relevant day, the spot rate of exchange 
between CNY and the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency on such day, appearing 
on the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source at the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Valuation Time on such day (expressed as a number of units (or part units) 
of CNY for which one unit of the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency can be 
exchanged), or if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer CNY/Equivalent Amount Settlement 
Currency exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent) at the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Valuation Time on such day. If less than two leading dealers provide the 
Calculation Agent with bid and offer CNY/Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Equivalent 
Amount Settlement Price acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source" means the price source specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time" means the time at which the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source publishes the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Price. 
"impossible" or "impossibility" in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event, shall 
include (but shall not be limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) would be or result in the breach of any applicable law, 
rule, or regulation. 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption 
Event and in respect of any action to be taken by the Issuer, that the Issuer (or any of 
its Affiliates) would incur a materially increased amount of taxes, duties, expenses or 
fees (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) to perform such 
action. 
(II) 
If the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant 
Currency, "FX Settlement Disruption" will apply to the Notes, and:

--- Page 188 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
188 
(i) 
If, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the 
Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and 
is subsisting, the Issuer shall give notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to the relevant 
Disrupted Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be 
postponed to (i) the second Business Day following the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that a FX Settlement Disruption 
Event is no longer subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty 
calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the 
relevant Disrupted Amount (the "FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off 
Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the 
scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted 
Amount less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the 
case of (A)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount 
in the relevant Specified Currency, the Issuer will, subject to sub-
paragraph (iii) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the 
FX Settlement Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement 
Disruption Exchange Rate for the relevant Disrupted Payment Date) 
and will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less the FX Settlement 
Disruption Expenses (if any) in the FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date. 
(iii) 
If sub-paragraph (ii)(A)(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures: 
(A) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Specified Currency/FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates provided by two or 
more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
(B) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with 
bid and offer Specified Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of 
the postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 4(a), and 
no additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date 
for payment. 
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these "FX Settlement 
Disruption" provisions shall prevent the Issuer from determining that an 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, in which case, the provisions of Index Linked Condition 4 (in the case 
of Index Linked Notes), Index Linked Condition 11 (in the case of Custom Index 
Linked Notes), Share Linked Condition 4 (in the case of Share Linked Notes), 
Inflation Linked Condition 3.7 (in the case of Inflation Linked Notes), 
Commodity Linked Condition 7 (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes),

--- Page 189 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
189 
Credit Linked Condition 2(e)  (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) or Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 6 (in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes), as the case may be, shall prevail in the event of any 
conflict. 
(vi) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount or such other amount payable (if any); 
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if 
any); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means USD; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which 
makes it unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted 
Amount in the Specified Currency on the scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange 
between the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the FX Settlement Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to 
the Notes and (ii) any transaction, settlement or other costs and expenses 
arising directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event or 
the related payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian 
Pesos ("ARS"), Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), 
Bulgarian Leva "(BGN"), Bahraini Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), 
Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), 
Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Czech Koruna ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Euro 
("EUR"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong 
Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kuna ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), 
Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), 
Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), 
Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds 
"(LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican 
Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), 
Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars 
("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine 
Pesos ("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei 
("RON"), Russian Roubles ("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor 
("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars 
("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY"), United States Dollars ("USD") and South African 
Rand ("ZAR"). 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any 
Global Note will be made in the manner specified above and otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside of the 
United States. A record of each payment made on such Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which such Global Note is presented for the 
purpose of making such payment, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that 
the payment in question has been made.

--- Page 190 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
190 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Bearer Notes denominated and 
payable in U.S. dollars will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the 
United States if (a) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount due on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due, (b) 
payment of the full amount due at all such specified offices outside the United States 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts, and (c) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Notes denominated and payable 
in CNY will be made solely by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the CNY 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
The holder of the relevant Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the payment 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in 
the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CMU as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant Global Note. No person 
other than the holder of the relevant Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer 
in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
Fixed Rate Bearer Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall include Coupons to 
be issued on exchange of Talons which will have matured on or before the relevant 
redemption date), failing which the full amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the full amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon which the sum so paid bears to the total amount due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within 
a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6(b)) for the 
payment of such sum due for payment, whether or not such Coupon has become void 
pursuant to Condition 9 or, if later, five years from the due date for payment of such 
Coupon. Upon any Fixed Rate Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Note, Index Linked Note, Share 
Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, Commodity Linked Note, Fund Linked Note, Credit 
Linked Note, ETI Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note, Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Note or Hybrid Note in definitive bearer form all unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. Where any Floating Rate Note, Index Linked 
Note, Share Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, Commodity Linked Note, Fund Linked 
Note, Credit Linked Note, ETI Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note, 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note or Hybrid Note is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in 
relation to such Note shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity of the 
Issuer. 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not 
a Payment Day, then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount 
due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other sum in respect of any such delay.  If the due date for redemption of any interest 
bearing Note in definitive form is not a due date for the payment of interest relating

--- Page 191 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
191 
thereto, interest accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the last preceding 
due date for the payment of interest (or from the Interest Commencement Date) will be 
paid against surrender of such Note. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means (subject to Condition 9): 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day in which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(iv) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open; and 
(v) 
in relation to any sum payable in CNY, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to, and including, the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
If the determination of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) due in respect of the Notes on an Interest Payment Date, Instalment Date, 
early redemption date or the Maturity Date (such date a "Scheduled Payment Date") 
is calculated by reference to the valuation of one or more Underlying Reference(s) and 
the date (or final date, as the case may be) for such valuation is postponed or delayed 
as provided in the Terms and Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms to a date 
(such date the "Delayed Date") falling after the day that is two Business Days 
preceding such Scheduled Payment Date, notwithstanding any provision to the 
contrary in the Terms and Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms, such Interest 
Payment Date, Instalment Date, early redemption date or the Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, shall be postponed to the day falling two Business Days following such 
Delayed Date and no interest or other amount shall be payable on the Notes in respect 
of such delay. 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and 
their initial specified offices are set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or to approve any change in the 
specified office of any Paying Agent, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times 
be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent, which may be the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes) with a specified office in the place required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and

--- Page 192 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
192 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental 
Europe other than the jurisdiction of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
so long as any Notes are cleared through CMU, there will at all times be 
appointed a CMU lodging agent or paying agent with a specified office in such 
place as required by the CMU. 
In addition, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 4(a) in the 
paragraph indicated by an asterisk. Any variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other 
laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment or other laws and 
regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to 
Condition 6, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
In addition, if the Notes are deemed to be Specified Securities (as defined in the Terms) 
for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any 
"dividend equivalent" payments (as defined for purposed of Section 871(m) of the 
Code) at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment 
amount, the Issuer may withhold, and the holder may be deemed to receive 30 per 
cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) 
in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts 
to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery 
(A) 
Physical Delivery 
(1) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Notes to be redeemed by delivery or (in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes) Delivery of the Entitlement(s), in order to obtain delivery 
or Delivery of the Entitlement in respect of any Note, the relevant 
Noteholder must: 
(X) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant 
Noteholder must deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent and any entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver 
or Deliver, as the case may be, the Entitlement on its behalf 
(the "Delivery Agent") not later than the close of business in 
each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(Y) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must 
deliver (i) if this Note is a Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or

--- Page 193 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
193 
(ii) if this Note is a Registered Note, to the Registrar or any 
Paying Agent, in each case, with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Delivery Agent (as defined above) not 
later than the close of business in each place of reception on 
the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect 
of a Note that is not a Credit Linked Note, the third Business Day 
immediately preceding the Maturity Date, (b) in respect of a Note that 
is not a Credit Linked Note where "SPS Accumulator AER Payout" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event has occurred, the third Business Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date 
in respect of which such Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred or (c) in respect of a Credit Linked Note, the third Business 
Day immediately preceding the Physical Settlement Date (or, if earlier, 
the tenth Business Day following the NOPS Effective Date of the 
Notice of Physical Settlement). 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal 
business hours from the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying 
Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is 
represented by a Global Note, in such manner as is acceptable to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) if 
such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If this Note is in definitive form, this Note must be delivered together 
with the duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of 
the relevant Noteholder and the person from whom the Issuer 
or Delivery Agent may obtain details for the delivery or 
Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(ii) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of 
Notes which are the subject of such notice; 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the 
nominal amount of Notes which are the subject of such notice 
and the number of the Noteholder's account at the relevant 
Clearing System to be debited with such Notes and 
irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing 
System to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such 
Notes on or before the Delivery Date (being, in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes, as defined in the Credit Linked 
Conditions); 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of 
Notes represented by a Global Note, an authority to the 
relevant Clearing System to debit a specified account of the 
Noteholder with the relevant Clearing System in respect 
thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(v) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of 
the Entitlement which may include account details and/or the 
name and address of any person(s) into whose name 
evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any

--- Page 194 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
194 
bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the 
Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered and specify the 
name and number of the Noteholder's account to be credited 
with any cash payable by the Issuer, including pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 5 (Physical Settlement), in respect of 
any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends 
relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount or Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer electing to 
pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount; 
(vi) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is 
not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a 
U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have 
been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any 
redemption thereof; 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
If Condition 4(b)(B) applies, the form of Asset Transfer Notice required 
to be delivered will be different from that set out above. Copies of such 
Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from the Registrar or any 
Paying Agent. 
(2) 
Verification of the Noteholder 
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of an 
Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Clearing System shall verify that 
the person delivering the Asset Transfer Notice is the holder of the 
Notes described therein according to its records. Subject thereto, the 
relevant Clearing System will confirm to the Principal Paying Agent the 
series number and number of Notes the subject of such notice, the 
relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the 
Entitlement of each Note. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the 
Principal Paying Agent will inform the Issuer and any Delivery Agent 
thereof. The relevant Clearing System will on or before the Delivery 
Date or (in the case of a Credit Linked Note) the Delivery Date (as 
defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), as the case may be, debit the 
securities account of the relevant Noteholder with the relevant Notes. 
(3) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, by the relevant Clearing System or, in 
the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or 
the Registrar, as the case may be, or in each case in consultation with 
the Principal Paying Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent(s), any Delivery Agent and the 
relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer 
Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which 
is not copied to the Principal Paying Agent and any Delivery Agent 
immediately after being delivered or sent as provided in paragraph (1) 
above, shall be null and void.

--- Page 195 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
195 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, the 
relevant Clearing System, or, in the case of Notes in definitive form, by 
the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, or in 
each case in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it shall be 
deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered as provided above. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by 
the relevant Clearing System, the Registrar or a Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer 
Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are 
the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, 
in the manner provided below on the date fixed for redemption (such 
date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Condition, the 
"Delivery Date") or in the case of Credit Linked Notes Delivered at the 
risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the manner provided below on the 
Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), provided 
that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered as provided above on 
or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided 
herein with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent and the Delivery 
Agent, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be 
delivered or, as the case may be, Delivered as soon as practicable 
after the date fixed for redemption (in which case, such date of delivery 
shall be the Delivery Date) or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the 
original date fixed for delivery at the risk of such Noteholder in the 
manner provided below. For the avoidance of doubt, in such 
circumstances such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, 
whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date 
falling after the date fixed for redemption or the original date fixed for 
delivery, as applicable and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall at the risk of the 
relevant Noteholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement 
for each Note or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) Deliver the 
Deliverable Obligations, obligations and/or other assets comprising 
the Entitlement, in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine and notify to the person designated 
by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or in such 
manner as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. All costs, taxes, 
duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax 
and/or other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from the 
delivery of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations, obligations 
and/or other 
assets comprising the 
Entitlement, as the case may be, in respect of such Notes shall be for 
the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery of the 
Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations, obligations 
and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, as the case may be, 
shall be made until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of 
the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(4) 
General 
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose 
of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
196 
The Entitlement or the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same 
Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the 
Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, 
in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Therefore, 
fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as 
the case may be, will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash 
adjustment calculated by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner shall be paid to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date of a Share or ETI Interest all dividends on 
the relevant Shares or ETI Interest to be delivered will be payable to 
the party that would receive such dividend according to market 
practice for a sale of the Shares or ETI Interests executed on the 
Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant 
Shares or ETI Interests. Any such dividends to be paid to a Noteholder 
will be paid to the account specified by the Noteholder in the relevant 
Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in Condition 4(b)(A)(1). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement as 
the Issuer or any person acting on behalf of the Issuer shall continue 
to be the legal owner of the securities or Deliverable Obligations, 
obligations and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement (the 
"Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar, any Delivery Agent or any other person shall at any time (i) 
be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder 
any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except 
as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in 
respect of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations, (ii) 
be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all 
rights attaching to such securities, obligations or Deliverable 
Obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a Noteholder in respect of 
any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered 
during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, 
obligations or Deliverable Obligations. 
(5) 
Settlement Disruption 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b)(A)(5) apply to Notes other than 
Credit Linked Notes. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement 
using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has 
determined is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event (as defined below) having occurred and continuing on the 
Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first 
following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such 
Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect in its 
sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note 
by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Delivery 
Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection 
with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable 
manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption 
Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by 
the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated 
Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not

--- Page 197 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
197 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of 
physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect 
of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. Payment of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred. No Noteholder shall be entitled to any 
payment in respect of the relevant Note in the event of any delay in the 
delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount", in respect of any relevant 
Note, shall be the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, 
where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non affected 
Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the 
value of such Relevant Assets) less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) 
using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(6) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b)(A)(6) apply to the Notes other 
than Credit Linked Notes. 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it 
is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the 
Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the 
Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets (a "Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity"), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions, 
any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, 
will be delivered on the originally designated date of 
redemption in accordance with this Condition 4(b); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations 
in respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant 
Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date

--- Page 198 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
198 
that notice of such election is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12. Payment of the Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 that the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(A)(6) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" 
in respect of any relevant Note shall be the fair market value of such 
Note (taking into account, the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above, the 
value of such Relevant Assets), less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(7) 
Additional Provisions for Credit Linked Notes 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, the provisions contained in Annex 
7 – "Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes" shall 
apply. 
(B) 
Variation of Settlement 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to 
vary settlement in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may in respect of 
each such Note, elect not to pay the relevant Noteholders the Final 
Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement 
to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant 
Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be 
given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(ii) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in respect of 
each Note, in lieu of delivering or procuring the delivery of the 
Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, make payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders. 
(C) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer 
may, in respect of such Notes, if the Calculation Agent determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that the Relevant Asset 
or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises shares or ETI Interests 
which are not freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Relevant Asset 
or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) of such other shares or ETI Interests which the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the 
"Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the 
delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the 
case may be, to the relevant Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment 
to the relevant Noteholder on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair 
market value of the Entitlement on the Valuation Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the 
"Alternate Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such election will

--- Page 199 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
199 
be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and in the event that 
the Issuer elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice 
shall give details of the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" share or an ETI Interest shall mean 
(i) with respect to the United States, a share or an ETI Interest, as the case 
may be, which is registered under the Securities Act or is not a restricted 
security under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer 
of such share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, and not purchased from 
an affiliate of the issuer of such share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, 
or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share or an ETI 
Interest, as the case may be, for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a 
share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, not subject to any legal 
restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(D) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent and the Agents 
shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any calculation or 
determination in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any 
Relevant Asset. 
(E) 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Commodity Linked Notes shall not be redeemed by physical delivery and the 
provisions of this Condition 4(b) shall not apply to Commodity Linked Notes. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if Physical Settlement is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or becomes applicable depending on whether 
certain conditions are met as specified in the Final Terms) (each such Note a "Physical 
Delivery Note") by delivery of the Entitlement (as provided in Condition 4(b) above) or 
(in the case of a Credit Linked Note) at the relevant amount and/or by delivery as 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions. This Note may not be redeemed other than 
in accordance with these Conditions. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
the Maturity Date and if the Maturity Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, shall be an amount equal to:

--- Page 200 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
200 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Provided that if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on 
final redemption of the Note. 
The "Entitlement" shall be a quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement 
Amount (plus any cash amount as provided herein) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of a Credit Linked Note) the relevant obligations and/or other 
assets as specified in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The provisions of this Condition 5(b) shall not apply in the case of Notes where 
Condition 6(d) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
If the Issuer would, as a result of any change in, or in the official interpretation 
or administration of, any laws or regulations of France or any other authority 
thereof or therein be required to pay additional amounts as provided in 
Condition 6 (a "Withholding Tax Event"), the Issuer may at its option at any 
time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) but subject, (x) in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, to paragraph (n) (Conditions to redemption of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), (y) in the case of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, to paragraph (r) (Conditions to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date or substitution and variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes) or, 
(z) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
paragraph (s) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior 
Preferred Notes) below, on giving not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' 
notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12) which notice shall 
be irrevocable, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption, provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable 
date upon which the Issuer could make payment without withholding for such 
taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next due date for payment of any amount in respect 
of the Notes, be prevented by French law from making such payment 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts as provided in 
Condition 6 (a "Gross-Up Event"), then the Issuer, upon prior notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent may, at any time (in the case of Notes other than 
Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) but subject, (x) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to paragraph 
(n) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), 
(y) in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to paragraph (r) (Conditions to 
redemption prior to the Maturity Date or substitution and variation of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) or, (z) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, to paragraph (s) (Conditions to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes) below, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, upon 
giving not less than 7 nor more than 45 days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
(in accordance with Condition 12), provided that the due date for redemption 
of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or, if such date is already past, as soon 
as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 201 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
201 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject (x) in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, to paragraph (n) (Conditions to redemption of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), (y) in the case of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, to paragraph (r) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date or 
substitution and variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes) or, (z) in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to paragraph (s) (Conditions to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes) below, having given not less than 
the minimum notice period nor more than the maximum notice period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Notice Period") notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding at the Optional 
Redemption Amount on any Optional Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. 
The "Optional Redemption Amount" in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Optional Redemption Valuation Date, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Call Payout, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
Provided that if the product of the Call Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note. 
Any partial redemption must be of a nominal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or a Higher Redemption Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the "Selection Date") and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount 
of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned 
nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral 
multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the 
Redeemed Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be 
permitted prior to five years from the date of issue thereof, except as described in 
Condition 5(n) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Noteholder Put) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption of the Notes at the option of the 
Noteholder is permitted. If Noteholder Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and provided that this Note is not a Subordinated Note, upon a Noteholder giving to 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum notice period nor 
more than the maximum notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Notice Period") notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem,

--- Page 202 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
202 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in whole (but not in part), such Note at the Optional Redemption Amount on the 
Optional Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
The "Optional Redemption Amount" in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Optional Redemption Valuation Date, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Put Payout, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
Provided that if the product of the Put Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note. 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CMU, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the 
relevant Noteholder must deliver at the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Registrar 
or Paying Agent falling within the Notice Period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
the Registrar or any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the Noteholder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition, accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Registrar or the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement. If this Note is represented by a Global Note 
or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
CMU, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the relevant Noteholder 
must, within the Notice Period, give notice to the Registrar or Paying Agent or the CMU 
Lodging Agent concerned of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU (which may include notice 
being given on such Noteholder's instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or the CMU Lodging Agent or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for them to the Registrar or Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU from time to time 
and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure 
the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a Noteholder pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable 
except, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where one or more of the Events of 
Default are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where prior to the due 
date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which 
event such Noteholder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due 
and payable pursuant to Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
(e) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined below), the Issuer may (at its option 
but subject to paragraph (n) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) below) at any time subject to having given no less than thirty (30) nor 
more than forty five (45) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Subordinated 
Notes in whole, but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount, together with all 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 
2014, as amended from time to time or such other directive as may come in effect in

--- Page 203 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
203 
the place thereof (including by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and 
Directive 98/26/EC). 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a change in 
the Relevant Rules becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, which change was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes will be excluded from the own funds of the Group 
or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Group. 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended from time to time or such 
other directive as may come into effect in place thereof (including by Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures). 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing 
the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, 
but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) 
adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations 
and guidelines issued by the Relevant Regulator, which are applicable to the Issuer 
and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer. 
"CRD IV Rules" means any or any combination of the CRD IV, the CRR and any CRD 
IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRR" means the Regulation 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, 
as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as 
amended from time to time or such other directive as may come into effect in place 
thereof (including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, and Regulation (EU) 2020/873 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations 
(EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to 
the COVID-19 pandemic). 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or 
replacement thereto, or other authority (including, but not limited to any resolution 
authority) having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of 
the Issuer or the application of the Relevant Rules to the Issuer and the Group. 
"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies of the Relevant Regulator relating to capital adequacy applicable to the 
Issuer from time to time including, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable rules 
contained in, or implementing the CRD IV Rules and/or the BBRD. 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it (or, if no longer used, any equivalent or 
successor term) in the Relevant Rules.

--- Page 204 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
204 
(f) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction 
Event 
If by reason of any change in the French laws or regulations, or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, the tax 
regime applicable to any interest payment under the Subordinated Notes is modified 
and such modification results in the amount of the interest payable by the Issuer under 
the Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer for French corporate 
income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes being reduced (a "Tax 
Deduction Event"), the Issuer may, subject to paragraph (n) (Conditions to redemption 
of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date) below, at its option, at any time, subject 
to having given no less than thirty (30) nor more than forty five (45) calendar days' 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders and the Couponholders (in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)) redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant 
Series of Subordinated Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make such payment with interest payable 
being tax deductible for French corporate income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des 
sociétés) purposes to the same extent as it was on the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes. 
(g) 
Early Redemption 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), paragraph (e) 
(Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), 
paragraph (f) (Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Tax Deduction Event), paragraph (q) (Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or a MREL/TLAC 
Criteria Event), paragraph (t) (Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) and Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) and any circumstances 
where the Notes are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) (each an "Early Redemption Event"), each 
Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") calculated as 
follows and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if applicable, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable: 
(i) 
if "Final Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
if "Calculation Amount Percentage" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Calculation Amount Percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if "Market Value less Costs" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the 
fair market value of such Note less associated costs; or 
(iv) 
if "Max of Calculation Amount Percentage and Market Value less Costs" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the greater of the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Calculation Amount Percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the fair market value of such Note less associated 
costs; or 
(v) 
if "Max of Amortised Face Amount and Market Value less Costs" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at the greater of (i) the fair market value of such 
Note less associated costs and (ii) the Amortised Face Amount (as defined 
below), in each case, multiplied by the Early Redemption Percentage specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 205 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
205 
(vi) 
if "Amortised Face Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(X) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(Y) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full 
year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Each of (i) to (vi) above, a "Calculation Method". 
The applicable Final Terms may specify different Calculation Methods for 
different Early Redemption Events. Unless specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the same Calculation Method shall apply in respect of all Early 
Redemption Events. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if "Article 45b2(b) BRRD" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount specified with 
respect to Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is the amount to 
be taken into account for the purposes of Article 45b2(b) of the BRRD. This 
amount is fixed or increasing and does not exceed the initially paid-up amount 
of the liability. 
In addition, in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iv) above, the applicable 
Final Terms may specify different percentages for different periods during the 
life of the Notes, in which case the relevant periods will also be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchases 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time, 
purchase Senior Preferred Notes (together with (in the case of definitive Bearer Notes 
of this Series) all unmatured Receipts or Coupons appertaining thereto) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. If "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such purchase is subject to 
paragraph (s) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Preferred 
Notes) below. 
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, subject 
to paragraph (r) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date or substitution and 
variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes) below, at any time purchase Senior Non 
Preferred Notes (together with (in the case of definitive Bearer Notes of this Series) all 
unmatured Receipts or Coupons appertaining thereto) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, subject to 
paragraph (n) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date) 
below, purchase Subordinated Notes (together with (in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes of this Series) all unmatured Receipts or Coupons appertaining thereto) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at 
all times to purchase Subordinated Notes for market making purposes provided that: 
(a) the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as required by the Relevant Rules, 
shall be obtained; and (b) the total principal amount of the Subordinated Notes so 
purchased does not exceed the lower of (i) ten (10) per cent. of the initial aggregate

--- Page 206 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
206 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes and any further notes 
issued under Condition 11 (Further Issues) and (ii) three (3) per cent. of the Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
The Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations or cancelled. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by the Issuer to be cancelled will forthwith 
be cancelled (together, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts presented therewith) and accordingly may not be re-issued or 
resold. 
(j) 
Instalments 
(i) 
Each Note which is redeemable in instalments will be redeemed in the 
Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable in 
instalments and that Instalment Adjustment is applicable, each Note will be 
redeemed (i) in part by payment of the relevant Instalment Amount on each 
Instalment Date and (ii) with final redemption being made pursuant to Condition 
5(a) (Final Redemption). The Instalment Amount in respect of an Instalment 
Date will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product 
of the Calculation Amount immediately prior to such Instalment Date and the 
relevant Instalment Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such Instalment Date. Following an Instalment Date, the Calculation 
Amount in respect of each Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment 
Amount and all calculations and determinations in respect of the Notes shall 
be made on the basis of the Calculation Amount as so reduced (or in the case 
of calculations and determinations made in respect of all of the Notes, the 
aggregate of the Calculation Amount as so reduced). 
(iii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable in 
Instalments and that OCA Instalment Adjustment is applicable, each Note will 
be redeemed (i) in part by payment of the relevant Instalment Amount on each 
Instalment Date and (ii) with final redemption being made pursuant to Condition 
5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – Final Redemption). The Instalment Amount 
in respect of an Instalment Date will be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the product of the original Calculation Amount as of the Issue 
Date and the relevant Instalment Percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such Instalment Date. Following each Instalment Date, the 
Calculation Amount shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount and, 
save for the calculation of the Instalment Amount, all calculations and 
determinations in respect of the Notes shall be made on the basis of the 
Calculation Amount as so reduced. 
(iv) 
All instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in 
the case of a definitive Bearer Note, the relevant Receipt (which must be 
presented with the Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of a definitive 
Registered Note, the relevant Note and issue of a new Note in the nominal 
amount remaining outstanding, all as more fully described in Condition 4. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (b), (c) or (d) above is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be 
the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (g)(vi) as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:

--- Page 207 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
207 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(2) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(l) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5 as amended or varied by the 
information specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(m) 
Payout Switch 
If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout 
Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
elect that or (ii) if Automatic Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and an Automatic Payout Switch Event occurs, the Redemption/Payment 
Basis for the 
Notes 
will be amended (a "Payout 
Switch") from the 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the Final Terms to the Switched Payout 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Notice of any Payout Switch will be given to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12. 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" means that: 
(i) 
the SPS APS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less 
than" or (d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Automatic Payout Switch Level, (x) on a SPS APS Valuation Date or (y) in 
respect of a SPS APS Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and Target Switch Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball 
Digital Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to 
or greater than the Automatic Payout Switch Level as of a SPS APS Valuation 
Date; 
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS APS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS APS Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"SPS APS Value" means, in respect of a SPS APS Valuation Date or a SPS APS 
Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(n) 
Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
According to Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, the Subordinated Notes may only be 
redeemed or purchased (as applicable) pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons-Withholding Tax Event), paragraph (b)(ii) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons-Gross-up Event), paragraph (c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)), paragraph (e) (Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event), paragraph (f) (Optional Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event) or paragraph (h) (Purchases) 
(subject to the provisions set out in the second paragraph of the section relating to 
Subordinated Notes of paragraph (h)), as the case may be, if (to the extent required by

--- Page 208 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
208 
any applicable law, rule or regulation) the Relevant Regulator has given its prior 
permission, as required by the Relevant Rules, to such redemption or purchase (as 
applicable) and the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
on or before such purchase or redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with capital instruments of an equal or 
higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the Issuer's income capacity; 
or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that 
its Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital would, following such purchase or 
redemption, exceed the capital ratios required under the CRD IV Rules by a 
margin that the Relevant Regulator may consider necessary on the basis set 
out in the CRD IV Rules for it to determine the appropriate level of capital of an 
institution. 
In the case of redemption of the Subordinated Notes before five years after the 
date of issuance of the relevant Series of Notes if: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (a) or (b) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) 
the Relevant Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax 
Event, a Tax Deduction Event or a Gross-up Event, the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such 
Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or Gross-up Event is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, and 
the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by one of its senior officers 
to the Principal Paying Agent (and copies thereof will be available at 
the Principal Paying Agent's specified office during its normal business 
hours) not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date set for 
redemption that such Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or 
Gross-up Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) 
days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
"Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to it (or, if no longer used, any equivalent or 
successor term) in the Relevant Rules. 
(o) 
Substitution and Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
Subject to having given no less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices)), if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, 
the Issuer may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the relevant 
Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Notes. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant 
Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 5(q) (Optional 
Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event or a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event) below. 
Any such notice shall specify the details of such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, including the date on which such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
shall take effect and details of where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of

--- Page 209 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
209 
the new or amended terms and conditions of the Qualifying Notes. Such substitution 
or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of this Condition 
"MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as 
a result of a change in French and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, 
which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then 
applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such requirements, provided that 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series of Notes is 
excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Notes is less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities 
permitted or allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in France. 
"Qualifying Notes" means at any time, any securities issued or guaranteed by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the MREL/TLAC Requirements of the Issuer and/or the 
Group to at least the same extent as the Senior Non Preferred Notes prior to 
the relevant MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event; 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the relevant Series 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 5(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes); 
(iii) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination, original and 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount as the relevant Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this 
Condition 5(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes); 
(iv) 
rank at least pari passu with the relevant Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 5(o) 
(Substitution and Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes); 
(v) 
following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 5(o) 
(Substitution and Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes), shall not be subject 
to a Withholding Tax Event or a Gross-Up Event; 
(vi) 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the relevant Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect to the Principal Paying Agent (and copies thereof will 
be available at the Principal Paying Agent's specified office during its normal 
business hours) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to (x) in the case of 
a substitution of the Senior Non Preferred Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(o) 
(Substitution and Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes), the issue date of 
the first tranche of the relevant new series of securities or (y) in the case of a 
variation of the Senior Non Preferred Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(o) 
(Substitution and Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes), the date such 
variation becomes effective; and

--- Page 210 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
210 
(vii) 
(A) are listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market, if the relevant Series 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, or (B) are 
listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, 
without limitation, a regulated market), if the relevant Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock 
exchange other than a regulated market immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation. 
(p) 
Variation of ranking following a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event 
If MREL/TLAC Criteria Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event has occurred and is continuing in respect of a Series 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to (i) vary 
the ranking of such Notes to Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) substitute all (but not some 
only) of such Notes for Senior Preferred Notes on substantially similar terms to those 
of the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes (and not otherwise materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders), except for the ranking of such Notes. Alternatively, the 
Issuer may, at its option redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 5(q) (Optional Redemption of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or 
a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event) below. 
Following such determination, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
relevant Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)), specifying the details 
of such variation or substitution, as the case may be, including the date on which such 
variation or substitution, as the case may be, shall take effect and details of where the 
Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new or amended terms and conditions 
of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge 
to the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(p) (Variation of ranking following a MREL/TLAC 
Criteria Event), "MREL/TLAC Criteria Event" means in respect of a Series of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes (i) such Notes do not comply with the criteria applicable to eligible 
liabilities and are excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements according to the Relevant Rules as a consequence or (ii) such Notes 
are deemed to fall outside the category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3-I-
4°. of the French Code monétaire et financier, provided that, a MREL/TLAC Criteria 
Event shall not occur where such Series of Notes is excluded on the basis (1) that the 
remaining maturity of the relevant Notes is less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of any 
applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
(q) 
Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event (each as defined 
above), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(r) (Conditions to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date or substitution and variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes), at any time, 
subject to having given no less than seven (7) nor more than forty five (45) calendar 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), redeem all but not some only of the Notes then outstanding, at 
the Early Redemption Amount on the date specified in the notice of redemption, 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(r) 
Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date or substitution and variation of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes

--- Page 211 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
211 
Any purchase pursuant to Condition 5(h) (Purchases) and any redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
Condition 5(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call), Condition 5(q) 
(Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event), substitution or 
variation of a Senior Non Preferred Note pursuant to Condition 5(o) (Substitution and 
Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes) or substitution or variation of the ranking of a 
Senior Non Preferred Note following a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event pursuant to 
Condition 5(p) (Variation of ranking following a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event) is subject 
to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator to the extent required by any 
applicable law, rule or regulation. 
(s) 
Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes 
If "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any purchase pursuant to Condition 5(h) (Purchases) and any 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes prior to the Maturity Date or pursuant to 
Condition 5(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 5(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) and Condition 5(t) (Redemption/Adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator to the extent required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
(t) 
Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If "Administrator/Benchmark Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at 
its option): 
(i) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the Conditions of the Notes as it may determine appropriate to account for the 
relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may 
(a) consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates, 
(b) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant 
event or circumstance in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of 
the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making 
related adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes including where applicable 
to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the 
successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the 
successor benchmarks; or  
(ii) 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, having given not less than 10 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (g) above together (if applicable) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and payable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other 
terms of the Notes.  In the event that under any such terms (i) any other consequences 
could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event or (ii) any such terms contradict the terms in this 
Condition 5(t), the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(t): 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(x) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur;

--- Page 212 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
212 
(y) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not 
been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or 
(z) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark 
in connection with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or any other entity is 
required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not 
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence); 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined 
in BMR where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the 
Notes, is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to such figure, value, level or 
rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark 
any of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as 
amended from time to time. 
6. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: Subject to Condition 6(d) all payments of principal, interest and 
other revenues by or on behalf of BNPP in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: Other than in relation to payments of principal in respect of the 
Notes, in the event that any amounts are required to be deducted or withheld for, or on 
behalf of, any Tax Jurisdiction, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other Connection: presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Noteholder or, 
if applicable, a Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, who is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect 
of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; 
or

--- Page 213 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
213 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on 
the thirtieth such day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 4(a)). 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of materialised Notes 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, redemption and/or settlement amounts payable under the Credit Linked 
Conditions, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised 
Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or 
any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer in 
respect of payments of principal in relation to the Notes. 
(c) 
Certification of Non-Residency in France: Each Noteholder shall be responsible for 
supplying certification of non-French residency (a form of which shall be available at 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents or in such other form as may be 
required by the French tax authorities from time to time) in accordance with the relevant 
French tax provisions. 
(d) 
No Gross-Up: If Condition 6(d) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding 
or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation 
and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the 
Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may 
be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Tax Jurisdiction means France or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
(e) 
PRC Tax: If PRC Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall withhold or deduct from any amounts payable or from assets deliverable to a 
holder of Notes such Notes’ pro rata share of any applicable PRC Tax not previously 
deducted from amounts to be paid or assets to be delivered to the Noteholders, as the 
Calculation Agent shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determine, are attributable to the Notes.  
Where: 
"PRC Tax" means either:  
(i) 
such amount of taxes, duties and/or other expenses deducted or withheld at 
source by or on behalf of any government or other taxing authority in the 
People’s Republic of China (the "PRC Tax Authority") in respect of the Notes 
and notified from time to time to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12; or, if none

--- Page 214 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
214 
(ii) 
the PRC Tax Rate incurred by, imposed on or assessed to, the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates in connection with the Notes or the hedging arrangements of the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates in relation to the Notes, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; and 
"PRC Tax Rate" means any retrospective, present or future tax, levy, duty, 
assessment, penalty, late payment surcharge or other charge of any nature (including, 
but not limited to capital gain, corporate income tax, business tax, dividend tax, interest 
tax, value added tax, stamp duty, payable or in connection therewith) imposed, levied 
or withheld, directly or indirectly, by a PRC Tax Authority. 
 
7. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date 
specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in 
the denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note and 
Receipt equal to the principal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified 
Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the 
Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent, that the 
then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of Notes presented 
(or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for 
payment by the relevant Noteholder and the amount of such payment shall be 
rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, 
they shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 
1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining 
amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Principal 
Paying Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the 
Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons 
denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) 
will become void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the 
"Exchange Notice") that replacement euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such securities are so 
available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute 
valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and

--- Page 215 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
215 
Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the 
Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days 
prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of 
periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in 
euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro. 
Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after 
the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other 
than on a Fixed Interest Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention; 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may 
decide, after consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, and as may be 
specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then applicable to 
instruments denominated in euro. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable 
European Union regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, 
in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to 
paragraph 7(a) above and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
8. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Events of Default 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes where one or more of the Events of Default (as 
defined below) are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Noteholder 
may give written notice to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent that the Note is, 
and it shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together, if applicable, with interest accrued to the date of 
repayment, in any of the following events ("Events of Default"): 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable in respect of such Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes or any of them when due and payable and such default is not 
remedied within 30 days after the relevant due date; or

--- Page 216 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
216 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under of such 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and such default is not remedied within 45 
days after notice of such default has been given to the Principal Paying Agent 
by any Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
BNPP ceases its payments, or a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of BNPP or for a transfer of the whole of its business 
(cession totale de l'entreprise), or the Issuer is subject to similar proceedings, 
or, in the absence of legal proceedings, the Issuer makes a conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into 
a composition with its creditors, or a resolution is passed by the Issuer for its 
winding-up or dissolution, except in connection with a merger or other 
reorganisation in which all of the Issuer's assets are transferred to, and all of 
the Issuer's debts and liabilities (including the Notes) are assumed by, another 
entity which continues the Issuer's activities. 
(b) 
Enforcement 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes (unless, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, the applicable Final Terms 
specifies that one or more of the Events of Default are applicable), then the Events of 
Default listed in Condition 8(a) above shall not apply to such Notes. 
However, in each case a Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent, cause such Notes to become due and payable, together with accrued interest 
thereon, if any, as of the date on which such notice is received by the Principal Paying 
Agent, in the event that an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of 
ten (10) years from the due date thereof and claims for payment of interest (if any) in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of five (5) years, from the due date thereof. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 
4 above. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Note (including any Global Note), Receipt, Coupon or Talon is mutilated, defaced, stolen, 
destroyed or lost it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, upon payment by the claimant of the costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. Cancellation and replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be 
subject to compliance with such procedures as may be required under any applicable law and 
subject to any applicable stock exchange requirements. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time (subject, for Subordinated Notes, to the prior 
information of the Relevant Regulator) without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as 
the Notes or the same in all respects save for the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the amount and 
date of the first interest payment thereon (if any) and/or the date from which interest starts to 
accrue (if any), such further notes being consolidated with and forming a single series with the 
Notes. For the purposes of French law, such further notes shall be assimilated (assimilables) 
to the Notes as regards their financial service provided that the terms of such further notes 
provide for such assimilation. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be valid if mailed to their registered addresses.

--- Page 217 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
217 
All notices regarding Notes, both Bearer and Registered, will be valid (i) if published once in a 
leading English language daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times) or in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) (in the case of Notes 
denominated in CNY), and (ii) so long as the Notes of this Series are listed and admitted to 
trading (A) on Euronext Paris, if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in France (which is expected to be La Tribune or Les Échos) or (B) on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and so long as the rules of that exchange so require, if published 
in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu), or (C) and if they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 
of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers and (iii) so long as such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, if published in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such 
Notes is/are listed and admitted to trading. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
date of the first such publication. Receiptholders and Couponholders will be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders of this Series in 
accordance with this Condition. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as all the Global Note(s) 
for this Series (whether listed or not) is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted, in relation only to such Series, for such 
publication as aforesaid in this Condition 12, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders except that if the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange so require, the 
relevant notice will in any event be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Noteholders on the second day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by a Noteholder to the Principal Paying 
Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for 
this purpose. 
All notices given to Noteholders (irrespective of how given) shall also be delivered in writing to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in the case of listed Notes, to the relevant stock 
exchange. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, for so long as the Notes are represented by 
a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of CMU, notices to the Noteholders may 
be given by delivery of relevant notice to the CMU Lodging Agent for communication to the 
CMU participants or to the persons shown in a CMU Instrument Position Report issued by the 
CMU on the Business Day preceding the date of dispatch of such notice as holding interests in 
the Global Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on 
the second Business Day after such notice has been sent. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less 
than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at

--- Page 218 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
218 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any such adjourned meeting not 
less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three fourths 
of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the clearing systems 
(in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than three fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall, in each 
case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. In addition, in the case of 
an issue of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes, or, in respect of a Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any proposed modification of any provision of the Notes (including in 
respect of Subordinated Notes, a modification of the provisions as to subordination referred to 
in Condition 2(b)) can only be effected subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, 
as required by the Relevant Rules. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether 
or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.  
Extraordinary Resolutions may also be passed in writing if signed by holders of not less than 
90 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders subject to (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, where "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) any prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, to the extent 
required by any applicable law, rule or regulation; or 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision or 
is made to cure, correct or supplement a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt this Condition 13 is subject to Condition 5(b) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), Condition 5(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non Preferred Notes), 
Condition 5(p) (Variation of ranking following a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event), and Condition 5(q) 
(Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event 
or 
a 
MREL/TLAC 
Criteria 
Event) 
and 
Condition 
5(t) 
(Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event). 
14. 
Agents and Registrar 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each of the Issuer 
do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust to or with the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the Issuer to 
the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, to repay Notes and pay interest thereon) 
funds received by the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on 
the Notes shall be held by it in trust for the Noteholders and/or Receiptholders or 
Couponholders until the expiration of the relevant period of prescription under Condition 9. The 
Issuer will agree to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency

--- Page 219 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
219 
Agreement. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Paying 
Agents and for relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, and entitles any of them to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable 
to account to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit. 
15. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Notes shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
16. 
Governing Law and submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Condition 2(a) 
and Condition 2(b), to the extent applicable, which are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with French law), the Receipts and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except as aforesaid), the Receipts and the Coupons 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle all disputes which may, 
directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) (a "Dispute") 
and the Issuer submits and each Noteholder (by its acquisition of a Note) is deemed to 
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  For the purposes of this 
Condition, the Issuer waives and each Noteholder (by its acquisition of a Note) is 
deemed to waive any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints BNP Paribas, London branch, currently of 10 Harewood Avenue, 
London NW1 6AA (Attention: the Loan Administration Department) as its agent for 
service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of BNP Paribas, London branch 
ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any proceedings and shall 
immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above. 
(e) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION 16(b), THE ISSUER WAIVES ANY RIGHT 
IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES, THE RECEIPTS AND THE COUPONS. THESE 
CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
17. 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 17, includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees:

--- Page 220 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
220 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
(as defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), 
which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: 
(1) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined 
below); 
(2) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(3) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(4) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date 
on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to 
give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (each as defined below). 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are the amounts payable on, or the 
Entitlement deliverable in respect of each Note that has not been previously cancelled 
or is otherwise no longer due. 
(b) 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
For these purposes, the "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is: 
(i) 
any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (as amended from time to time, the "BRRD"), including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 
August 2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la 
législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended 
from time to time) ratified by the Law No. 2016-1691 of 9 December 2016 
relating to transparency, the fight against corruption and the modernisation of 
economic life (Loi no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la 
transparence, à la lute contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie 
éconimique) (as amended from time to time, this ordinance was ratified by the 
Law No. 2016-1691); 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019, the "Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation"); or 
(iii) 
otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules 
and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in 
part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise 
modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such

--- Page 221 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
221 
Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in 
connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in 
resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article 
L.613-34 of the French Code monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies 
established in France. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power from 
time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European 
Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation). 
(c) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid 
after the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, 
respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be 
permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
(d) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, 
the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another 
person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a 
contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to any remedies (including equitable 
remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
(e) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise 
of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent for information purposes, although the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or 
failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the Notes described in Condition 
17(a) and 17(b) above. 
(f) 
Duties of the Principal Paying Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, the Issuer and each Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to 
take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no 
duties upon the Principal Paying Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the 
exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for 
example, if the exercise of the Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the 
principal of the Notes), then the Principal Paying Agent's duties under the Agency

--- Page 222 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
222 
Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following such completion 
to the extent that the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Prorating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is 
otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 17 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters 
to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between 
the Issuer and any holder of a Note.

--- Page 223 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
223 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title ............................................................................................ 224 
2. 
Status of the Notes............................................................................................................. 226 
3. 
Interest and AER Rate ....................................................................................................... 228 
4. 
Payments and Physical Delivery ........................................................................................ 281 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase ................................................................................................ 289 
6. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................. 299 
7. 
Redenomination ................................................................................................................. 300 
8. 
Events of Default and Enforcement ................................................................................... 302 
9. 
Prescription ........................................................................................................................ 302 
10. 
Further Issues .................................................................................................................... 302 
11. 
Notices ............................................................................................................................... 302 
12. 
Meeting and voting provisions ........................................................................................... 303 
13. 
Agents ................................................................................................................................ 310 
14. 
Governing Law and submission to jurisdiction ................................................................... 310 
15. 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption ....................................................................... 311 
 
The following are the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes (the "Notes") to be issued by 
BNP Paribas (the "Issuer") which will include the additional terms and conditions for payouts for Notes 
contained in Annex 1, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 2 in the case of Index 
Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked 
Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 4 in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, 
the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 in the case of Fund Linked Notes, the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 8 in the case of ETI Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions in 
Annex 9 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes and the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 10 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes which are subject 
to completion in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of a 
specific issue of Notes. 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of a French law agency agreement (the "French Law Agency 
Agreement", which expression includes the same as it may be updated or supplemented from time to 
time) dated on or around 1 July 2022 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services 
(which, from and including the Merger Date (as defined below), will be substituted with BNP Paribas 
Succursale de Luxembourg) as principal paying agent, and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
calculation agent (the "Principal Paying Agent" which expression shall include any successor as 
principal paying agent), BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. if specified in the Final Terms as calculation 
agent (together with BNP Paribas Securities Services (which, from and including the Merger Date, will 
be substituted with BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg) each a "Calculation Agent" which 
expression shall include any other calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents" 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
BNPP and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup reorganisation 
pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas Securities Services 
SCA, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which is 
governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (the 
"Intragroup Merger"). The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or such other date as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (the "Merger Date"). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") 
and, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Note"), may specify other terms

--- Page 224 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
224 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References to the "applicable Final 
Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
"Series" means each original issue of Notes together with any further issues which (a) are expressed 
to be consolidated and form a single series with the original issue and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the Issue Date, Issue 
Price, the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon (if any) and/or the date from which 
interest (if any) starts to accrue and the expressions "Notes of the relevant Series" and "Noteholders 
of the relevant Series" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Copies of the French Law Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms are (i) available from the 
principal office of the Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents set out at the end of these Terms 
and Conditions or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to 
the Principal Paying Agent, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar and provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent). 
Any reference herein to Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Note is a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
This Note is, to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Fixed Rate Note, a 
Resettable Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note and/or a Note with interest linked 
to one or more, or a combination of, underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) (each an 
"Underlying Reference(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms ("Linked Interest Notes") 
such as an Index Linked Interest Note, a Share Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked Interest 
Note, a Commodity Linked Interest Note, a Fund Linked Interest Note, an ETI Linked Interest 
Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Interest Linked Note, an Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Note or (in the case of a combination of underlying reference assets or bases) a Hybrid 
Interest Note or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, any other type of Note depending 
on the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.  This Note may be an Index Linked 
Redemption Note, a Share Linked Redemption Note, an Inflation Linked Redemption Note, a 
Commodity Linked Redemption Note, a Fund Linked Redemption Note, a Credit Linked Note, 
an ETI Linked Redemption Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Note, an 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Redemption Note, a Note with redemption linked to any 
combination of underlying reference assets or bases (a "Hybrid Redemption Note" and 
together with a Hybrid Interest Note, "Hybrid Notes"), an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note 
or any combination thereof or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, any other type of 
Note depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are Hybrid Interest Notes and/or Hybrid Redemption Notes and Hybrid Notes is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions of the Notes will 
be construed on the basis that in respect of each separate type of Underlying Reference, the 
relevant terms applicable to each such separate type of Underlying Reference will apply, as the 
context admits, separately and independently in respect of the relevant type of Underlying 
Reference, except as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  "Hybrid Business Day" has the 
meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in (x) bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting 
as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as 
defined below), in (y) registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, in such case, at

--- Page 225 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
225 
the option of the relevant Noteholder, in administered registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear 
France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders or in (z) fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Euroclear France Account Holder" means any 
authorised intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L. 213-5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
To the extent permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the 
central despositary indentification information of Noteholders of French Law Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of 
birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such 
Noteholders. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)"). The Notes shall be issued in one 
Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of 
the Notes. Title to Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear 
France Account Holders. Title to Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration 
of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
of any Note (as defined below) shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes or holder of any Note or Noteholder means the 
person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled 
to such Notes. 
(d) 
Conversion and exchanges of Notes 
(i) 
Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be converted into 
Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such 
option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost 
of such Noteholder.

--- Page 226 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
226 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status (Senior Notes) 
Senior Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
If the Notes are "Senior Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Preferred 
Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all 
times rank: 
(X) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Obligations; 
(Y) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(Z) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
amiable ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other 
similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the 
Senior Preferred Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions; 
and 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
(ii) 
If the Notes are "Senior Non Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all 
times rank: 
(X) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations; 
(Y) 
senior to Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations 
and any other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations; and 
(Z) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred exceptions 
including Senior Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
amiable ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other 
similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(B) 
senior to any Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated 
Obligations and any other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated claims (including 
subordinated securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de 
commerce) that rank or are expressed to rank senior to obligations or instruments of 
the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations 
(including subordinated securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French 
Code de commerce) or other instruments issued by the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves, and are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang).

--- Page 227 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
227 
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any senior (chirographaires) obligations 
(including the Senior Non Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the 
Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in 
Article L. 613-30-3–I-4°. of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any senior obligations (including the Senior 
Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer which fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-
3°. of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Status (Subordinated Notes) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes be 
treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital. Condition 2(b)(i) will apply in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes for so long as such Subordinated Notes are treated for regulatory purposes 
as Tier 2 Capital (such Subordinated Notes being hereafter referred to as "Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes"). Should the principal and interest of any outstanding Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes be fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital ("Disqualification Event") 
(Subordinated Notes affected by a Disqualification Event being hereafter referred to as 
"Disqualified Subordinated Notes"), Condition 2(b)(ii) will automatically replace and 
supersede Condition 2(b)(i) for such Disqualified Subordinated Notes without the need for any 
action from the Issuer and without consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes or 
the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French 
Code de commerce. 
(i) 
Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject as provided in sub-paragraph 
(ii) below, their principal and interest constitute and will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of BNPP and rank and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with any obligations or instruments of BNPP that 
constitute Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of BNPP, bankruptcy 
proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting BNPP, the rights of the holders 
in respect of principal and interest to payment under the Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
will be: 
(A) 
subordinated to the full payment of: 
(1) 
the unsubordinated creditors of BNPP; 
(2) 
any subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank senior to the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes; 
(3) 
any Disqualified Subordinated Note issued by BNPP; and 
(4) 
Eligible Creditors of BNPP; and 
(B) 
paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to BNPP, titres participatifs 
issued by BNPP and any deeply subordinated obligations of BNPP (obligations 
dites "super subordonnées" i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
(ii) 
Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Disqualified Subordinated Notes, their principal and interest constitute 
and will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in 
accordance with Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et 
financier created by Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to the 
resolution regime in the banking sector implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD under 
French law) of BNPP and rank and will rank pari passu (a) among themselves and (b) 
with any and all instruments that have (or will have) such rank (including for the

--- Page 228 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
228 
avoidance of doubt instruments issued on or after 28 December 2020 initially treated 
as Additional Tier 1 Capital and which subsequently lost such treatment). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of BNPP, bankruptcy 
proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting BNPP, the rights of the holders 
in respect of principal and interest to payment under the Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes will be: 
(A) 
subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of BNPP and 
any subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank senior to the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and 
(B) 
paid in priority to Eligible Creditors of BNPP, Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
issued by BNPP, any prêts participatifs granted to BNPP, titres participatifs 
issued by BNPP and any deeply subordinated obligations of BNPP (obligations 
dites "super subordonnées" i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated claims (including subordinated 
securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) that rank or 
are expressed to rank (i) senior to obligations or instruments of the Issuer that constitute 
Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and (ii) junior to Disqualified Subordinated Notes. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations (including 
subordinated securities issued pursuant to article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) 
or other instruments issued by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
among themselves, and are direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-
Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against 
such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including 
all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or 
other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not 
relating to such Note, Receipt or Coupon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to 
all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 2(c) is intended to provide or shall be 
construed as acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon but for this Condition 2(c). 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(c), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of 
or claims of any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with 
any such Note, Receipt or Coupon. 
(d) 
Potential impact of resolution 
The potential impact on the Notes in the event of the resolution of the Issuer is detailed in 
Condition 15 (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption). 
3. 
Interest and AER Rate 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) specified per annum (or otherwise) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will 
accrue in respect of each Interest Period (which expressions shall in these Terms and 
Conditions mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the

--- Page 229 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
229 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date 
(each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)).  
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period End 
Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall 
be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date.  If a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an Interest Period End 
Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Date in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
A. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Final Date 
in respect of such Interest Period, will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; 
and 
B. 
The amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate 
amount paid up) and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant 
figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Resettable Note bears or pays interest calculated as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest will 
be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest will be the First Reset Rate of Interest; and

--- Page 230 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
230 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Rate of Interest 
will be the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Period. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period End 
Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall 
be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
Interest in respect of each Interest Period will be determined by either the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, on or as soon as practicable after each Initial 
Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, determine the 
Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the 
case may be, (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest payable on the 
Notes will be calculated in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) above and, for such purposes, references in 
Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to be to 
"Resettable Notes" and Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid 
Note, in accordance with Condition 3(k)) or pays interest in respect of each Interest 
Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean the period from 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter 
date the "Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)).  For the 
purposes of this Condition 3(c) "Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(1) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Period End Date or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 231 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
231 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest 
or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such 
later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(c)(i)(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of 
(y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (aa) such 
Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (bb) each 
subsequent Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Rate of Interest will be determined by either the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, on or as soon as practicable after 
each date on which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest 
Determination Date"), determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest 
Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant 
Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up), 
and multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 232 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
232 
Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the 
relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where (i) the Calculation Agent is not specified as the Principal Paying Agent in the 
applicable Final Terms or is not the same entity as the Principal Paying Agent and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount, then 
the Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), the FBF Rate (where FBF Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate or (ii) in relation to FBF Determination, the 
period of time specified in the relevant FBF Rate. 
(d) 
Interest on Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Linked Interest Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid 
Note, in accordance with Condition 3(k)) or pays interest in respect of each Interest 
Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean the period from 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter 
date the "Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)).  For the 
purposes of this Condition 3(d) "Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(1) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Period End Date or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest 
or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such 
later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no

--- Page 233 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
233 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(d)(i)(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (i)) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of 
(y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (aa) such 
Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (bb) each 
subsequent Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Linked Interest Notes will 
be the Coupon Rate determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms 
which Coupon Rate may comprise one or more Additional Coupons determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine 
the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period.  The 
Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes (or, if they are Partly Paid 
Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) and multiplying such sum by the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(e) 
ISDA, FBF and Screen Rate Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Determination

--- Page 234 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
234 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which a Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, is to be determined, such Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, was acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA 
Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") (or, in the event 
that EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate 
as the financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate 
for EURIBOR) the first day of that Interest Period or (y) in any other case, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
FBF Determination 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest will be payable on such 
dates, at such a rate (the "FBF Rate") and in such amounts, plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as would have been payable 
(regardless of any event of default or termination event thereunder) by the Issuer if it 
had entered into an interest rate swap transaction governed by an agreement in the 
form of the Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments 
(an "FBF Agreement"), as in effect on the date of issue of the Notes, published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française and evidenced by a Confirmation (as defined in the FBF 
Agreement) with the holder of the relevant Note under which: 
(A) 
the Issuer was the Floating Amount Payer; 
(B) 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, was the 
Agent (as defined in the FBF Agreement) or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the Interest Commencement Date was the Transaction Date; 
(D) 
the lowest Specified Denomination was the Notional Amount; 
(E) 
the Interest Payment Dates were the Floating Amount Payment Dates; and 
(F) 
all other terms were as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
When the preceding sentence applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Payment 
Date: 
(1) 
the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date will be the 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period for the purposes of these 
Terms and Conditions as though determined under sub-paragraphs 3(c)(iii) or 
3(d)(iii) above, as applicable; 
(2) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate (as defined 
in the FBF Agreement) determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the

--- Page 235 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
235 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the preceding sentence; 
and 
(3) 
the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, will be deemed 
to have discharged its obligations under subparagraphs 3(c)(iii) or 3(d)(iii) 
above, as applicable, if it has determined the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in the manner provided in the 
preceding sentence. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(1) 
BBSW, EURIBOR, NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR or WIBOR 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – IBOR" or "Screen Rate 
Determination – BBSW" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at the Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Sydney time, in the case of BBSW, Oslo time, in the case 
of NIBOR, Prague time, in the case of PRIBOR, Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR, or Warsaw time, in the case of WIBOR) (the "Screen 
Page Reference Rate") on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
(B) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
subparagraph (A)I., no offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on the service which displays 
the information) or, in the case of subparagraph (A)II., fewer than three 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on the service which displays the information), in 
each case as at the Specified Time, except as provided in paragraph 
(C) below, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards)

--- Page 236 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
236 
of the relevant quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or in the 
event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the highest) and 
the lowest (or in the event that two or more quotations are identical, 
one of the lowest) plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum 
which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates per annum, as communicated to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-bank 
market plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any) as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, the 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to 
leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable to the Reference 
Rate (which will be the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Sydney inter-bank market, if the Reference 
Rate is BBSW, the Oslo inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, the Prague inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is 
PRIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, or the Warsaw inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is 
WIBOR) plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
If the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph (B), the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, shall 
be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen 
Page plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
except that if the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, determines that the absence of the quotation is 
due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate or the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then the Reference 
Rate will be determined in accordance with paragraph (C) below.

--- Page 237 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
237 
(C) 
If (i) the Issuer (where the Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent (in the role of Calculation Agent or 
otherwise)), or (ii) otherwise, the Calculation Agent, determines at any 
time prior to any Interest Determination Date, that the Screen Page 
Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback 
Event has occurred, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will use, as a substitute for the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to be the alternative reference 
rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or 
any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the Specified Currency (each a 
"Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative reference 
rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those 
alternative reference rates is most appropriate to preserve the 
economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable, to determine such an 
alternative reference rate (and, in the case of the Calculation Agent, 
has notified the Issuer thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event 
before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination 
Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), 
which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which is 
substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, is 
available for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such 
determination.  If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines 
that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, of such successor rate to be used by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to determine the 
Rate of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, 
the "Replacement Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or 
after such determination: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also determine the 
changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method 
for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
adjustment needed to make such Replacement Reference 
Rate comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, 
including, where applicable, to reflect any increased costs of 
the Issuer providing such exposure to the Replacement 
Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference 
Rate; 
(ii) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement

--- Page 238 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
238 
Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, if applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement 
Reference Rate and the details described in (i) above, as soon 
as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11 of the Replacement Reference Rate and of 
the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably 
practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London 
time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest 
Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent, 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and 
the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines at a later 
date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) 
for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or 
determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical 
manner as described in this paragraph (C). If the Replacement 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
If (x) a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent and such agent determines that the Screen 
Page Reference Rate has been discontinued but for any reason a 
Replacement Reference Rate has not been determined or (y) the 
Issuer determines that the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other amendment to the 
Conditions necessary to implement such replacement would result in 
all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series 
of Notes being excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then 
applicable regulations) and/or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, all 
or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Notes to be 
excluded from the own funds of the Group or reclassified as a lower 
quality form of own funds of the Group, the Issuer, may decide that no 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period in such case will be 
equal to the last Screen Page Reference Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, 
broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer or the Calculation

--- Page 239 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
239 
Agent, as applicable; (ii) such other entity that the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines to be competent to carry out such role; 
or (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Such person may not be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, unless such affiliate is a regulated investment 
services provider. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to Condition 5(r), the provisions of this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(1)(C) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all 
provisions referred to in) this Condition 3(e)(iii)(1)(C), the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take 
all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection 
with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate 
Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may 
have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(2) 
SONIA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be 
determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each 
Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3(e)(iii)(2)(A) or 
3(e)(iii)(2)(B) below subject to the provisions of Condition 3(e)(iii)(2)(D). 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average 
SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(2): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(x) 
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
 [∏(1 + SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
;

--- Page 240 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
240 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
⌊∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼×𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
⌋×
365
𝑑; or 
(z) 
if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(
SONIA IndexFinal
SONIA IndexInitial −1) ×
365
d , 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"d" means the number of calendar days (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in 
the relevant Interest Period, (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period or (z) if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SONIA IndexInitial is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SONIA IndexFinal is determined; 
"do" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the number of London Business Days in such Interest Period, or (y) if 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of an Observation Lookback Period, the number of 
London Business Days in such Observation Lookback Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in 
the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such London Business Day i up to 
(but excluding) the following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p London 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is p London Business Days

--- Page 241 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
241 
prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-
out Period; 
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of such 
London Business Day i; 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Determination 
Date for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(z) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day i; 
"SONIA Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date by reference 
to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is 
published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA IndexFinal" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling p London 
Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end 
of such Interest Period; 
"SONIA IndexInitial" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling p London 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day 
i, SONIA i in respect of the London Business Day falling p 
London Business Days prior to such London Business Day i; 
or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day 
i, SONIA i in respect of such London Business Day i; 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate 
for such London Business Day, as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such London Business Day; and

--- Page 242 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
242 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect 
of each calendar day during the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period divided by the number of calendar days 
during such Observation Lookback Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(y) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in 
respect of each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of any calendar day which is not a London Business 
Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
SONIA Fallbacks 
(x) 
If "Lag", "Lock out" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate 
shall be: 
I. 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at the close of business on the relevant London 
Business Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of 
SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding 
London Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined 
or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such 
guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate

--- Page 243 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
243 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of 
an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, shall be 
(i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to the 
application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period). 
(y) 
If "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service 
by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour 
after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information 
service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA for the applicable Interest Period 
for which the SONIA Index is not available shall be "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 3(e)(iii)(2)(A) 
where (i) the "Observation Method" will be deemed to be "Shift" and 
(ii) the "Observation Lookback Period" will be deemed to be equal to p 
London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(3) 
SOFR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(A) or 3(e)(iii)(3)(B) 
below, subject to the provisions of Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(D) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest or Rate, 
as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as

--- Page 244 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
244 
the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the Compounded 
Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3): 
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page" means the Bloomberg 
screen designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar day 
during the Interest Period, compounded daily, calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if "SOFR Compound with Lookback" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi−pUSBD × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in such Interest 
Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in such Interest Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; and 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi ("pUSBD"), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-
Off Date is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest

--- Page 245 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
245 
Period End Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-
Off Date for such Interest Period; 
(b) 
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in such 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Observation Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in such Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period and ending on (but excluding) the date that is the 
number Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date in such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi; 
(c) 
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
( SOFR Index Final
SOFR Index Initial
−1) × 360
dc
 
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 246 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
246 
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as 
published by the NY Federal Reserve as such index appears 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website; 
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period End Date in such Interest Period; and 
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY 
Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR; 
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page designated 
"USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service; 
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the "SOFR 
Determination Time") on the NY Federal Reserve's Website 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such 
rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page 
for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day or, if no 
such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE 
Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate 
is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the 
Secured 
Overnight 
Financing 
Rate 
that 
appears 
at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Screen Page"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not occurred, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured

--- Page 247 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
247 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website; 
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such 
Interest Period, as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, provided that, SOFR in respect of 
each calendar day during the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest Period End 
Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, 
SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date in such Interest Period (or such other number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) to (C) above, if the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines on or prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set 
forth in Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(D) below (SOFR Replacement 
Provisions) below will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest 
or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
failing which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement 
Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will determine the 
SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, or the 
Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the 
case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders.

--- Page 248 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
248 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, may 
subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event and a related 
SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been 
substituted by the SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution have been 
applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be 
deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the 
following definitions shall apply: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as 
amended, updated or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
(including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined 
in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published 
by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with 
respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any 
successor thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(3)(C) 
above); 
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing which the 
Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time in respect of any determination of the SOFR 
Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
accordance with:

--- Page 249 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
249 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
Priority in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the 
priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent is unable to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with the first SOFR Replacement Alternative listed, it shall attempt to 
determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the each 
subsequent 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternative 
until 
a 
SOFR 
Replacement is determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate or Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence 
of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR 
Replacement Date; 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
Replacement"); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"ISDA 
Fallback 
Replacement"); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by 
the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination 
Agent 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the "Industry Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable SOFR Replacement 
Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or

--- Page 250 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
250 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any SOFR Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including, but not limited to, changes to timing and frequency 
of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions, business day convention and other administrative matters) 
that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably 
necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(ii) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event" the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the 
SOFR Benchmark has not been published, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of 
information as referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should 
such event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or 
publication occur on a date falling later than three months after the 
relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event 
shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or 
publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time for such determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):

--- Page 251 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
251 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) is no 
longer representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use has been or will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or 
a successor administrator) for six consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; and 
"Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment. 
(4) 
€STR 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period, will 
be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), as determined by Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, calculated in accordance with this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(4)(A), subject to the provisions of Condition 3(e)(iii)(4)(B). 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily 
euro short term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as

--- Page 252 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
252 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period 
or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"d0" means the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (x) if "Lag" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, the reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short term rate (€STR) for such TARGET2 Business 
Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, 
or 
any 
successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of 
such rate (the "ECB Website") on such TARGET2 Business Day or if the ECB 
Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, €STR for the 
TARGET2 Business Day falling p TARGET2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET2 Business Day i; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first TARGET2 Business Day in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period or (y) if 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of TARGET2 Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, five TARGET2 Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such TARGET2 Business Day i to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET2 Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p TARGET2 Business Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the 
date which is p TARGET2 Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or

--- Page 253 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
253 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of any TARGET2 Business 
Day i falling in the relevant Observation Lookback Period, €STR for 
such day; and 
"TARGET2 Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
(B) 
€STR Fallback provisions 
(1) 
Effect of €STR Transition Event on Notes 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing 
which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the €STR Reference Time on 
any TARGET2 Business Day that a €STR Transition Event and the related 
€STR Replacement Date have occurred, then the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will appoint an agent (the "Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent") which will determine the €STR Replacement. 
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, 
broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) 
an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or (aa) such other entity that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out such role.  In 
connection with the determination of the €STR Replacement: 
(1) 
the €STR Replacement will replace the then-current €STR Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent 
dates; 
(2) 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make €STR 
Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the relevant Notes 
from time to time; 
(3) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(4), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the 
relevant Notes, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
will be made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
(4) 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition 
and any other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 3(e)(iii)(4) shall 
prevail with respect to any Notes for which the Rate of Interest or Rate 
is calculated in accordance with this Condition 3(e)(iii)(4); 
(5) 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a €STR 
Replacement to replace the then-current €STR Benchmark and apply 
any €STR Replacement Conforming Changes in respect of any 
subsequent €STR Transition Event; and 
(6) 
where a €STR Transition Event or details of it are announced prior to 
the relevant €STR Replacement Date then the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may on or after such earlier announcement date 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the 
relevant changes which will be made to the Notes provided that such 
changes will only take effect as of the €STR Replacement Date. 
(2) 
No €STR Transition Event has occurred and the €STR Benchmark is 
unavailable

--- Page 254 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
254 
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant determination date, the 
€STR Benchmark is unavailable in respect of such determination date and a 
€STR Transition Event has not occurred, then the rate for such determination 
date will be the €STR Benchmark, where applicable, of the Corresponding 
Tenor, as provided by the administrator of the €STR Benchmark and published 
by an alternative authorised distributor or by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the €STR Benchmark itself. If no such rate has been published by the Rate 
Cut-Off Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no time is so 
specified, 4 p.m. (London time)), then the rate for such determination date will 
be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark by applying one of the 
following rates: 
(1) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental 
Body or any other supervisor which is responsible for supervising the 
€STR Benchmark or the administrator of the €STR Benchmark, 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the €STR Benchmark and 
for so long as a €STR Transition Event has not occurred. If a rate described in 
sub-paragraph (1) is available, the Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no 
such rate is available but a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, 
the Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If neither a rate described in sub-
paragraph (1) nor a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a commercially reasonable alternative for 
the €STR Benchmark taking into account where available any rate 
implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case 
with trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing the €STR Benchmark 
that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be a 
representative alternative rate. 
(3) 
€STR Fallback Definitions 
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these Terms and 
Conditions, the following definitions shall apply with respect to this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(4): 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended, updated or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series;  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a €STR Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding 
business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current €STR 
Benchmark. 
"€STR Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR (as defined in 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(4)(A) above) of the appropriate tenor (if applicable), provided 
that, if a €STR Transition Event and its related €STR Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded Daily €STR, or the then-current €STR 
Benchmark, then "€STR Benchmark" means the applicable €STR 
Replacement.

--- Page 255 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
255 
"€STR Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the €STR 
Benchmark means 11:00 am (Brussels time) on the TARGET2 Business Day 
immediately following the date of such determination. 
"€STR Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of 
the €STR Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
(2) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current €STR Benchmark, where applicable for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor; or 
(3) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current €STR Benchmark, where applicable for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current €STR 
Benchmark for floating rate notes denominated in the currency of the 
€STR Benchmark (the "Relevant Benchmark Currency") calculated 
at such time. 
"€STR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
€STR Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of determining rates with 
respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention, amendments 
to any other Condition and other administrative matters) that the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such €STR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the €STR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner). 
"€STR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "€STR Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide such €STR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "€STR Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the €STR Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the €STR Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the €STR Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the €STR Reference Time for such determination.  
"€STR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark announcing that the

--- Page 256 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
256 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the €STR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the €STR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the €STR Benchmark, the central 
bank for the currency of the €STR Benchmark, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the €STR Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
€STR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the €STR Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the €STR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
€STR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the €STR Benchmark announcing 
that the €STR Benchmark is no longer representative, the €STR 
Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its 
use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a 
€STR Transition Event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable 
tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with respect to the €STR Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Rate Cut-off Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the European Central Bank (including 
any board thereof) or any committee officially endorsed and/or convened 
thereby. 
(5) 
SARON 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SARON" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest or Rate is to be 
determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each 
Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SARON plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, calculated in 
accordance with this Condition 3(e)(iii)(5)(A), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(5)(B). 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 3(e)(iii)(5): 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Swiss francs (with the 
daily overnight interest rate of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Principal

--- Page 257 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
257 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏
(1 +
SARONi x ni
360
)
d0
i=1
−1] x
360
d , 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the number of calendar 
days in such SARON Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the number of Zurich 
Banking Days in such SARON Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day in such 
SARON Observation Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of Zurich Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five Zurich Banking Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day i to (but excluding) the first 
following Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day: 
(a) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day 
published by the SARON Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page which displays the information) at the 
SARON Reference Time; 
(b) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, other than as a 
consequence of a SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight published on the Relevant Screen Page for the first 
preceding Zurich Banking Day for which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight was published on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(c) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day as a 
consequence of a SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the SARON 
Replacement determined in accordance with Condition 3(e)(iii)(5)(B) 
below; 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor 
administrator); 
"SARON Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p Zurich Banking Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is p Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at 
the end of such Interest Period; 
"SARON Reference Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the 
close of trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor 
thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be at or around 6 
p.m. (Zurich time);

--- Page 258 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
258 
"SARONi" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, SARON as provided 
by the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised distributors of 
SARON in respect of that day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means any day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
(B) 
SARON Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the SARON Reference 
Time on any Zurich Banking Day that a SARON Index Cessation Event and 
the related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine 
the SARON Replacement.  
If there is no Recommended SARON Replacement Rate and the SNB Policy 
Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with respect to which SARON is to be 
determined has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day (the "Affected 
Zurich Banking Day"), then the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") on or prior to the first Zurich 
Banking Day in respect of which a SARON Index Cessation Event and related 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred and for which the SNB 
Policy Rate has not been published. The Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or (aa) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
competent to carry out such role.  
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine whether to use an 
alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which 
the Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the "Affected SARON Observation 
Period") and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter. 
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may 
be: 
I. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall determine: (A) the 
method for determining the SARON Replacement (including any 
alternative method for determining the SARON Replacement if such 
alternative rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for the SARON Replacement and (B) any adjustment factor 
as may be necessary to make the SARON Replacement comparable 
to the then-current SARON Benchmark consistent with industry-
accepted practices for the SARON Replacement; 
II. 
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking 
Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON 
Observation Periods thereafter, references to SARON in the Terms 
and Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the SARON 
Replacement, including any alternative method for determining such 
rate and any adjustment factor as described in sub-clause I above; 
III. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the Notes from time 
to time;

--- Page 259 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
259 
IV. 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 
3(e)(iii)(5)(B) including any SARON Replacement Conforming 
Changes or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the 
relevant Notes, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error 
and will be made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
V. 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition 
and any other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 3(e)(iii)(5)(B) shall 
prevail with respect to any Notes for which the Rate of Interest or Rate 
is calculated in accordance with this Condition 3(e)(iii)(5); 
VI. 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a 
SARON Replacement to replace the then-current SARON Benchmark 
and apply any SARON Replacement Conforming Changes in respect 
of any subsequent SARON Index Cessation Event; and 
VII. 
where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are announced 
prior to the relevant SARON Index Cessation Effective Date then the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or after such earlier 
announcement date give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 of the relevant changes which will be made to the Notes, 
provided that, such changes will only take effect as of the SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date. 
As used in this Condition 3(e)(iii)(5), the following definitions shall apply: 
"Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate: 
I. 
the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread, that the Recommending 
Body has recommended be applied to such Recommended SARON 
Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect 
to which such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has 
replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for 
the purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
II. 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, 
formula or methodology as described in clause I above to be applied 
to such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate, for the purposes 
of determining SARON, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
spread, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate. The 
Calculation Agent will take into account industry-accepted practices for 
fixed income securities with respect to which such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight as the reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"Recommended SARON Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by 
any working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a 
similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference 
Rates that was founded in 2013 for the purposes of, among other things,

--- Page 260 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
260 
considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any 
such working group or committee, the "Recommending Body"); 
"SARON Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SARON (as 
defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(5) above), provided that, if a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SARON, or the then-current 
SARON Benchmark, then "SARON Benchmark" means the applicable SARON 
Replacement. 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
(a) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause (a) of the definition thereof, the date on which the 
SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub clause (b)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
(A) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(B) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as 
the date on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no 
longer be representative; and 
(C) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-clause 
(a) of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either 
or both dates specified in sub-clauses (A) and (B) of this 
clause (b), the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight may no longer be used; and 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub clause (b)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as of 
a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, which 
statement, in the case of sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not 
necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives; 
"SARON Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of 
the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date: 
(a) 
the Recommended SARON Replacement Rate for such Zurich 
Banking Day, giving effect to the Recommended SARON Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day;

--- Page 261 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
261 
(b) 
the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, 
if any; or 
(c) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current SARON Benchmark, being such industry-accepted 
successor rate or, if no such rate exists, it shall select such rate that it 
has determined is most comparable to the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
"SARON Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
SARON Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of determining rates with 
respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention, amendments 
to any other Condition and other administrative matters) that the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such SARON Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the SARON Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner); and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate 
for the purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, taking into account the historical median between the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on 
the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more 
than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the 
first of such events occurred). 
(6) 
TONA 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – TONA" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will 
be Compounded Daily TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 3(e)(iii)(6)(A), subject to the provisions of Condition 3(e)(iii)(6)(B) 
and 3(e)(iii)(6)(C).  
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 3(e)(iii)(6): 
"Compounded Daily TONA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, an 
amount equal to the rate of return for an investment in Japanese yen on each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, compounded daily (with the 
daily Tokyo Overnight Average rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest), calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 262 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
262 
(a) 
if "TONA Compound with Lookback" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in 
such Interest Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, 5 Tokyo Banking Days;  
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but 
excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in respect 
of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
"TONAi-pTBD" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi in 
respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling p Tokyo Banking Days prior 
to such Tokyo Banking Day; 
(b) 
if "TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× n𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number of 
calendar days in such TONA Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in such TONA Observation Period; 
"i" means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to d0, each representing the Tokyo Banking Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in 
such TONA Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but 
excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Relevant Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, 5 Relevant Business Days;  
"Relevant Business Day" means a day which is (i) a Tokyo Banking 
Day, (ii) if one or more Observation Shift Business Centre(s) (other 
than TARGET2 System) are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a

--- Page 263 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
263 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant Observation Shift Business Centre(s) and (iii) 
if "TARGET2 System" is specified as an Observation Shift Business 
Centre, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open;  
"TONA Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and 
ending on (but excluding) the date that is the number Observation Shift 
Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date in such 
Interest Period;  
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in respect 
of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Tokyo; and 
"TONA" means the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, being the 
Tokyo Overnight Average (TONA) rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or 
any successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of TONA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) in each case as of 
approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as 
specified by the administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate is published by 
the administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the administrator of TONA other than as a consequence of a 
TONA Index Cessation Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be 
TONA last provided or published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as 
otherwise published by relevant authorised distributors) that appears at 
approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Bank of Japan's Website on the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
(B) 
Correction of TONA 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently corrected and 
provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors of TONA and 
published on the Relevant Screen Page no later than the Correction Cut-off 
Time (if any) or, if later (or there is no such Correction Cut-off Time), one hour 
after the rate for such Tokyo Banking Day is published on the Relevant Screen 
Page, then TONA in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day shall be the 
subsequently corrected and published rate appearing on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
Where: 
"Correction Cut-off Time" means the time specified as such by the 
administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology. 
(C) 
TONA Fallbacks 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing 
which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the TONA Reference Time on 
any Tokyo Banking Day that a TONA Index Cessation Event has occurred, 
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be the JPY Recommended Rate.

--- Page 264 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
264 
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Banking 
Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date, but neither the 
administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the JPY 
Recommended Rate, then, subject to the below, in respect of any day for which 
the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or 
published JPY Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which the 
JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended 
Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA.  
If: 
(a) 
(there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo 
Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date; or  
(b) 
there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs in respect of such 
JPY Recommended Rate,  
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA 
Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day 
occurring on or after the JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date, as the case may be, will be a commercially reasonable alternative for 
TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate, as the case may be, as determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any 
rate implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each 
case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or the 
JPY Recommended Rate (as applicable) that the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, considers sufficient for that rate to be a 
representative alternative rate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(iii)(6)(C): 
"JPY Recommended Rate" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, the 
rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Bank of Japan for the purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA 
(which rate may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator) 
and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided 
by the administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), published by an 
authorised distributor in respect of such day; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day" means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day specified by the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended Rate 
in its benchmark methodology; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in 
respect of the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate would 
ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer published or 
provided;  
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of the 
JPY Recommended Rate:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement

--- Page 265 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
265 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the JPY Recommended Rate; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
the JPY Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
JPY Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the JPY Recommended 
Rate; 
"TONA Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of TONA and a 
TONA Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would ordinarily 
have been published or provided and is no longer published or provided;  
"TONA Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of TONA:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide TONA; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the 
currency of TONA, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of TONA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of TONA or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of TONA, which states that 
the administrator of TONA has ceased or will cease to provide TONA 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide TONA; and 
"TONA Reference Time" means, with respect to any determination of TONA, 
10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following the 
date of such determination. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions 
"BBSW" means the Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (any such centre, an "Additional Business Centre" and which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively), or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day (a

--- Page 266 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
266 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day") on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is 
open; 
"Calculation Period" means each Interest Period, AER Calculation Period, FR Calculation 
Period, SPS Call Valuation Period or SPS Put Valuation Period, as applicable; 
"CMT Rate" means, in respect of an Initial Period or a Reset Period and the related Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the relevant CMT Rate 
Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption "Treasury constant maturities 
(Nominal)", as that yield is displayed, for the relevant Initial Rate Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, on the CMT Rate Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in (a) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at 
"constant maturity" for the relevant CMT Rate Maturity as published in the H.15(519) 
under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)" for such Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) 
on such Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may 
be, the Reset Reference Dealer Rate on such Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(d) 
if fewer than three Reference Dealers selected by the Calculation Agent) provide bid 
prices for the purposes of determining the Reset Reference Dealer Rate referred to in 
(c) above as described in the definition of Reset Reference Dealer Rate, the CMT Rate 
applicable to the last preceding Reset Period or, in the case of (x) the Initial Period, the 
Initial CMT Rate or (y) the Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date, the Initial 
Rate of Interest minus the First Margin; 
"CMT Rate Maturity" means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate to be used for the 
determination of the Reset Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"CMT Rate Screen Page" means page H15T5Y on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any 
successor service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose 
of displaying "Treasury constant maturities" as reported in the H.15(519); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of a rate or an amount of interest 
for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (a) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (b) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 267 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
267 
(y) 
the number of days In such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (a) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (b) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Calculation Period 
ending in a leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"'Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number is 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360

--- Page 268 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
268 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"'Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"'Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which case D2 will be 30; 
"First Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate for the First 
Reset Period and the First Margin; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"H.15(519)" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor 
publication, published by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, section, successor site or 
publication as may replace it; 
"Initial CMT Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360

--- Page 269 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
269 
"Initial Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Mid-Swap Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date; 
"Initial Rate Determination Date" means, in respect of an Initial Period, the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of (i) the fixed 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Initial Rate Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate 
for the Initial Period and the Initial Margin; 
"Initial Reference Bond Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Initial Period or Reset Period the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Initial Period or 
Reset Period, as the case may be, (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-
floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, and commencing on 
the relevant Reset Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (ii) is in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro, provided 
that in the event that EURIBOR or the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms has been 
discontinued, the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate shall be such other successor 
benchmark rate as the financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate 
for EURIBOR or the relevant specified rate, as applicable; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to an Initial Period or Reset Period, either: 
(a) 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(x) 
with a term equal to such Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case 
may be; and 
(y) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(x) 
with a term equal to such Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case 
may be; and 
(y) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date,

--- Page 270 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
270 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (each the 
"Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate"). 
(b) 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or, in the case of (a)(i), no such rate appears or, in the 
case of (a)(ii), no such bid or offered rates appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as at the Relevant Time on the Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, at least three of 
the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Initial Period or Reset 
Period, as the case may be, will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. with 0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event that two or more 
quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event that two or 
more quotations are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus (as applicable) the Initial 
Margin, the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date only two relevant 
quotations are provided, the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Initial Period 
or Reset Period, as the case may be, will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of the relevant quotations provided plus or minus (as applicable) the Initial Margin, the 
First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, only one 
relevant quotation is provided, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, will be the relevant quotation 
provided plus or minus (as applicable) the Initial Margin, First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, none of the 
Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as provided above, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be (i) if such Initial 
Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, is the first 
date on which the relevant rate of interest is to be determined by reference to the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate, (x) if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate, (y) if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (z) if Last Observable 
Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the last Screen 
Page Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page or (ii) otherwise, the 
Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date, in each case plus or minus (as applicable) the Initial 
Margin, First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case maybe, except that if the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer determines that the absence of quotations is due to the 
discontinuation of the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate or the occurrence of a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event, then the Mid-Swap Rate will be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (c) below;

--- Page 271 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
271 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (including where the Calculation Agent is specified 
as the Principal Paying Agent in the applicable Final Terms) determines at any time 
prior to any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, that the 
Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback 
Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use as a substitute for the Screen Page 
Mid-Swap Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, to be the alternative reference rate selected by the 
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any 
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the Specified 
Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards, provided that if two or more alternative reference rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate (and, in the case of the Calculation Agent, has notified the Issuer 
thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable Initial 
Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) appoint 
an agent (the "Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether 
a substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page 
Mid-Swap Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the Mid-Swap Rate on each 
Initial Rate Determination Date and/or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, 
falling on or after the date of such determination.  If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, of 
such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Initial Rate 
of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as 
the case may be. 
If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the "Replacement Mid-Swap Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Mid-Swap 
Rate on each Initial Rate Determination Date and/or Reset Determination Date, as the 
case may be, falling on or after such determination: 
(i) 
the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, will also determine changes (if any) to the Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Initial Rate Determination Date, 
the Reset Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any adjustment factor 
needed to make such Replacement Mid-Swap Rate comparable to the Screen 
Page Mid-Swap Rate, including, where applicable, to reflect any increased 
costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the Replacement Mid-Swap 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rates; 
(ii) 
references to the Mid-Swap Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, if applicable, 
will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the details 
described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 
of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and of the details described in (i) above 
as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m.

--- Page 272 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
272 
(London time) on the Business Day prior to the Initial Rate Determination Date 
or applicable Reset Determination Date, as the case may be. 
The determination of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent 
determines at a later date that the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Mid-Swap Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as 
applicable, shall appoint or re-appoint a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, as the 
case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Mid-
Swap Replacement Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate in 
an identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the Replacement Mid-Swap 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, then the Replacement Mid-Swap 
Rate will remain unchanged. 
If (x) a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer and such agent determines that the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate has been 
discontinued but for any reason a Replacement Mid-Swap Rate has not been 
determined, (y) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate with 
the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions necessary 
to implement such replacement would result in all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Notes to be excluded from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then 
applicable regulations) and/or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Notes to be excluded from the own funds of 
the Group or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Group or (z) the 
Issuer determines that the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate with the Replacement 
Mid-Swap Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Reset Date 
as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
may decide that no Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any other successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
Initial Period or the relevant Reset Period, as the case may be, in such case will be (i) 
if such determination is made on or prior to the first date on which the rate of interest 
is determined by reference to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, (x) if Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate, (y) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (z) if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or (ii) otherwise, the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date. 
The Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as 
appointed by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as applicable; (ii) such other entity 
that the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be competent to carry 
out such role; or (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent. Such person may 
not be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, unless such 
affiliate is a regulated investment services provider. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to Condition 5(r), this Sub-paragraph (c) in this definition of "Mid-Swap Rate" shall 
apply.

--- Page 273 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
273 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred 
to in) this Sub-paragraph (c) in this definition of "Mid-Swap Rate", the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent (as applicable) may make 
all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as 
are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference 
Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have 
occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes; 
"NIBOR" means the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
"PRIBOR" means the Prague interbank offered rate; 
"Reference Banks" means, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market; 
"Reference Bond" means, for the relevant Initial Period or any Reset Period, as the 
case may be, the Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms or, if no Reference Bond 
is specified therein or if the relevant Reference Bond is no longer outstanding at the 
relevant time, such government security or securities issued by the government of the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity 
date comparable with the last day of the relevant Initial Period or Reset Period, as the 
case may be, and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant 
Initial Period or Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reference Bond Dealer" means each of four banks (selected by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Calculation Agent), or their affiliates, which are primary 
government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issuances 
denominated in the Specified Currency; 
"Reference Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as the case may be, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Initial Rate Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, and quoted in writing to the 
Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to an Initial Rate Determination Date or 
a Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, (a) the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations or (c) if 
the Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer Quotation, the 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotation obtained or (d) if the Calculation Agent obtains no 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be that which was determined on the 
Initial Rate Determination Date or the last preceding Reset Determination Date, as the 
case may be, or, in the case of (x) the Initial Rate Determination Date, the Reset Rate 
for the Initial Period shall be the Initial Reference Bond Rate, or (y) the first Reset 
Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in respect of an Initial Period or a Reset Period, as 
the case may be, (i) if Dealer Quotations Reference Bond Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for such

--- Page 274 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
274 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price or (ii) if Screen Page Reference Bond Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate (expressed as a percentage) for government securities 
in the Specified Currency with a term equal to such Initial Period or Reset Period, as 
the case may be, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately the 
Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In the case of (ii) above, if on any Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or no such rate appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Initial Rate 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, Dealer 
Quotations Reference Bond Rate shall be deemed to be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Bond Rate in 
accordance with (i) above; 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, in relation to any Reference Rate, Mid-
Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, any of the following, as determined 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, 
ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six (6) 
consecutive Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information (provided that, 
at the time of any such event, there is no successor administrator that will 
provide the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as 
applicable) by or on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Reference Rate, Mid-
Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or (ii) the supervisor, 
insolvency official, resolution authority, central bank or competent court having 
jurisdiction over such administrator stating that (x) the administrator has 
ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, (y) the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued, or (z) the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap 
Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, has been or will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that, if 
such public statement or publication mentions that the event or circumstance 
referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will occur on a date falling later than three (3) 
months after the relevant public statement or publication, the Reference Rate 
Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months 
prior to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement); 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as applicable), 
become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any 
other party responsible for determining the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or 
AER Reference Rate, as applicable, to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER 
Reference Rate, as applicable (including, without limitation, under BMR, if 
applicable); or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or the administrator of 
the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant

--- Page 275 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
275 
official body, in each case with the effect that the use of the Reference Rate, 
Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, is not or will not be 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation, such that the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, is 
unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
A change in the methodology of the Reference Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or AER Reference 
Rate, as applicable, shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the above, be deemed 
a Reference Rate Fallback Event. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page on the source in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such successor page or source determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Date" means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any 
Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, 
as applicable; 
"Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate" means the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate; 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Reference Bond Rate; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant CMT Rate; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely; 
"Reset Reference Dealer Rate" means in respect of any Initial Rate Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being a yield-to-maturity based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid 
prices for Reset U.S. Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the Initial Rate Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, of leading primary U.S. government securities dealers in New York City (each, 
a "Reference Dealer"). The Calculation Agent will select five Reference Dealers to 
provide such bid prices and will eliminate the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest); provided, however, that, if fewer than five but more than two such bid 
prices are provided, then neither the highest nor the lowest of those quotations will be 
eliminated prior to calculating the arithmetic mean of such bid prices; 
"Reset U.S. Treasury Securities" means, in respect of any Initial Rate Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, U.S. Treasury Securities with an original maturity 
equal to the relevant CMT Rate Maturity, a remaining term to maturity of no more than 
one year shorter than the relevant CMT Rate Maturity and in a principal amount equal 
to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such U.S. Treasury 
Securities in the New York City market; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm interbank offered rate;

--- Page 276 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
276 
"Subsequent Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each 
successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the United 
States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis; and 
"WIBOR" means the Warsaw interbank offered rate. 
(g) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
In the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Conditions 3(c)(ii), 3(c)(iv), 3(d)(ii) or 3(e) above (as appropriate) is less 
than the Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms (such Minimum Interest Rate 
being zero or greater than zero).  If the applicable Final Terms does not specify a Minimum 
Interest Rate (or Minimum Interest Rate is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) for any Interest Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Conditions 3(c)(ii), 3(c)(iv), 3(d)(ii) or 3(e) above (as appropriate) is 
greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (such 
notifications to occur no later than the Business Day following such determination), (in the case 
of Notes which are listed on Euronext Paris and the rules of such stock exchange so require) 
Euronext Paris, as applicable and, if applicable, to any other stock exchange on which the 
relevant Notes are for the time being listed.  In addition, the Principal Paying Agent (except 
where the relevant Notes are unlisted) shall publish or cause to be published such Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 11 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business 
Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. For the purposes of these Conditions, the 
expression "Luxembourg Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for business in Luxembourg. 
(i) 
Certificates to be Final

--- Page 277 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
277 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions made for the 
purposes of the provisions of Conditions 3(b) – 3(h), by the Principal Paying Agent or, if 
applicable, Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, or, if applicable, 
the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders, and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Noteholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(j) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not 
paid when due, the amount due and repayable shall be the amount determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(g) at its Amortised Face Amount. As from the Maturity Date, any overdue 
principal of such Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before 
any judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note. Such interest will be calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and in the case of an incomplete 
month the actual number of days elapsed in such incomplete month or on such other basis as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(k) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes) 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Interest Payments 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4. Interest will 
cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part 
only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless such Note is redeemed early.  
If such Note is redeemed early (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to 
Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for redemption or (ii) if 
the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no interest 
shall accrue or be payable in respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the due date for redemption of such Note. If the payment of principal or 
the payment, and/or delivery of the Entitlement (if applicable), is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) at the 
Fixed Rate or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest or as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due and/or 
assets deliverable in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
holder of such Note and (ii) the day on which the Principal Paying Agent or any agent appointed 
by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders has notified the holder thereof (either in 
accordance with Condition 11 or individually) of receipt of all sums due and/or assets 
deliverable in respect thereof up to that date. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, these provisions shall be subject to the 
provisions contained in Annex 7 – "Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes". 
(m) 
AER Rate Determination 
(i) 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by reference 
to a Screen Rate the AER Rate will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the AER Specified Time

--- Page 278 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
278 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR, Sydney time, in the case of BBSW, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, 
Prague time, in the case of PRIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, or 
Warsaw time, in the case of WIBOR) (the "Screen Page AER Rate") on the relevant 
AER Reference Rate Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the AER Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the AER Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (a), no offered 
quotation appears on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) or, in the case of subparagraph (b), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information), in each case as at the AER Specified Time, 
except as provided in paragraph (ii) below the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate at the AER 
Specified Time on the AER Reference Rate Determination Date in question.  If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, 
the AER Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the relevant quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or in the event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the highest) 
and the lowest (or in the event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the 
lowest), plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any AER Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the AER Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 
0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as communicated 
to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-
bank market plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
rates, the AER Rate shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the AER 
Reference Rate, at which, at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable to the AER Reference 
Rate (which will be the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Sydney inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is BBSW, the 
Oslo inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Prague inter-bank 
market, if the AER Reference Rate is PRIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, if the  
AER Reference Rate is STIBOR, or the Warsaw inter-bank market, if the AER 
Reference Rate is WIBOR) plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 279 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
279 
If the AER Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall determine the AER Rate from such 
source(s) as it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may 
select, except that if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that the absence 
of the quotation is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page AER Rate or the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then the AER Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (including where the Calculation Agent is specified 
as the Principal Paying Agent in the applicable Final Terms) determines at any time 
prior to any AER Reference Rate Determination Date, that the Screen Page AER Rate 
has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the Screen Page AER Rate, an alternative 
reference rate determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to be 
the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body" that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that 
if two or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those 
alternative reference rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of 
the Notes. If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to determine 
such an alternative reference rate (and in the case of the Calculation Agent, has notified 
the Issuer thereof), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the 
applicable AER Reference Rate Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "AER Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, 
which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page AER Rate, is available for the 
purpose of determining the AER Reference Rate on each AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date falling on or after the date of such determination.  If the AER Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the 
AER Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent, of such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the 
AER Rate. 
If the AER Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement AER Reference Rate"), for the 
purpose of determining the AER Reference Rate on each AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(A) 
the AER Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable 
Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement AER Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
needed to make such Replacement AER Reference Rate comparable to the 
Screen Page AER Rate, including, if applicable, to reflect any increased costs 
of the Issuer providing such exposure to the Replacement AER Reference 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement AER Reference Rate; 
(B) 
references to the AER Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to 
be references to the relevant Replacement AER Reference Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; 
(C) 
the AER Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, if applicable, will 
notify the Issuer of the Replacement AER Reference Rate, and the details 
described in (A) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and

--- Page 280 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
280 
(D) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 
of the Replacement AER Reference Rate and the details described in (A) 
above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 
p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement AER Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the AER Rate Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the AER Rate Determination Agent determines at 
a later date that the Replacement AER Reference Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the AER Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as applicable, shall 
appoint or re-appoint an AER Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which 
may or may not be the same entity as the original AER Rate Determination Agent or 
the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement AER Reference 
Rate or determining a substitute Replacement AER Reference Rate in an identical 
manner as described in this paragraph (ii). If the replacement AER Rate Determination 
Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a substitute Replacement AER Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
AER Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
If (x) an AER Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer and such agent determines that the Screen Page AER Rate has been 
discontinued but for any reason a Replacement AER Reference Rate has not been 
determined or (y) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the AER Reference 
Rate with the Replacement AER Reference Rate or any other amendment to the 
Conditions necessary to implement such replacement would result in all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Notes to be excluded from 
the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called 
or defined by then applicable regulations) and/or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Notes being excluded from 
the own funds of the Group or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the 
Group, the Issuer may decide that no Replacement AER Reference Rate or any other 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and 
the AER Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period in such case will be equal to 
the last Screen Page AER Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The AER Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as 
appointed by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as applicable; (ii) such other entity 
that the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be competent to carry 
out such role; or (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent. Such person may 
not be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, unless such 
affiliate is a regulated investment services provider. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AER Reference Rate then, in the event that 
the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such 
Minimum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Minimum AER Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AER Reference Rate then, in the event that 
the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than 
such Maximum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Maximum AER Reference 
Rate. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 5(r), the provisions 
of this Condition 3(m)(ii) shall apply.

--- Page 281 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
281 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this Condition 3(m)(ii), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent 
(as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect 
of the Notes as are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate 
Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have occurred before 
the Issue Date of the Notes. 
4. 
Payments and Physical Delivery 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, references to payment or repayment (as the case may be) 
of principal and/or interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be 
deemed also to refer to delivery of any Entitlement(s). 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Notes in fully registered form), to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments 
validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the 
Issuer in respect of such payments. 
If the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, "FX 
Settlement Disruption" will apply to the Notes, and: 
(i) 
If, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the Calculation 
Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that 
a FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to 
the relevant Disrupted Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
A. 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed to (i) 
the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer subsisting or if 
earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following the scheduled due date 
for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount (the "FX Settlement Disruption 
Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the 
scheduled Maturity Date; and 
B. 
(i) in the case of A(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount 
less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any) in the Specified Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the case of A(ii) above, in lieu of 
paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in the relevant Specified Currency, the 
Issuer will, subject to sub-paragraph (iii) below, convert the relevant Disrupted 
Amount into the FX Settlement Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement 
Disruption Exchange Rate for the relevant Disrupted Payment Date) and will 
pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less the FX Settlement Disruption 
Expenses (if any) in the FX Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX 
Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date. 
(iii) 
If sub-paragraph (ii)(A)(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures: 
A. 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid 
and offer Specified Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange

--- Page 282 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
282 
rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
B. 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and 
offer Specified Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates 
on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Settlement 
Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the 
postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 4(a), and no 
additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment. 
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these "FX Settlement Disruption" 
provisions shall prevent the Issuer from determining that an Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, the provisions 
of Index Linked Condition 4 (in the case of Index Linked Notes), Index Linked 
Condition 11 (in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes), Share Linked Condition 4 (in 
the case of Share Linked Notes), Inflation Linked Condition 3.7 (in the case of Inflation 
Linked Notes), Commodity Linked Condition 7 (in the case of Commodity Linked 
Notes), Credit Linked Condition 2(e) (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) or Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 6 (in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes), as the case may be, shall prevail in the event of any conflict. 
(vi) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount 
or such other amount payable (if any); 
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if any); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means USD; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it 
unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted Amount in the 
Specified Currency on the scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the 
Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Notes and 
(ii) any transaction, settlement or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the 
occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event or the related payment of the Disrupted 
Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos 
("ARS"), Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian Leva 
"(BGN"), Bahraini Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), 
Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Czech 
Koruna ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Euro ("EUR"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), 
Ghanian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kuna ("KRJ"), 
Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), 
Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan 
Shillings ("KES"), Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese 
Pounds "(LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican 
Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), Nigerian Naira 
("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars ("NZD"), Omani Riyals 
("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine Pesos ("PHP"), Polish Zloty

--- Page 283 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
283 
("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei ("RON"), Russian Roubles ("RUB"), 
Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor ("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai 
Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY"), United States Dollars 
("USD"), and South African Rand ("ZAR"). 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or interest is not a Payment Day, 
then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next following 
Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of any such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means (subject to Condition 9) a day on which: 
(x) 
Euroclear France is open for business (where the Notes are cleared through Euroclear 
France), 
(y) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in: 
(A) 
each Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open 
If the determination of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) due in respect of the Notes on an Interest Payment Date, Instalment Date, 
early redemption date or the Maturity Date (such date a "Scheduled Payment Date") 
is calculated by reference to the valuation of one or more Underlying Reference(s) and 
the date (or final date, as the case may be) for such valuation is postponed or delayed 
as provided in the Terms and Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms to a date 
(such date the "Delayed Date") falling after the day that is two Business Days 
preceding such Scheduled Payment Date, notwithstanding any provision to the 
contrary in the Terms and Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms, such Interest 
Payment Date, Instalment Date, early redemption date or the Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, shall be postponed to the day falling two Business Days following such 
Delayed Date and no interest or other amount shall be payable on the Notes in respect 
of such delay. 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and 
their initial specified offices are set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or to approve any change in the 
specified office of any Paying Agent, provided that: 
(A) 
so long as any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times 
be a Paying Agent with a specified office in the place required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(B) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(C) 
there will at all times at which any Note in registered form is outstanding, a 
Registration Agent (which may be the Issuer) in relation thereto. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other 
laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment or other laws and 
regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to 
Condition 6, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any

--- Page 284 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
284 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
In addition, if the Notes are deemed to be Specified Securities (as defined in the Final 
Terms) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code imposed with 
respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold 
on any "dividend equivalent" payments (as defined for purposed of Section 871(m) of 
the Code) at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment 
amount, the Issuer may withhold, and the holder may be deemed to receive 30 per 
cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) 
in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts 
to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery 
A. 
Physical Delivery 
(1) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Notes to be redeemed by delivery or (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes) Delivery of the Entitlement(s), in order to obtain delivery or Delivery of 
the Entitlement in respect of any Note, the relevant Noteholder must arrange 
for the Euroclear France Account Holder through which its Notes are held to (i) 
deliver on its behalf to the Principal Paying Agent with a copy to any entity 
appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the case may be, the 
Entitlement on its behalf (the "Delivery Agent") not later than the close of 
business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement 
and (ii) simultaneously transfer the relevant Notes to the Euroclear France 
account of the Principal Paying Agent. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect of a Note that is 
not a Credit Linked Note, the third Business Day immediately preceding the 
Maturity Date, (b) in respect of a Note that is not a Credit Linked Note where 
"SPS Accumulator AER Payout" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred, the third 
Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Date on respect of which such Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred or (c) in respect of a Credit Linked Note, the third Business Day 
immediately preceding the Physical Settlement Date (or, if earlier, the tenth 
Business Day following the NOPS Effective Date of the Notice of Physical 
Settlement). 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the 
relevant Noteholder and the person from whom the Issuer or Delivery 
Agent may obtain details for the delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(ii) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes which 
are the subject of such notice; 
(iii) 
confirm the irrevocable instruction given to the Euroclear France 
Account Holder through which the relevant Notes are held to

--- Page 285 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
285 
immediately transfer such Notes to the Euroclear France account of 
the Principal Paying Agent; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and an authority to the 
relevant Clearing System or bank to debit a specified account of the 
Noteholder with the relevant Clearing System or bank in respect 
thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(v) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and 
address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement 
is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered 
and specify the name and number of the Noteholder's account to be 
credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, including pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 5 (Physical Settlement), in respect of any cash 
amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to 
pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer electing 
to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount; 
(vi) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, 
securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with any redemption thereof; 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the French Law Agency Agreement. 
If Condition 4(b)B applies, the form of Asset Transfer Notice required to be 
delivered will be different from that set out above. Copies of such Asset 
Transfer Notice may be obtained from any Paying Agent. 
(2) 
Information of the Issuer and the Delivery Agent 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, and the relevant Notes into its 
Euroclear France account, the Principal Paying Agent will inform the Issuer 
and any Delivery Agent thereof. 
(3) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed 
and in proper form shall be made by the Principal Paying Agent, and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent(s), any 
Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out below, any 
Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or 
which is not copied to any Delivery Agent immediately after being delivered or 
sent as provided in paragraph (1) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of 
the Principal Paying Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Principal Paying Agent as provided above. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the 
manner provided below on the date fixed for redemption (such date, subject to

--- Page 286 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
286 
adjustment in accordance with this Condition, the "Delivery Date") or in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes Delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in 
the manner provided below on the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions), provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered 
as provided above on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent and Delivery Agent, on or prior to the Cut-
Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may be, 
Delivered as soon as practicable after the date fixed for redemption (in which 
case, such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) or (in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes) the original date fixed for delivery at the risk of such Noteholder 
in the manner provided below. For the avoidance of doubt, in such 
circumstances such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether 
of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date falling after the date 
fixed for redemption or the original date fixed for delivery, as applicable and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement for each Note or 
(in the case of Credit Linked Notes) Deliver the Deliverable Obligations, 
obligations and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine and 
notify to the person designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice or in such manner as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from the 
delivery of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations, 
obligations and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, as the case may 
be, in respect of such Notes shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder 
and no delivery of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations, obligations and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, as the 
case may be, shall be made until all Expenses have been paid to the 
satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(4) 
General 
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Notes 
held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining 
the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes.  The Entitlement or the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded 
down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, 
as the case may be, will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment 
calculated by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall be paid to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date of a Share or ETI Interest all dividends on the 
relevant Shares or ETI Interest to be delivered will be payable to the party that 
would receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the 
Shares or ETI Interests executed on the Delivery Date and to be delivered in 
the same manner as such relevant Shares or ETI Interests. Any such dividends 
to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid to the account specified by the 
Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in Condition 
4(b)A(1). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement as the 
Issuer or any person acting on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the 
legal owner of the securities or Deliverable Obligations, obligations and/or

--- Page 287 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
287 
other assets comprising the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"), none of 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, any Delivery Agent and any other person shall 
at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, 
except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in 
respect of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under 
any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to 
such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) be under any 
liability to a Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of 
that person being registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of 
such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations. 
(5) 
Settlement Disruption 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b)A(5) apply to Notes other than Credit 
Linked Notes. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using the 
method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms or such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is 
not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) 
having occurred and continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date 
shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of 
which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer 
may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by delivering 
the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and in such event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer 
deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other 
commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a 
Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not 
affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated 
Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by 
reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant 
Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on 
the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. Payment of the Disruption 
Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. The Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. No Noteholder 
shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Note in the event of 
any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to 
the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount", in respect of any relevant Note, 
shall be the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, where the 
Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement and such non affected Relevant Assets have been 
duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets) less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner;

--- Page 288 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
288 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer 
cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(6) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b)A(6) apply to the Notes other than Credit 
Linked Notes. 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is 
impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant 
Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where 
such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets 
(a "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity"), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions, any 
Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be 
delivered on the originally designated date of redemption in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer 
may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by 
payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day 
following the date that notice of such election is given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. Payment of the Failure 
to Deliver Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 that the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b)A(6) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" in respect of 
any relevant Note shall be the fair market value of such Note (taking into 
account, the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been duly 
delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(7) 
Additional Provisions for Credit Linked Notes 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, the provisions contained in Annex 7 – 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes" shall apply. 
B. 
Variation of Settlement 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may in respect of each such Note, 
elect not to pay the relevant Noteholders the Final Redemption Amount or to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, as 
the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement or make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification of such 
election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(ii) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in respect of each 
Note, in lieu of delivering or procuring the delivery of the Entitlement to the

--- Page 289 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
289 
relevant Noteholders, make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders. 
C. 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, in 
respect of such Notes, if the Calculation Agent determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the 
case may be, comprises shares or ETI Interests which are not freely tradable, elect 
either (i) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may 
be, an equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) of such other shares or ETI Interests which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute 
Assets", as the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the 
Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the 
relevant Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Noteholder 
on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement on 
the Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such sources as it considers 
appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such 
election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 and in the event 
that the Issuer elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice shall 
give details of the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" share or an ETI Interest shall mean (i) with 
respect to the United States, a share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, which is 
registered under the Securities Act or is not a restricted security under the Securities 
Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such share or an ETI Interest, as the 
case may be, and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such share or an ETI 
Interest, as the case may be, or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely 
tradable share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, for purposes of the Securities 
Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share 
or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer 
in such jurisdiction. 
D. 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent and the Agents shall 
have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any calculation or determination 
in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights (whether 
in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
E. 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Commodity Linked Notes shall not be redeemed by physical delivery and the provisions 
of this Condition 4(b) shall not apply to Commodity Linked Notes. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or becomes applicable depending on whether certain conditions are 
met as specified in the Final Terms) (each such Note a "Physical Delivery Note") by delivery 
of the Entitlement (as provided in Condition 4(b) above) or (in the case of a Credit Linked Note) 
at the relevant amount and/or by delivery as specified in the Credit Linked Conditions. This 
Note may not be redeemed other than in accordance with these Conditions.

--- Page 290 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
290 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the 
Maturity Date and if the Maturity Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, shall be an amount equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
Provided that if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on final 
redemption of the Note. 
The "Entitlement" shall be a quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount 
(plus any cash amount as provided herein) specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of a Credit Linked Note) the relevant obligations and/or other assets as specified in the 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The provisions of this Condition 5(b) shall not apply in the case of Notes where Condition 6(e) 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
If the Issuer would, as a result of any change in, or in the official interpretation or 
administration of, any laws or regulations of France or any other authority thereof or 
therein be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 6 (a 
"Withholding Tax Event"), the Issuer may at its option at any time (in the case of 
Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) but subject, (x) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to paragraph 
(m) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), (y) in the 
case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to paragraph (p) (Conditions to redemption prior 
to the Maturity Date of Senior Non Preferred Notes) or, (z) in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to paragraph (q) (Conditions to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes) below, on giving not more than 45 
nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 11) 
which notice shall be irrevocable, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date upon which 
the Issuer could make payment without withholding for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next due date for payment of any amount in respect of the 
Notes, be prevented by French law from making such payment notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 6 (a "Gross-Up 
Event"), then the Issuer, upon prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent may at any 
time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) but subject, (x) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to paragraph (m) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date), (y) in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to paragraph (p) 
(Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Non Preferred Notes) or, 
(z) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator"

--- Page 291 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
291 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to paragraph (q) (Conditions to 
redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes) below, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, upon 
giving not less than 7 nor more than 45 days' prior notice to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 11), provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder shall be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes or, if such date is already past, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject (x) in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, to paragraph (m) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior 
to Maturity Date), (y) in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to paragraph (p) (Conditions 
to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Non Preferred Notes) or, (z) in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior approval of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, to paragraph (q) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date of Senior Preferred Notes) below: 
(i) 
not less than the minimum notice period nor more than the maximum notice period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Notice Period") notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 11 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding 
at the Optional Redemption Amount on any Optional Redemption Date) specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
The "Optional Redemption Amount" in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Call Payout, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
Provided that if the product of the Call Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note. 
Any partial redemption must be of a nominal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount 
or a Higher Redemption Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes the redemption 
shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all the Notes in proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount redeemed by application of a pool factor. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted 
prior to five years from the date of issue thereof, except as described in Condition 5(m) 
(Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Noteholder Put) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption of the Notes at the option of the Noteholder 
is permitted. If Noteholder Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that this 
Note is not a Subordinated Note, upon a Noteholder giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 11 not less than the minimum notice period nor more than the maximum notice period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Notice Period") notice the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), such Note at the Optional Redemption 
Amount on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
The "Optional Redemption Amount" in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Put Payout, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 292 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
292 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the relevant Noteholder must (i) deliver at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the Notice Period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent 
(a "Put Notice") and in which the Noteholder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is 
required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition, and (ii) transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Notes to be redeemed to the account 
of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Notice. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to require redemption of such Notes must be exercised 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System and if there is 
any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing 
System, then the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System shall prevail. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, 
through which interests in Notes are to be held and through an account at which the Notes are 
to be cleared, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any Put Notice given by a Noteholder pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except, 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where one or more of the Events of Default are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where prior to the due date of redemption an Event 
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which event such Noteholder, at its option, 
may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 8 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
(e) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
Upon the occurrence of Capital Event (as defined below), the Issuer may (at its option but 
subject to paragraph (m) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity 
Date) below) at any time subject to having given no less than thirty (30) nor more than forty five 
(45) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with all interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014, as amended 
from time to time or such other directive as may come in effect in the place thereof (including 
by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC). 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a change in the 
Relevant Rules becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Subordinated Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, it is likely 
that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes will be 
excluded from the own funds of the Group or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds 
of the Group. 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 27 June 2013, as amended from time to time or such other directive as may come 
into effect in place thereof (including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures).

--- Page 293 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
293 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the 
Relevant Regulator, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe the requirements 
to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer. 
"CRD IV Rules" means any or any combination of the CRD IV, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures. 
"CRR" means the Regulation 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended from time to time 
or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof (including by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements, Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations (EU) No 
575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic). 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement 
thereto, or other authority (including, but not limited to any resolution authority) having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the application of the 
Relevant Rules to the Issuer and the Group. 
"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies of the Relevant Regulator relating to capital adequacy applicable to the Issuer from 
time to time including, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable rules contained in, or implementing 
the CRD IV Rules and/or the BBRD. 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it (or, if no longer used, any equivalent or successor 
term) in the Relevant Rules. 
(f) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event 
If by reason of any change in the French laws or regulations, or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, the tax regime applicable to any 
interest payment under the Subordinated Notes is modified and such modification results in the 
amount of the interest payable by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes that is tax-
deductible by the Issuer for French corporate income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des 
sociétés) purposes being reduced (a "Tax Deduction Event"), the Issuer may, subject to 
paragraph (m) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date) below, 
at its option, at any time, subject to having given no less than thirty (30) nor more than forty five 
(45) calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices)) redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
such payment with interest payable being tax deductible for French corporate income tax 
(impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes to the same extent as it was on the Issue 
Date of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes. 
(g) 
Early Redemption 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), paragraph (e) (Optional 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), paragraph (f) 
(Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event),

--- Page 294 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
294 
paragraph (o) (Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event), paragraph (r) 
(Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) and Condition 8 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement) and any circumstances where the Notes are to be redeemed prior to 
their Maturity Date at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) (each an "Early 
Redemption Event"), each Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption 
Amount") calculated as follows and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable: 
(i) 
if "Final Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
if "Calculation Amount Percentage" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Calculation Amount Percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if "Market Value less Costs" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the fair market 
value of such Note less associated costs; or 
(iv) 
if "Max of Calculation Amount Percentage and Market Value less Costs" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, at the greater of the Calculation Amount multiplied by the 
Calculation Amount Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms and the fair 
market value of such Note less associated costs; or 
(v) 
if "Max of Amortised Face Amount and Market Value less Costs" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at the greater of (i) the fair market value of such Note less 
associated costs and (ii) the Amortised Face Amount (as defined below), in each case, 
multiplied by the Early Redemption Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(vi) 
if "Amortised Face Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms an amount equal 
to the sum of: 
(1) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(2) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it 
shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Each of (i) to (vi) above, a "Calculation Method". 
The applicable Final Terms may specify different Calculation Methods for different 
Early Redemption Events. Unless specified in the applicable Final Terms, the same 
Calculation Method shall apply in respect of all Early Redemption Events. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if "Article 45b2(b) BRRD" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount specified with respect to 
Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is the amount to be taken into account 
for the purposes of Article 45b2(b) of the BRRD. This amount is fixed or increasing and 
does not exceed the initially paid-up amount of the liability. 
In addition, in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iv) above, the applicable Final Terms 
may specify different percentages for different periods during the life of the Notes, in 
which case the relevant periods will also be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchases 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time, 
purchase Senior Preferred Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. If "Prior

--- Page 295 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
295 
permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
any such purchase is subject to paragraph (q) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date of Senior Preferred Notes) below. 
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, subject to 
paragraph (p) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes) below, at any time purchase Senior Non Preferred Notes at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes: The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, subject to paragraph 
(m) (Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date) below, purchase 
Subordinated Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times 
to purchase Subordinated Notes for market making purposes provided that: (a) the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator, as required by the Relevant Rules, shall be obtained; 
and (b) the total principal amount of the Subordinated Notes so purchased does not exceed the 
lower of (i) ten (10) per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes and any further notes issued under Condition 10 (Further Issues) and (ii) 
three (3) per cent. of the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
The Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations or cancelled.  
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by the Issuer may (or, if so required by French law, 
must) be cancelled, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer. In the case of Notes cleared 
through Euroclear France, the cancellation shall be made by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France.  Any Notes so cancelled or, 
where applicable, transferred for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Instalments 
(i) 
Each Note which is redeemable in instalments will be redeemed in the Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable in instalments and 
that Instalment Adjustment is applicable, each Note will be redeemed (i) in part by 
payment of the relevant Instalment Amount on each Instalment Date and (ii) with final 
redemption being made pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Final Redemption). The Instalment 
Amount in respect of an Instalment Date will be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the product of the Calculation Amount immediately prior to 
such Instalment Date and the relevant Instalment Percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such Instalment Date. Following each Instalment 
Date, the Calculation Amount in respect of each Note shall be reduced by the relevant 
Instalment Amount and all calculations and determinations in respect of the Notes shall 
be made on the basis of the Calculation Amount as so reduced (or in the case of 
calculations and determinations made in respect of all of the Notes, the aggregate of 
the Calculation Amount as so reduced). 
(iii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable in Instalments and 
that OCA Instalment Adjustment is applicable, each Note will be redeemed (i) in part 
by payment of the relevant Instalment Amount on each Instalment Date and (ii) with 
final redemption being made pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Final Redemption). The Instalment Amount in respect of an Instalment Date will be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of the original 
Calculation Amount as of the Issue Date and the relevant Instalment Percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Instalment Date. Following 
each Instalment Date, the Calculation Amount shall be reduced by the relevant 
Instalment Amount and, save for the calculation of the Instalment Amount, all

--- Page 296 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
296 
calculations and determinations in respect of the Notes shall be made on the basis of 
the Calculation Amount as so reduced. 
(iv) 
All instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in the case 
of a definitive Bearer Note, the relevant Receipt (which must be presented with the 
Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of a definitive Registered Note, the relevant 
Note and issue of a new Note in the nominal amount remaining outstanding, all as more 
fully described in Condition 4. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (b), (c) or (d) above is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated 
as provided in paragraph (g)(vi) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
(l) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5 as amended or varied by the information 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(m) 
Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
According to Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, the Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed or 
purchased (as applicable) pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons-
Withholding Tax Event), paragraph (b)(ii) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons-Gross-up Event), 
paragraph (c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), paragraph (e) (Optional 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), paragraph (f) 
(Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event) 
or paragraph (h) (Purchases) (subject to the provisions set out in the second paragraph of the 
section relating to Subordinated Notes of paragraph (h)), as the case may be, if (to the extent 
required by any applicable law, rule or regulation) the Relevant Regulator has given its prior 
permission, as required by the Relevant Rules, to such redemption or purchase (as applicable) 
and the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
on or before such purchase or redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
replaces the Subordinated Notes with capital instruments of an equal or higher quality 
on terms that are sustainable for the Issuer's income capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that its Tier 
1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital would, following such purchase or redemption, exceed the 
capital ratios required under the CRD IV Rules by a margin that the Relevant Regulator 
may consider necessary. 
In the case of redemption of the Subordinated Notes before five years after the date of 
issuance of the relevant Series of Notes if: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (a) or (b) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the 
Relevant Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the 
Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes; or

--- Page 297 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
297 
(iii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a 
Tax Deduction Event or a Gross-up Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such Withholding Tax Event, Tax 
Deduction Event or Gross-up Event is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes, and the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by one 
of its senior officers to the Principal Paying Agent (and copies thereof will be 
available at the Principal Paying Agent's specified office during its normal 
business hours) not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date set for 
redemption that such Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or Gross-
up Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) days following 
the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
"Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to it (or, if no longer used, any equivalent or successor 
term) in the Relevant Rules. 
(n) 
Variation of ranking following a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event 
If MREL/TLAC Criteria Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
MREL/TLAC Criteria Event has occurred and is continuing in respect of a Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to (i) vary the ranking of such Notes to 
Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes for Senior 
Preferred Notes on substantially similar terms to those of the relevant Senior Non Preferred 
Notes (and not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders), except for the ranking 
of such Notes. Alternatively, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 5(o) (Optional 
Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event or a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event). 
Following such determination, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the relevant 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), specifying the details of such variation 
or substitution, as the case may be, including the date on which such variation or substitution, 
as the case may be, shall take effect and details of where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain 
copies of the new or amended terms and conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation 
will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(n) (Variation of ranking following a MREL/TLAC Criteria 
Event), "MREL/TLAC Criteria Event" means in respect of a Series of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes (i) such Notes do not comply with the criteria applicable to eligible liabilities and are 
excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements according 
to the Relevant Rules as a consequence or (ii) such Notes are deemed to fall outside the 
category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3-I-4°. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, provided that, a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event shall not occur where such Series of 
Notes is excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes is less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, 
or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet 
the MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
(o) 
Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event or a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (if specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event (each as defined above), the Issuer 
may, subject to Condition 5(p) (Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) at any time, subject to having given no less than seven (7) nor more than 
forty five (45) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all but not some only of the Notes then 
outstanding, at the Early Redemption Amount on the date specified in the notice of redemption, 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purpose of this Condition:

--- Page 298 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
298 
"MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result 
of a change in French and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of a Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, which change was not 
reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series, it 
is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Notes 
will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements 
(however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such 
requirements, provided that a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
Series of Notes is excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Notes is less 
than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or 
allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulation in France. 
(p) 
Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
Any purchase pursuant to Condition 5(h) (Purchases) and any redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 5(c) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call), Condition 5(o) (Optional Redemption of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or a 
MREL/TLAC Criteria Event) or substitution or variation of the ranking of a Senior Non Preferred 
Note following a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event pursuant to Condition 5(n) (Variation of ranking 
following a MREL/TLAC Criteria Event) is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator to the extent required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
(q) 
Conditions to redemption prior to the Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes 
If "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, any purchase pursuant to Condition 5(h) (Purchases) and any redemption of Senior 
Preferred Notes prior to the Maturity Date or pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), Condition 5(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) and 
Condition 5(r) (Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) is subject to the 
prior permission of the Relevant Regulator to the extent required by any applicable law, rule or 
regulation. 
(r) 
Redemption/Adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If "Administrator/Benchmark Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option): 
(i) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of 
the Notes as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more 
amendments and/or be made on one or more dates, (b) be determined by reference to 
any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance in relation to any 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes including 
where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure 
to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; or  
(ii) 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, having given not less than 10 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, 
each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph 
(g) above together (if applicable) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed

--- Page 299 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
299 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and payable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Notes.  In the event that under any such terms (i) any other consequences could apply 
in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event or (ii) 
any such terms contradict the terms in this Condition 5(r), the Issuer shall determine which 
terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(r): 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; 
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained 
or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, 
or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or 
(iii) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will 
suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing 
restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either 
not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of 
obtaining or renewing such licence); 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in BMR 
where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is 
determined in whole or in part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as amended from 
time to time. 
6. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: Subject to Condition 6(e), all payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: Other than in relation to payments of principal in respect of the Notes, in 
the event that any amounts are required to be deducted or withheld for, or on behalf of, any 
Tax Jurisdiction, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note:

--- Page 300 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
300 
(i) 
Other Connection:  to a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some 
connection with the a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
redemption and/or settlement amounts payable under the Credit Linked Conditions, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of 
payments of principal in relation to the Notes. 
(c) 
Certification of Non-Residency in France: Each Noteholder shall be responsible for 
supplying certification of non-French residency (a form of which shall be available at the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents or in such other form as may be required by the 
French tax authorities from time to time) in accordance with the relevant French tax provisions. 
(d) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(e) 
No Gross-Up: If Condition 6(e) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for 
payment, or enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made 
subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, 
withheld or deducted. 
7. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders on giving prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
and Euroclear France and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the 
Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of euro 
0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note 
in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, 
if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent, that the then 
market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of internationally offered 
securities is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be 
deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall

--- Page 301 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
301 
promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may 
be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (iii) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of Notes of each Noteholder 
and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that 
replacement euro-denominated Notes are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The 
payment obligations contained in any Notes so issued will also become void on that 
date although those Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the 
Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes will be issued in exchange for Notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No 
Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of 
principal or interest on the Notes; 
(iv) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes other than 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination 
Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified 
Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro 
account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(v) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a 
Fixed Interest Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any 
relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(vii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to 
conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment 
of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case 
specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 302 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
302 
8. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Events of Default 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes where one or more of the Events of Default (as defined 
below) are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Noteholder may give 
written notice to the Issuer, the Representative (if any) (as defined in Condition 12) and the 
Principal Paying Agent that all the Notes held by such Noteholder are, and they shall 
accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together, if applicable, with interest accrued to the date of repayment, in any of the 
following events ("Events of Default"): 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable in respect of such Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes or any of them when due and payable and such default is not remedied within 
30 days after the relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under such Series of 
Senior Preferred Notes and such default is not remedied within 45 days after notice of 
such default has been given to the Principal Paying Agent by any Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer ceases its payments, or a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or for a transfer of the whole of its business (cession 
totale de l'entreprise), or the Issuer is subject to similar proceedings, or, in the absence 
of legal proceedings, the Issuer makes a conveyance, assignment or other 
arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors, 
or a resolution is passed by the Issuer for its winding-up or dissolution, except in 
connection with a merger or other reorganisation in which all of the Issuer's assets are 
transferred to, and all of the Issuer's debts and liabilities (including the Notes) are 
assumed by, another entity which continues the Issuer's activities. 
(b) 
Enforcement 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes 
(unless, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, the applicable Final Terms specifies that one or 
more of the Events of Default are applicable), then the Events of Default listed in Condition 8(a) 
above shall not apply to such Notes. 
However, in each case a Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Principal Paying Agent, 
cause such Notes to become due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, 
as of the date on which such notice is received by the Principal Paying Agent, in the event that 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or 
liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of 
ten (10) years from the due date thereof and claims for payment of interest (if any) in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of five (5) years, from the due date thereof. 
10. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time (subject, for Subordinated Notes, to the prior 
information of the Relevant Regulator) without the consent of the holder of any Note to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the Issue Date, the Issue Price, the amount and date of the first interest 
payment thereon (if any) and/or the date from which interest starts to accrue (if any), such 
further notes being consolidated with and forming a single series with the Notes. Such further 
notes shall be assimilated (assimilables) to the Notes as regards their financial service provided 
that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation. 
11. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they 
are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the

--- Page 303 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
303 
mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des 
marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the 
website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where 
the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long 
as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in 
accordance with Articles 221 3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on 
the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State 
where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first such publication. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice 
required by Conditions 11(a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are listed and admitted to trading is located. 
(e) 
Notices relating to convocation and decision(s) pursuant to Condition 12 and pursuant to 
Articles R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and/or on the website 
of the Issuer (www.invest.bnpparibas.com). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 11(a), (b), 
(c), (d) shall not apply to such notices. 
12. 
Meeting and voting provisions 
In this Condition 12: 
(A) 
references to a "General Meeting" are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all 
Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise 
requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to "Notes" and "Noteholders" are only to the Notes of the Series in respect 
of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series 
in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders 
of those Notes (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), respectively; 
(C) 
"outstanding" has the meaning set out in paragraph (g) below; 
(D) 
"Electronic Consent" has the meaning set out in paragraph 12(a)(vii)(A) below; 
(E) 
"Resolution" has the same meaning set out in pargraph 12(a)(ii) below;

--- Page 304 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
304 
(F) 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
References to a Written Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a 
resolution approved by Electronic Consent; and 
(G) 
"Written Resolution Date" has the meaning set out in paragraph 12(a)(vii)(B) below. 
In respect of the meeting and voting provisions applicable to a Series of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms shall provide one of the following options: "Contractual representation of 
Noteholders/No Masse", "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", as further described in this 
Condition 12. 
Contractual representation of Noteholders/No Masse (as provided by Condition 12(a) below) 
may only apply in respect of any Tranche or Series of Notes with an initial denomination of, or 
which can only be traded in amounts of, at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency) at the time of issue. 
Full Masse (as provided by Condition 12(b) below) may apply in respect of any Tranche or 
Series of Notes but shall apply in respect of any Tranche of Notes issued (a) in France and (b) 
with an initial denomination of (or which can be traded in amounts of), less than EUR100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency) at the time of issue. 
Contractual Masse (as provided by Condition 12(c) below) may apply in respect of any Tranche 
or Series of Notes (a) issued outside France (à l'étranger), within the meaning of Article L.228-
90 of the French Code de commerce or (b) with an initial denomination of, or which can only 
be traded in amounts of, at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency) at the 
time of issue.  
(a) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders/No Masse 
If "Contractual representation of Noteholders/No Masse" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply as follows: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(a) 
the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal 
personality and acting in part through a representative of the Noteholders 
(représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, 
(b) 
the following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply: Articles 
L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-1, L.228-61 
(with the exception of the first paragraph thereof), L.228-65 (with the exception 
of (i) sub-paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), 
L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-68, L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-65, R.228-66, 
R.228-67, R.228-68, R.228-70, R.228-71, R.228-72, R.228-73, R.228-74 and 
R.228-75 of the French Code de commerce, and 
(c) 
whenever the words "de la masse", "d'une même masse", "par les 
représentants de la masse", "d'une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", 
"de la masse intéressée", "composant la masse", "de la masse à laquelle il 
appartient", "dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée" or "par un 
représentant de la masse", appear in those provisions, they shall be deemed 
to be deleted, and subject to the following provisions of this Condition 12(a). 
(ii) 
Resolution 
Subject to Condition 12(a)(i) and in accordance with the provisions of Article L.228-46-
1 of the French Code de commerce, a resolution (the "Resolution") may be passed 
(x) at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in 
paragraph 12(a)(vi) below or (y) by a Written Resolution. 
A Resolution may be passed with respect to any matter that relates to the common 
rights (intérêts communs) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 305 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
305 
A Resolution may be passed on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, (i) for a compromise or settlement, regarding rights 
which are the subject of litigation or in respect of which a judicial decision has been 
rendered, (ii) relating to a total or partial waiver of the guarantees granted to the 
Noteholders, or (iii) the amendment of any terms and provisions applicable to the 
Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither a General Meeting nor a Written Resolution has 
power, and consequently a Resolution may not be passed to decide on any proposal 
relating to (a) the modification of the objects or form of the Issuer, (b) the issue of notes 
benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which will not benefit to the 
Noteholders, (c) the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial 
transfers of assets (apports partiels d'actifs) under the demerger regime of or by the 
Issuer; or (d) the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas 
Europaea – SE) to a different Member State of the European Union. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to 
Article L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and 
prerogatives of individual creditors in the circumstances described under paragraphs 
(c) and or (d) above, including any right to object (former opposition). 
Each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence of 
its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General 
Meeting. 
The Noteholders may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all 
Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of 
the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a 
representative of the Noteholders who will file the proof of Noteholders' claim. 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General 
Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two months after such 
demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
as provided under Condition 11, not less than fifteen days prior to the date of such 
General Meeting on first convocation and, five days on second convocation. 
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris 
time, on the second Paris business day preceding the date set for the meeting of the 
relevant General Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Condition 11.

--- Page 306 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
306 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be 
chairman (the "Chairman") by a simple majority of votes present or represented at 
such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such 
vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or 
representing the highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be 
appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman 
appointed by the Issuer need not be a Noteholder. The Chairman of an adjourned 
meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting from 
which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at 
meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
(including by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders) such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
(vii) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer 
shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic 
communication 
allowing 
the 
identification 
of 
Noteholders 
("Electronic Consent"). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 11 not less 
than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution 
(the "Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied 
with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of 
their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(viii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting or a Written Resolution (including by 
Electronic Consent), shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present or 
represented at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written 
Resolution (including by Electronic Consent), they have participated in such Written 
Resolution (including by Electronic Consent) and each of them shall be bound to give 
effect to the Resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full Masse 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in 
a masse (in each case, the "Masse") which will be subject to the below provisions of this 
Condition 12(b). 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
of the Masse (the "Representative") and in part through a General Meeting . The

--- Page 307 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
307 
provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq of the French Code de commerce shall apply, as 
completed by, and subject to, the provisions of this Condition 12(b). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and 
addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the 
Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder 
as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Paris business day preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 11 not less than fifteen days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
by correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de 
commerce by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
(iv) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer 
shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
Electronic Consent. 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 11 not less 
than five days prior to the Written Resolution Date. Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-
limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will 
undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse

--- Page 308 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
308 
If "Contractual Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect 
of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse (in each case, the "Masse") which will be subject to the below provisions 
of this Condition 12(c). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code 
de commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-65 sub-paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° and 
6° of I and II, L. 228-71, R.228-63 and R.228-69 and further subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through a General Meeting. 
(ii) 
Representative 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and 
addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the 
Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder 
as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Paris business day preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 11 not less than fifteen days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
by correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de 
commerce by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
(iv) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be 
chairman (the "Chairman") by a simple majority of votes present or represented at 
such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such 
vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or 
representing the highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be 
appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman 
appointed by the Issuer need not be a Noteholder. The Chairman of an adjourned 
meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting from 
which the adjournment took place.

--- Page 309 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
309 
(v) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at 
meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
(including by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders) such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
(vi) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer 
shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
Electronic Consent. 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 11 not less 
than five days prior to the Written Resolution Date. Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-
limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will 
undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
(A) 
Each Noteholder thereof will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the 
holding of each General Meeting on first convocation or (ii) the 5-day period preceding 
the holding of a General Meeting on second convocation or, (iii) in the case of a Written 
Resolution, a period of not less than five days preceding the Written Resolution Date, 
as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will 
be proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in connection with such 
resolution, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at 
the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written 
Resolution. 
(B) 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolution once approved will be published 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 11. 
(e) 
Expenses 
If "Contractual representation of Noteholders/No Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the 
Masse and expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution, and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing through Written Resolution by the Noteholders, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under 
the Notes. 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Article L. 228-71 of the French Code 
de commerce shall apply. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the holders of 
Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 10, shall,

--- Page 310 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
310 
for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" (as defined below) 
shall not include those Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier that are held by it and not cancelled. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Conditions; 
(b) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) 
accrued to the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the 
Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Principal Paying 
Agent; 
(c) 
those Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions; 
(d) 
those Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the Conditions; 
(e) 
provided that for the purpose of attending and voting at any meeting of the Noteholders 
of the Series, those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit 
of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be 
deemed not to remain outstanding. 
(h) 
Amendment of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
Any proposed modification of any provision of Subordinated Notes (including a modification of 
the provisions as to subordination referred to in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) and, in the 
case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or, if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes, any proposed 
modification of any provision of such Senior Notes, in each case in accordance with this 
Condition 12 can only be effected subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as 
required by the Relevant Rules, to the extent required by the relevant rules. 
(i) 
Sole Noteholder 
If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified in the applicable Final Terms, if and for so 
long as the Notes of a given Series are held by a single Noteholder, the relevant Noteholder 
will exercise directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General Meetings of 
Noteholders under the Conditions whether or not a Representative has been appointed.  For 
the avoidance of the doubt if a Representative has been appointed while the Notes of a given 
Series are held by a single Noteholder, such Representative shall be devoid of powers. A 
Representative shall only be appointed if the Notes of a given Series are held by more than 
one Noteholder. 
13. 
Agents 
In acting under the French Law Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each 
of the Issuer do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency with the Noteholders 
except that (without affecting the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders to repay Notes 
and pay interest thereon) funds received by the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the 
principal of or interest on the Notes shall be held by it for the Noteholders until the expiration of 
the relevant period of prescription under Condition 9. 
14. 
Governing Law and submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction

--- Page 311 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
311 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any 
competent court located within the jurisdiction of the Cour d'Appel of Paris. 
15. 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 15, 
includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as 
defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
A. 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below); 
B. 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to 
the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which 
case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any 
such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person; 
C. 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or; 
D. 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give 
effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are the amounts payable or (in the case of 
Physical Delivery Notes), the Entitlement to be delivered on redemption of a Note, and 
any accrued and unpaid interest on a Note that has not been previously cancelled or 
otherwise is no longer due. 
(b) 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
For these purposes, the "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is: 
(i) 
any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, 
the "BRRD"), including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 
dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la 
législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended from 
time to time) ratified by the Law n°2016-1691 of 9 December 2016 relating to 
transparency, the fight against corruption and the modernisation of economic life (Loi 
no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la 
corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique) (as amended from time to time, 
this ordinance was ratified by the Law n°2016-1691); 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 
2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the "Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation"); or

--- Page 312 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
312 
(iii) 
otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity 
(or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, 
suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, 
whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in 
resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 
of the French Code monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, investment 
firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power from time to time (including the Council of the 
European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
(c) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after 
the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled 
to become due, such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under 
the laws and regulations in effect in France and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or 
other members of its group. 
(d) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to any 
remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
(e) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent for information purposes, although the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to 
send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect 
the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the 
Notes described in Condition 15(a) above. 
(f) 
Duties of the Principal Paying Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, the Issuer and each Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to take any 
directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the 
Principal Paying Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in or 
Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the 
exercise of the Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), 
then the Principal Paying Agent's duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable

--- Page 313 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
313 
with respect to the Notes following such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Pro-rating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power with respect 
to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is otherwise instructed 
by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion 
made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power will be made on 
a pro-rata basis. 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 15 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the 
exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and 
any holder of a Note.

--- Page 314 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
314 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
SPS COUPON RATES, PAYOUTS AND ENTITLEMENT AMOUNTS ............................. 314 
1.1 
SPS Coupon Rates ............................................................................................... 314 
1.2 
SPS Final Payouts ................................................................................................ 319 
1.3 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, Call Payouts and Put Payouts ................ 337 
1.4 
SPS Entitlement Amounts ..................................................................................... 343 
1.5 
Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates and FR Exit Rate ........................................... 345 
1.6 
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for SPS Coupon, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts ............................................................................................. 347 
1.7 
Greatest Period Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts ................................................................................................................ 384 
1.8 
Lowest Period Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts ................................................................................................................ 385 
1.9 
Average Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts ...... 385 
1.10 
Weighted Average Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts ................................................................................................................ 386 
1.11 
Minimum/Maximum Values ................................................................................... 387 
1.12 
General Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Entitlement Amounts
 .............................................................................................................................. 387 
2. 
FIXED INCOME COUPON RATES AND PAYOUTS ........................................................ 390 
2.1 
Fixed Income Coupon Rates ................................................................................ 390 
2.2 
Definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates ......................................................... 394 
2.3 
Fixed Income Final Payouts .................................................................................. 398 
2.4 
Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts............................................ 401 
2.5 
Definitions for Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts .................... 401 
2.6 
General definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic 
Early Redemption Payouts ................................................................................... 402 
3. 
Formulae Constituents and Completion ............................................................................ 405 
4. 
Calculation Agent ............................................................................................................... 406 
 
The following terms and conditions (the "Payout Conditions"), subject to completion in the applicable 
Final Terms, relate to the payouts in respect of the Notes.  In particular, certain sections of the Payout 
Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, as specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (the "General Conditions") and 
the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  The descriptions of the payouts, coupon 
rates and entitlement amounts and/or related provisions included in italics below do not form part of the 
Payout Conditions, are included for information purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms of 
the relevant payout, coupon rate or entitlement amount, as applicable. 
1. 
SPS COUPON RATES, PAYOUTS AND ENTITLEMENT AMOUNTS 
1.1 
SPS Coupon Rates 
The following Coupon Rate(s) will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
SPS Fixed Coupon 
If SPS Fixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i). 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A SPS Fixed Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a specified rate 
for the relevant period.

--- Page 315 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
315 
(b) 
SPS Variable Amount Coupon 
If SPS Variable Amount Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Rate(i). 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A SPS Variable Amount Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a 
specified rate for the relevant period. 
(c) 
Digital Coupon 
If Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate(i); or 
(ii) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
zero. 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a specified rate for the 
relevant period if a specified condition is met.  If the condition is not met then the Notes 
will pay no interest for that period. 
(d) 
Snowball Digital Coupon 
If Snowball Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate(i) + SumRate(i) 
Where "Sum Rate(i)" means the sum of Rate(i) for each SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but 
excluding) the last occurring Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period; or 
(ii) 
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
zero. 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Snowball Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest on the basis of 
a Digital Condition Coupon but with a memory effect. Any interest not paid in respect 
of a period may be paid at a later date if certain conditions are met. 
(e) 
Accrual Digital Coupon 
If Accrual Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"n" is the number of AC Digital Days in the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i) on 
which the AC Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of AC Digital Days in the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i). 
Rate(i) × (n/N)

--- Page 316 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
316 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
An Accrual Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest on the basis of 
a rate calculated by reference to the number of AC Digital Days on which a specified 
condition is satisfied in the relevant period. 
(f) 
Stellar Coupon 
If Stellar Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Stellar Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest, in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to a basket of Underlying 
References with the value of each Underlying Reference being subject to a cap and a 
floor.  The rate is also subject to a floor. 
(g) 
Cappuccino Coupon 
If Cappuccino Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Where "Barrier Value" is: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Condition for the relevant Underlying Reference is satisfied in 
respect of the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date: 
CapPercentage(i); or 
(ii) 
if the Barrier Condition for the relevant Underlying Reference is not satisfied in 
respect of the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date: 
Coupon Value(i,k). 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Cappuccino Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest on the basis of a 
rate calculated by reference to the average value of a basket of Underlying References 
where each value is floored and may be set at a fixed percentage (the Cap Percentage) 
if certain conditions are met. 
(h) 
Ratchet Coupon 
If Ratchet Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
(ii) 
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Ratchet Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the sum of two or more rates, 
in each case subject to a floor and if applicable a cap. 
Max (Min Coupon(i), 1
K  Max  Floor Percentage(i), Min  Cap Percentage(i), Coupon Value(i, k)   − Strike Percentage(i)
K
k=1
) 
Max (Min Coupon(i), 
1
K  × 
 Max  Floor Percentage(i), Barrier Value(i,k)  
K
k=1
– Strike Percentage (i))  
Max [  
Max Coupon Value(q) −Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor Percentage(i) , Global Floor Percentage(i)
q in Q(i)
] 
Max [  Max (Min Coupon Value(q,)- Strike Percentage(i), Local Cap Percentage(i) , Local Floor Percentage(i)), Global Floor Percentage(i)
q in Q(i)
]

--- Page 317 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
317 
(i) 
Driver Coupon 
If Driver Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Where: 
"Modified Value(i,k)" is: 
(i) 
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the 
Underlying References: 
Driver Percentage; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Coupon Value(i,k) 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Driver Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the average performance of a 
basket of Underlying References with the Underlying Reference with the "nfixed" 
highest value being replaced by a fixed percentage (the Driver Percentage). 
(j) 
Nova Coupon 
If Nova Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(ii) 
if Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Nova Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest on the basis of a rate 
calculated by reference to the value of Underlying Reference(s). The rate is also 
subject to a floor and if applicable a cap. 
(k) 
Sum Coupon 
If Sum Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 𝐶𝑊𝑎(𝑖) x ∏ ([𝐴𝑑𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛] 𝑎,𝑏(𝑖))
B
b=1
 
A
a=1
 
Where: 
"CW" is the relevant Coupon Weighting; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Sum Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated as the weighted sum of two or more interest 
rates provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Option Max Coupon 
Max (Min Coupon(i), 1
K  Max
K
k=1
 Floor Percentage(i), Modified Value(i,k)  - Strike Percentage(i)) 
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) × Max[(Coupon Value(i))
1
𝑖 − Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i), Floor Percentage(i)] 
Constant Percentage(i) + Min  Cap Percentage(i), Gearing(i) × Max [ Coupon Value(i) 
1
i −Strike Percentage(i)+Spread(i), Floor Percentage(i)]

--- Page 318 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
318 
If Option Max Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
where "A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
An Option Max Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest in respect of the 
relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated as the maximum of two or more interest 
rates provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(m) 
Transition Coupon 
If Transition Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖) ×  𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡− 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐼𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑠𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑦  
Where: 
"Base Invested Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Coupon Invested Amount0" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Invested Amounty" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or 
a SPS Coupon Valuation Period, a percentage equal to (i) the Coupon Multiplier in 
respect of such SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as the 
case may be, multiplied by (ii) the Base Invested Amount, provided that, if no Coupon 
Transition Event has occurred on or before such SPS Coupon Valuation Date or such 
SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as the case may be, Coupon Invested Amounty will be 
Coupon Invested Amount0;  
"Coupon Multiplier" or "y" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or a 
SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the number beside the relevant Coupon Transition 
Level that has been the subject of the Coupon Transition Event last occurring on or 
prior to such SPS Coupon Valuation Date or such SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as 
the case may be; 
"Coupon Transition Event" means that, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date 
or a SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the Coupon Transition Value in respect of such 
SPS Coupon Valuation Date or such SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (i) "greater than", 
(ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" any Coupon 
Transition Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Transition Event Date" means each SPS Coupon Valuation Date in respect 
of which a Coupon Transition Event has occurred; 
"Coupon Transition Level" means each percentage specified as such in the 
numbered table set out in the applicable Finals Terms; 
"Coupon Transition Rate" means (a) each Coupon Transition Level in the table set 
out in the applicable Final Terms that is (i) not a Coupon Transition Level that has been 
the subject of a Coupon Transition Event (a "Triggered Coupon Transition Event 
Level") or (ii) (A) "greater than" or (B) "less than" a Triggered Coupon Transition Event 
Level (if any), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) if "Single Trigger" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Single Coupon 
Transition Level; 
"Coupon Transition Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or a 
SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 
1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
A
Max
a=l
([Additional Coupon(i)]a).

--- Page 319 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
319 
"Initial Interest Bearing Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"Single Coupon Transition Level" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date 
or a SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the first Coupon Transition Level in the table that 
has not been the subject of a Coupon Transition Event prior to such SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as the case may be. 
Description of the Coupon Rate 
A Transition Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a rate, which is 
multiplied by the Initial Interest Bearing Amount minus the Invested Amount. The 
Invested Amount is exposed to the performance of the Underlying Reference. The ratio 
of the Initial Interest Bearing Amount and the Invested Amount will depend on whether 
a Coupon Transition Event has occurred and the Coupon Transition Rate in respect of 
which a Coupon Transition Event has been triggered. 
1.2 
SPS Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable Calculation Amount (each 
a "Final Payout") will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
SPS Fixed Percentage Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Fixed Percentage 
Notes: 
Constant Percentage 1 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 1. 
(b) 
SPS Reverse Convertible Notes 
(i) 
SPS Reverse Convertible Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Reverse 
Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; 0%) 
Where: 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × 
Loss Percentage, 0%)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect 
of which the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Range Accrual or Forward, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Forward or the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 
0); Cap Percentage);

--- Page 320 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
320 
"Range Accrual" means Min (Cap Percentage 1, Range Accrual Factor x 
Range Accrual Count) x Option 2; 
"Range Accrual Count" means the total number of Range Accrual Valuation 
Dates in the Range Accrual Observation Period where the Final Redemption 
Value is (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less 
than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Range Accrual 
Level; 
"Range Accrual Factor" means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 1 divided by the 
total number of Range Accrual Valuation Dates in the Range Accrual 
Observation Period; 
"Range Accrual Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Observation Period" means the period specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Range Accrual Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement 
Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, Provided That (aa) 
if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Payout Condition 1.2(b)(i) apply 
and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Payout Condition 
1.2(b)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage 1; 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Put or Put Spread, 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike 
Percentage; 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Forward, indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s); 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that 
depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a 
value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is 
positive the higher the number of Underlying References with a value 
above this barrier the higher the Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Range Accrual, a 
percentage that depends on how many days the Underlying 
Reference(s) is above, equal to or below (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Range Accrual Level. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Reverse 
Convertible Standard Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100%; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 321 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
321 
Min (100%, Final Redemption Value). 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises:  
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 100 per cent.; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, the minimum of 100 per cent. and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(c) 
SPS Vanilla Products 
(i) 
Vanilla Call Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Call 
Notes: 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to Constant 
Percentage 1 or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage. 
(ii) 
Vanilla Call Spread Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Call 
Spread Notes: 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 
1 or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage up to a maximum level. The maximum level is equal to the 
Cap Percentage. 
(iii) 
Vanilla Put Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Put 
Notes: 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Gearing is positive a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 
or if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage. 
(iv) 
Vanilla Put Spread Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Put 
Spread Notes: 
Description of the Payout 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing * Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage) 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing * Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Floor Percentage), Cap Percentage) 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing * Max (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value; 0) 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing * Min (Max (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value; 0); Cap Percentage)

--- Page 322 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
322 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Gearing is positive a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 
1 or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage up to a maximum level. The maximum level is equal to the 
Cap Percentage. 
(v) 
Vanilla Digital Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Digital 
Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon; or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Bonus Coupon. 
(vi) 
Knock-in Vanilla Call Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Knock-in 
Vanilla Call Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
 
(vii) 
Knock-out Vanilla Call Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Knock-out 
Vanilla Call Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing * Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage); or 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing * Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage,Floor Percentage); or

--- Page 323 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
323 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
(viii) 
SPS Range Accrual Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Range 
Accrual Notes: 
Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; 0%) 
Where: 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × 
Loss Percentage, 0%)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect 
of which the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Range Accrual or Forward, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Forward or the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 
0); Cap Percentage); 
"Range Accrual" means Min (Cap Percentage 1, Range Accrual Factor x 
Range Accrual Count) x Option 2; 
"Range Accrual Count" means the total number of Range Accrual Valuation 
Dates in the Range Accrual Observation Period where the Final Redemption 
Value is (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less 
than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Range Accrual 
Level; 
"Range Accrual Factor" means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 1 divided by the 
total number of Range Accrual Valuation Dates in the Range Accrual 
Observation Period; 
"Range Accrual Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Observation Period" means the period specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Range Accrual Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement 
Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Option is Put or Put Spread, no fixed percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage; 
 
if Option is Forward, no fixed percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier

--- Page 324 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
324 
Percentage. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage; or 
 
if Option is Range Accrual, a percentage that depends on how many 
days the Underlying Reference(s) is above, equal to or below (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Range Accrual Level. 
(d) 
Asian Products 
(i) 
Asian Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Asian Notes: 
(A) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
 
(B) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; and 
 
indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) when 
the average value is above the Strike Percentage. 
(ii) 
Asian Spread Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Asian Spread 
Notes: 
(A) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
(B) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; and 
 
indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to 
a maximum level if the average value is above the Strike Percentage. 
The maximum level is equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(iii) 
Himalaya Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Himalaya 
Notes: 
 
Where: 
"BestLockValue(i)" means the highest Underlying Reference Value on SPS 
Valuation Date(i) of the Underlying Reference(s) in Relevant Basket(i); and 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing*Max(
1
Total M ×  (Min Max Final Redemption Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor Percentage(i) , Local Cap Percentage (i))), Floor Percentage 
M
(i)
 
)
M
(i)
Percentage
Floor 
 
Local
 ,
Percentage
 
Strike
 - 
Value
 
Redemption
 
(Max(Final
M
 
Total
1
Max(
 *
Gearing
 
 1
Percentage
Constant
Percentage
Floor 
 
)),
(i)
(i)
(i)



Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing*Min(Max(
1
Total M ×  (Min Max Final Redemption Value(i) - Strike Percentage (i), Local Floor Percentage(i) , Local Cap Percentage (i))), Floor Percentage ; Cap Percentage)
M
(i)
 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing*Min Max 
1
Total M ×  (Max Final Redemption Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor Percentage(i)  ) , Floor Percentage
M
(i)
 ;  Cap Percentage  
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing*Max(
1
Total M×  max(Best Lock Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i)
M
(i)
, Local Floor Percentage(i)),0)

--- Page 325 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
325 
"Relevant Basket(i)" means, in respect of SPS Valuation Date(i), a Basket 
comprising each Underlying Reference in Relevant Basket(i-1) but excluding the 
Underlying Reference in relation to BestLockValue(i-1). 
Relevant Basket(i=1) will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; 
 
average indexation to the Underlying References above the Strike 
Percentage in accordance with the selection criteria on each Valuation 
Date where the Value of the best performing Underlying Reference in 
the Basket is calculated and then removed from the Basket for the 
following Valuation Dates, the Payout providing indexation to the 
average of those calculated Values (the BestLockValues) above the 
Strike Percentage. 
(iv) 
Talisman Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Talisman 
Notes: 
(A) 
if Mono Underlying Reference Talisman Notes is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Global Floor Percentage; [1
I ×  A(i) × Talisman Value(i)
i
i=1
] −Strike Percentage) 
Where: 
"Talisman Value(i)" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the absolute 
value of: 
Final Redemption Value(i) −AVRG Value; or 
(B) 
if Multi Underlying Reference Talisman Notes is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max  Global Floor Percentage; [1
k ×  
 Talisman Value(k)
𝑘
𝑘=1
] −Strike Percentage  
Where: 
"Talisman Value(k)" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date and the 
relevant Underlying Reference(k), the absolute value of: 
Final Redemption Value(k) −AVRG Value 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises indexation to the average value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) when the average value is above the Strike Percentage, subject 
to a minimum level of the Global Floor Percentage. 
(e) 
Auto-Callable Products 
(i) 
Autocall Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Autocall Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: 
Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in 
Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or

--- Page 326 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
326 
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event 
has occurred: 
Max(Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; 0%) 
where: 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – 
nEDS × Loss Percentage, 0%)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket 
in respect of which the relevant Final Redemption Value is (i) less than 
or equal to or (ii) less than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Range Accrual or Forward, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Forward or the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption 
Value; 0); Cap Percentage); 
"Range Accrual" means Min (Cap Percentage 1, Range Accrual 
Factor x Range Accrual Count) x Option 2; 
"Range Accrual Count" means the total number of Range Accrual 
Valuation Dates in the Range Accrual Observation Period where the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to 
or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Range Accrual Level; 
"Range Accrual Factor" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 
1 divided by the total number of Range Accrual Valuation Dates in the 
Range Accrual Observation Period; 
"Range Accrual Level" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Observation Period" means the period specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Range Accrual Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, 
Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date 
and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this 
Payout Condition 1.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Payout Condition 1.2(e)(i) apply 
and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of 
this Payout Condition 1.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:

--- Page 327 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
327 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed 
percentage plus a final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit Rate); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no 
Knock-In Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may 
differ from the above fixed percentage); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-In 
Event has occurred and Option is Put or Put Spread no fixed 
percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage; 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in 
Event has occurred and Option is Forward, no fixed 
percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in 
Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that 
depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket 
have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying 
Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage; or 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in 
Event has occurred and Option is Range Accrual, a 
percentage that depends on how many days the Underlying 
Reference(s) is above, equal to or below (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Range Accrual Level. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
Autocall One Touch Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Autocall One 
Touch Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: 
Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate; 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied a no Knock-out Event 
has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out Event 
has occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2; or 
(D) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-out 
Event has occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing × Option; 0%) 
where:
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); 
and

--- Page 328 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
328 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption 
Value; 0); Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed 
percentage plus a final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit Rate); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-
Out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ 
from the above fixed percentage); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no 
Knock-Out Event and no Knock-In Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentages); 
or 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no 
Knock-Out Event has occurred, if Option is Put or Put Spread 
but a Knock-In Event has occurred, no fixed percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below 
the Strike Percentage; or if Option is Forward, no fixed 
percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s). 
(iii) 
Autocall Standard Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Autocall Standard 
Notes: 
(A) 
If FR Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Redemption 
Condition Level: 
100% + FR Exit Rate; or 
(B) 
If FR Barrier Value is less than the Final Redemption Condition Level 
and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100% + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or 
(C) 
If FR Barrier Value is less than the Final Redemption Condition Level 
and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (100%, Final Redemption Value). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date is equal 
to or greater than the Final Redemption Condition Level, 100 per cent. 
plus a final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit Rate); 
 
if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, 100 per cent. plus a fixed percentage; or 
 
if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred, the minimum of 100 per cent. and indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s). 
(f) 
Indexation Products 
(i) 
Certi plus: Booster Notes

--- Page 329 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
329 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Booster Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); and 
 
additional indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides a limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); and 
 
additional indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage; 
 
subject to a cap of the Cap Percentage. 
(ii) 
Certi plus: Bonus Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Bonus Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + (Down Final Redemption Value); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Max (Bonus Percentage, Up Final Redemption Value)]; 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Max (Bonus Percentage, Up Final Redemption Value) – Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Cap Percentage, 0)]. 
Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the 
Bonus Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Final Redemption Value + Additional Gearing × Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, 0)] 
Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Final Redemption Value + Additional Gearing × Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage,0), Cap Percentage] 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Down Final Redemption Value - Max (Down Final Redemption Value - Cap Percentage, 0)]; or

--- Page 330 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
330 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and bonus 
percentage up to a maximum level.  The maximum level is equal to the 
Cap Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value) 
up to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(iii) 
Certi plus: Leveraged Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Leveraged Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
leveraged indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
leveraged indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. The aggregate 
indexation is limited to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage. 
 
(iv) 
Certi plus: Twin Win Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Twin Win Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [0, Gear Down * Final Redemption Value]; or 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Final Redemption Value + Additional Gearing × Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage,0)]; or 
Constant Percentage 1 + (Max(100%,100% + (1 + Additional Gearing)× (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage))); 
Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Cap Percentage, [Final Redemption Value + Additional Gearing × Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage,0)]]; or 
Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Cap Percentage, [Max(100%,100% + (1 + Additional Gearing) × (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage))]].

--- Page 331 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
331 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Min (Cap Percentage, Gear Down * Final Redemption Value)]; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
below the Strike Percentage in absolute terms; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage and up to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage 
and indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the 
Strike Percentage in absolute terms; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage. 
(v) 
Certi plus: Super Sprinter Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Super Sprinter Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption Value. 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
 
[Constant Percentage 1 + [Min (Cap Percentage, Final Redemption Value + Additional Gearing x Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage, 0))]; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Min (Cap Percentage, Final Redemption Value)]. 
Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); and 
Constant Percentage 2 + Max [Max (Gear up 1* (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value), Gear up 2 * (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage)), Floor Percentage] 
Constant Percentage 2 + Max [Max (Gear up 1 * (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value), Min (Cap Percentage - Strike Percentage, Gear Up 2 * (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage))), Floor Percentage]. 
Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption Value + Additional Gearing × Max (Final Redemption Value − Strike Percentage, 0); or

--- Page 332 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
332 
 
if a Knock-in Event occurs, additional indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides a limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to a 
maximum level; 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage up to a 
maximum level; and 
 
a maximum payout equal to Constant Percentage 1 plus the Cap 
Percentage. 
(vi) 
Certi plus: Generic Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Generic Notes: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up + Gearing Down × Option Down 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down 
Strike Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final 
Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down 
Call or Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final 
Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout provides no guarantee of a fixed percentage and comprises: 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the 
Option Up which may be subject to a maximum level; and 
 
indexation to the value (this value may differ from the value above) of 
the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which may be

--- Page 333 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
333 
subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level 
above). 
(vii) 
Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Generic Knock-in Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Down × Option Down 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down 
Strike Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final 
Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down 
Call or Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final 
Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may 
be subject to a maximum level; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
value above) through the Option Down which may be subject to a 
maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level above). 
(g) 
Certi plus: Generic Knock-out Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: Generic 
Knock-out Notes:

--- Page 334 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
334 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up x Option Up; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Down x Option Down, 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final 
Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or 
Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption 
Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject to 
a maximum level; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) 
through the Option Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which 
may differ from the maximum level above). 
(h) 
Ratchet Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Ratchet Notes: 
(i) 
if Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(ii) 
if Local Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max   
Max (Final Redemption Value(q) −Strike Percentage, Local Floor Percentage), Global Floor Percentage
q in Q(i)
  
Constant Percentage 1 + Max  Max(Min(Final Redemption Value(q) −Strike Percentage,Local Cap Percentage),Local Floor Percentage),Global Floor Percentage
q in Q(i)

--- Page 335 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
335 
Description of Payout 
The Payout provides an amount equal to the sum of the Final Redemption Values 
above the Strike Percentage subject to a floor of the Global Floor Percentage. The 
Final Redemption Values are calculated on each SPS Valuation Date during the SPS 
Valuation Period and each may be subject to a Cap and/or a floor. 
(i) 
Stellar Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Stellar Notes: 
 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises an amount equal to the sum of the Final Redemption Values 
above the Strike Percentage for each Underlying Reference in the basket (each such 
Final Redemption Value being subject to a minimum and a maximum level) subject to 
a minimum level of the Global Floor Percentage. 
(j) 
Driver Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Driver Notes: 
 
Where: 
"Modified Value(k)" is: 
(i) 
if the Final Redemption Value(k) is one of the nfixed greatest values in the 
basket of Underlying References: 
Driver Percentage; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Final Redemption Value(k). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises an amount calculated by reference to the average performance 
of a basket of Underlying References above the Strike Percentage with the Underlying 
Reference with the "nfixed" highest value being replaced by a fixed percentage (the 
Driver Percentage), subject to a minimum level of the Global Floor Percentage. 
(k) 
Sum Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Sum Notes: 
 
Where: 
"PW" is the relevant Additional Final Payout Weighting; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
Max(Global Floor Percentage, 1
K  Max[Local Floor Percentage, Min(Cap Percentage, Final Redemption Value(k))]
K
k=1
-Strike Percentage)
Max (Global Floor Percentage, 1
K  Max (Floor Percentage, Modified Value (k))-Strike Percentage
K
k=1
)
Constant Percentage 1 +  PWa ∏ [Additional Final Payout]a,b 
B
b=1
A
a=1
.

--- Page 336 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
336 
The Payout comprises a weighted sum of two or more Payouts provided in the 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Option Max Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Option Max Notes: 
 
where "A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payouts comprises a maximum of two or more Payouts provided in the Conditions 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(m) 
Transition Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Transition Notes: 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 + 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐴𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 
(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2) + 
+  𝐼𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑠𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑦×
𝑦
𝑦=1
 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑦
 − 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 3  
Where:  
"Base Invested Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Initial Underlying Allocation" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Invested Amount0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Invested Amounty" means a percentage equal to (i) the Multiplier multiplied by (ii) the 
Base Invested Amount, provided that, if no Transition Trigger Event has occurred on 
or before the SPS Redemption Valuation Date, Invested Amounty shall be the Invested 
Amount0; 
"Investment Strike Levely" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"Multiplier" or "y" means the number beside the relevant Transition Trigger Level that 
has been the subject of the Transition Trigger Event last occurring on or prior to the 
SPS Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Single Transition Trigger Level" means, in respect of a SPS Transition Valuation 
Date or a SPS Transition Valuation Period, the first Transition Trigger Level in the table 
that has not been the subject of a Transition Trigger Event prior to such SPS Transition 
Valuation Date or SPS Transition Valuation Period, as the case may be; 
"SPS Transition Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Transition Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Transition Trigger Event" means that, in respect of a SPS Transition Valuation Date 
or a SPS Transition Valuation Period, the Transition Trigger Value in respect of such 
SPS Transition Valuation Date or SPS Transition Valuation Period is (i) "greater than", 
Constant Percentage 1 +
A
Max
a=1 ([Additional Final Payout]a).

--- Page 337 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
337 
(ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" any Transition 
Trigger Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Transition Trigger Level" means each percentage specified as such in the numbered 
table set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Transition Trigger Rate" means (a) each Transition Trigger Level in the table set out 
in the applicable Final Terms that is (i) not a Transition Trigger Level that has been the 
subject of a Transition Trigger Event (a "Triggered Transition Trigger Level") or (ii) 
(A) "greater than" or (B) "less than" a Triggered Transition Trigger Level, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if "Single Trigger" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Single Transition Trigger Level; 
"Transition Trigger Value" means, in respect of a SPS Transition Valuation Date or a 
SPS Transition Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 
1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if a Transition Trigger Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus the Initial 
Underlying Allocation, multiplied by the performance of the Underlying 
Reference; or  
 
if at least one Transition Trigger Event has occurred, a fixed percentage plus 
the Initial Underlying Allocation, multiplied by the performance of the 
Underlying Reference, together with an Invested Amount, the level of which 
will depend on the Transition Trigger Level at which the Transition Trigger 
Event last occurring on or prior to the SPS Redemption Valuation Date has 
triggered, multiplied by the performance of the Underlying Reference divided 
by the Investment Strike Level less a fixed percentage. 
(n) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms any Final Payout will be subject to a cap of 
the Maximum Final Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum Final Payout, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.3 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, Call Payouts and Put Payouts 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs: 
(i) 
if SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
NA × (AER Redemption Percentage + AER Exit Rate); 
(ii) 
if SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
NA × (AER Redemption Percentage + AER CSN Rate; or, 
(iii) 
if SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be:

--- Page 338 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
338 
𝑁𝐴× [𝐸𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 + 𝐴𝐸𝑅 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐴𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
× (𝐸𝑅 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1 −𝐸𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2)
+  𝐴𝐸𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑠𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑦 
𝑦
𝑦=1
×  
𝐸𝑅 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝐴𝐸𝑅 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑦
−𝐸𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 3 ] 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout, SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout or SPS 
Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout, as applicable, will be subject to a cap 
of the Maximum SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout, Maximum SPS Target 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout or Maximum SPS Transition Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout, as applicable, and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout, Minimum SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout or 
Minimum SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout, as applicable, in each 
case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Definitions for SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
"AER Athena up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
"AER Calculation Period" means: 
(i) 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Automatic Early Redemption Date (or if none the Issue Date) to 
(but excluding) the Automatic Early Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
if AER Calculation Strike Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (and including) the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"AER CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and 
the applicable AER Day Count Fraction; 
"AER Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Exit Rate" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation 
Period, any of AER Rate, AER Athena up Rate or AER CSN Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Invested Amount0" means the percentage specified as a such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"AER Invested Amounty" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date, a 
percentage equal to (i) the ER Multiplier in respect of such SPS ER Valuation Date, 
multiplied by (ii) the Base Invested Amount, provided that, if no AER Transition Event 
has occurred on or before such SPS ER Valuation Date, AER Invested Amounty shall 
be the AER Invested Amount0; 
Min  Max  ER Floor Percentage(i), ER Gearing(i) ×  ER Value(i) −ER Strike Percentage(i) + ER Spread(i) , ER Cap Percentage(i) + ER Constant Percentage(i) 
Max  ER Floor Percentage(i), ER Gearing(i) ×  ER Value(i) −ER Strike Percentage(i) + ER Spread(i) + ER Constant Percentage(i)

--- Page 339 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
339 
"AER Rate" is as defined in Index Linked Condition 6, Index Linked Condition 13.2, 
Share Linked Condition 6, Commodity Linked Condition 6, ETI Linked Condition 13, 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 5 and Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Condition 7, as applicable; 
"AER Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AER Strike Levely" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"AER Transition Event" means that, in respect of a SPS ER Transition Valuation Date 
or a SPS ER Transition Valuation Period, the AER Transition Value in respect of such 
SPS ER Transition Valuation Date or SPS ER Transition Valuation Period is (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" any 
AER Transition Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"AER Transition Level" means each percentage specified as such in the numbered 
table set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Transition Rate" means (a) each AER Transition Level in the table set out in the 
applicable Final Terms that is (i) not an AER Transition Level that has been the subject 
of an AER Transition Event (a "Triggered AER Transition Level") or (ii) (A) "greater 
than" or (B) "less than" a Triggered AER Transition Level, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (b) if "Single Trigger" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Single AER Transition Level;  
"AER Transition Value" means, in respect of a SPS ER Transition Valuation Date or 
a SPS ER Transition Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Underlying Allocation" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Base Invested Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"ER Cap Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Floor Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Gearing" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Multiplier" or "y" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date, the number 
beside the relevant AER Transition Level that has been the subject of the AER 
Transition Event last occurring on or prior to such SPS ER Valuation Date; 
"ER Spread" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 340 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
340 
"ER Strike Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Value" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, 
the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Value 1" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date, the value from Payout 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Value 2" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date, the value from Payout 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Single AER Transition Level" means, in respect of a SPS ER Transition Valuation 
Date or a SPS ER Transition Valuation Period, the first AER Transition Level in the 
table that has not been the subject of an AER Transition Event prior to such SPS ER 
Transition Valuation Date or SPS ER Transition Valuation Period, as the case may be; 
"SPS ER Transition Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"SPS ER Transition Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS ER Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"SPS ER Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Call Payouts 
If SPS Call Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Call Payout will be: 
NA × (Call Redemption Percentage + Call Exit Rate), 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Call Payout will be 
subject to a cap of the Maximum SPS Call Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS 
Call Payout, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Definitions for SPS Call Payouts 
"Call Athena up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
"Call Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Optional Redemption Date (or if none the Issue Date) 
to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date; 
"Call Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Call CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the Call Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction; 
"Call Exit Rate" means any of Call Rate, Call Athena up Rate or Call CSN Rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Min(Max(Call Floor Percentage, Call Gearing × (Call Value −Call Strke Percentage) + Call Spread Percentage), Call Cap Percentage) + Call Constant Percentage 
Max (Call Floor Percentage, Call Gearing × (Call Value −Call Strike Percentage) + Call Spread Percentage) + Call Constant Percentage

--- Page 341 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
341 
"Call Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Call Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, 
the applicable Final Terms.  If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Call Rate is 
to be determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the Call Rate shall be calculated 
pursuant to General Condition 3(n) (in the case of English Law Notes) or General 
Condition 3(m) (in the case of French Law Notes) save that references therein to "AER" 
shall be deemed to be references to "Call"; 
"Call Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Call Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Call Value" means, in respect of an SPS Call Valuation Date or SPS Call Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Call Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"SPS Call Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(e) 
Put Payouts 
If SPS Put Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Put Payout will be: 
NA × (Put Redemption Percentage + Put Exit Rate), 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Put Payout will be 
subject to a cap of the Maximum SPS Put Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS 
Put Payout, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Definitions for SPS Put Payouts 
"Put Athena up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Min (Max (Put Floor Percentage, Put Gearing x (Put Value – Put Strike Percentage) + Put Spread Percentage), Put Cap Percentage) + Put Constant Percentage 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
"Put Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the relevant Optional Redemption Date (or if none the 
Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
"Put Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Put Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Max(Put Floor Percentage, Put Gearing × (Put Value −Put Strike Percentage) + Put Spread Percentage) + Put Constant Percentage

--- Page 342 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
342 
"Put CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the Put Rate and the 
applicable Day Count Fraction; 
"Put Exit Rate" means any of Put Rate, Put Athena up Rate or Put CSN Rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Put Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, 
the applicable Final Terms.  If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Put Rate is 
to be determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the Put Rate shall be calculated 
pursuant to Condition 3(n) in the Terms and Conditions for English Law Notes or 
Condition 3(m) in the Terms and Conditions for French Law Notes save that references 
therein to "AER" shall be deemed to be references to "Put"; 
"Put Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Put Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Put Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Put Value" means, in respect of an SPS Put Valuation Date or SPS Put Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Put Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"SPS Put Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(g) 
Automatic Early Entitlement Amount 
If Automatic Early Redemption and SPS Accumulator AER Payout are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, the Automatic Early Entitlement Amount shall be: 
 
 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝐴𝐸𝑅 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒(𝑖) + 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝐴𝐸𝑅 𝐴𝑑𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒(𝑖) 
𝐼𝐴𝐸𝑅
𝑖=1
, 
provided that, the Automatic Early Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the 
nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered; 
plus an amount payable by the Issuer equal to: 
𝑁𝐴−𝐴𝐸𝑅 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 × 𝐹𝑋𝐴𝐸𝑅× 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 
× 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
(h) 
Definitions for SPS Accumulator AER Payout 
"AER Accumulator Condition" means that, in respect of an AER Accumulator 
Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value in respect of such day is (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "less than", (iii) "equal to or greater than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the AER Accumulator Level;  
"AER Accumulator Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 343 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
343 
"AER Accumulator Period" means the period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to 
(and including) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"AER Accumulator Valuation Date" means each Scheduled Trading Day in the AER 
Accumulator Period; 
"AER Additional Share Value" means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"AER Number" is equal to the Automatic Early Entitlement Amount for the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Daily AER Additional Share(i)" means, in respect of an AER Accumulator Valuation 
Date: 
(i) 
if the AER Accumulator Condition is satisfied in respect of such AER 
Accumulator Valuation Date, the AER Additional Share Value; or 
(ii) 
if the AER Accumulator Condition is not satisfied in respect such AER 
Accumulator Valuation Date, zero; 
"Daily AER Share(i)" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"FXAER" means the Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (or if that is not a Business Day the immediately 
succeeding Business Day); and 
"IAER" means the total number of in the AER Accumulator Period. 
1.4 
SPS Entitlement Amounts 
The following Entitlement Amounts (each an "Entitlement Amount") will apply to the Notes if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in Payout Condition 1.4(c) below: 
(a) 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Worst Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(b) 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Best Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(c) 
Delivery of the Underlying 
NA × Redemption Payout /  Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × FX(i)   
NA × Redemption Payout /  Best Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × FX(i)

--- Page 344 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
344 
If Delivery of the Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
NA x Redemption Payout / (Underlying Reference Closing Price Value x FX(i)) 
Where: 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value on the relevant SPS Valuation Date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(d) 
Delivery of Accumulator Underlying 
If Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
  𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒(𝑖) + 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝐴𝑑𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒(𝑖) 
𝐼
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
"Accumulator Condition" means that, in respect of an Accumulator Valuation Date, 
the Underlying Reference Value for such day is (i) "greater than", (ii) "less than", (iii) 
"equal to or greater than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Accumulator Level;  
"Accumulator Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Accumulator Period" means the period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (and 
including) the SPS Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Accumulator Valuation Date" means each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Accumulator Period; 
"Additional Share Value" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Daily Additional Share(i)" means, in respect of an Accumulator Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if the Accumulator Condition is satisfied in respect of such Accumulator 
Valuation Date, the Additional Share Value; or 
(ii) 
if the Accumulator Condition is not satisfied in respect of such Accumulator 
Valuation Date, zero; 
"Daily Share(i)" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"I" means the total number of Accumulator Valuation Dates in the Accumulator Period. 
(e) 
Rounding and Residual Amount 
(i) 
Unless Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the 
nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered and in lieu 
thereof the Issuer will pay an amount equal to: 
 
"FX(k,i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day; 
"Number(k,i)" is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying 
Reference(k) and SPS Valuation Date(i); and 
NA × Redemption Payout − 
Number (k, i) ∗ FX(k,i)
 ∗ Underlying Reference Closing Price Value
𝐾
𝑘=1
 (k,i)

--- Page 345 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
345 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying 
Reference(k). 
(ii) 
If Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the 
nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered and the Issuer 
will also pay an amount equal to: 
𝑁𝐴−𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟× 𝐹𝑋× 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
Where: 
"FX" means the Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
(or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day); and 
"Number" is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant SPS Valuation Date. 
1.5 
Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates and FR Exit Rate 
(a) 
Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates 
"AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AC Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(i) 
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
DC Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is (i) equal to or 
greater than the relevant AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down and (ii) less 
than or equal to the relevant AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up; or 
(ii) 
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the DC Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is equal to 
or greater than AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down; 
"AC Digital Day" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business Day, 
Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, SPS Coupon Valuation Date or other 
day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon" means each Coupon Rate, Rate or Divider Additional Coupon 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Condition" means that Coupon Value for the relevant Underlying Reference 
for the relevant SPS Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or 
greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Barrier Level; 
"Barrier Level" means, amount or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 346 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
346 
"Digital Coupon Condition" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; 
"Divider Additional Coupon" means a value equal to 1 divided by the relevant Coupon 
Rate or Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Driver Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Final Redemption Condition Level" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Condition Level 2" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"nfixed" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Snowball Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Snowball Date" means each date on which the relevant Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition is satisfied or the last day of any SPS Coupon Valuation Period in which the 
Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied; 
"Snowball Digital Coupon Condition" means that the Snowball Barrier Value for the 
relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Snowball Level; 
"Snowball Level" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Coupon Valuation Date" means each AC Digital Day, Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date, Pricing Date, Settlement Price Date and/or Underlying Interest Determination 
Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Vanilla Call Rate" means: 
 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" means: 
 
(b) 
Definitions for FR Exit Rate 
"FR Athena up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i)
 ∗ Max  Coupon Value(i) −Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i), Floor Percentage(i) ;  and  
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) ∗ Min Max  Coupon Value(i) −Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i), Floor Percentage(i) ; Cap Percentage(i) . 
Min(Max(FR Floor Percentage, FR Gearing × (FR Value −FR Strike Percentage) + FR Spread), FR Cap Percentage) + FR Constant Percentage

--- Page 347 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
347 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
"FR Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Final Valuation Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the Final Valuation Date; 
"FR Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FR Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FR CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the 
applicable FR Day Count Fraction; 
"FR Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Exit Rate" means any of FR Rate, FR Athena up Rate or FR CSN Rate as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FR Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the applicable Final Terms specify that the FR Rate is to be 
determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the FR Rate shall be calculated pursuant 
to General Condition 3(n)(in the case of English Law Notes) or General Condition 3(m) 
(in the case of French Law Notes), save that references therein to "AER" shall be 
deemed to be references to "FR"; 
"FR Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FR Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FR Value" means, in respect of an SPS FR Valuation Date or SPS FR Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS FR Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"SPS FR Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.6 
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for SPS Coupon, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts 
(a) 
Basic Value Definitions 
Max(FR Floor Percentage, FR Gearing × (FR Value −FR Strike Percentage) + FR Spread) + FR Constant Percentage

--- Page 348 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
348 
"Count Observation Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Count Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the number of SPS 
Valuation Dates during such SPS Valuation Period in respect of which the Count 
Observation Value is (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or 
(iv) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Count Barrier; 
"FX Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, a value equal to: 
(i) 
the Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by the Underlying 
Reference FX Strike Level; or 
(ii) 
if Inverse FX Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying 
Reference FX Strike Level divided by the Underlying Reference FX Level for 
such day; or 
(iii) 
if Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
the Underlying Reference FX Strike Level; or 
(iv) 
if Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level for such day divided by 
the Underlying Reference FX Strike Level; 
"TWAP Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the arithmetic average 
of (i) in the case of Share Linked Notes, the Intraday Prices or (ii) in the case of Index 
Linked Notes, the Intraday Levels observed at each TWAP Interval during the TWAP 
Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in the definition of 
"TWAP Period". 
Where: 
"TWAP End Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, 11:59:59 p.m. (CET); 
"TWAP Interval" means every minute, every 5 minutes, every 10 minutes or such other 
interval of time, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"TWAP Period" means the period from (and including) the TWAP Start Time to (but 
excluding) the TWAP End Time on a SPS Valuation Date, provided that, if that the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner is unable to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements required to calculate any Intraday Price 
or Intraday Level, as applicable, in respect of the relevant period, then the period for 
determining the TWAP Value shall be extended to the earlier of (i) such time at which 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is able to acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of such hedging arrangements and (ii) the 
TWAP End Time on the following Scheduled Trading Day, provided further that, if the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner is unable to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of such hedging arrangements as aforesaid, subject as provided in Index 
Linked Condition 4 (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Share Linked Condition 4 (in 
the case of Share Linked Notes), as the case may be, the TWAP Value for such TWAP 
Period shall be a value calculated by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner as the time weighted average price of the relevant 
Underlying Reference for such period having regard to the then prevailing market 
conditions, the last calculated time weighted average price and such other factors as 
the Calculation Agent determines relevant; 
"TWAP Start Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, 00:00:01 a.m. (CET);

--- Page 349 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
349 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation 
Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index or Custom Index, the Closing 
Level; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian 
Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
(iv) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, 
the Relevant Price; 
(v) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund (other than a Euro Fund), the 
NAV per Fund Share; 
(vi) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund Index, the Settlement Price; 
(vii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Euro Fund, the Gross Rate of Return 
or the Provisional Minimum Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
as of the most recent Euro Fund Valuation Date; 
(viii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement 
Price; 
(ix) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate; or 
(x) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, 
in each case in respect of such day, provided that, if (i) VWAP Underlying Reference 
Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value will be the VWAP Value in respect of the Underlying 
Reference in respect of such day or (ii) TWAP Underlying Reference Value is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value will be the TWAP Value in respect of the Underlying Reference in respect of such 
day; 
"Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a day, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
Provided That the Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value on the Strike Date is the 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Initial Underlying Reference FX 
Hedged Value. 
Where:  
"FXt" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is 
derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on such day or if such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day or, 
if such rate of exchange is not available from such sources at such time, the rate of 
exchange determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, provided that FXt on the Strike Date is the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX Initial. 
"FXt-1" means, in respect of a day, FXt on the Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
immediately preceding such day. 
























1
1
1
1
Index
Index
1
Value
 
Hedged
 
FX
 
Reference
 
Underlying
Value
 
Hedged
 
FX
 
Reference
 
Underlying
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
FX
FX
FX
FX

--- Page 350 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
350 
"Indext" means, in respect of a day, the level of the relevant Custom Index published 
by the Index Sponsor in respect of such day or if such day is not a Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if the level of the Custom 
Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor on such day, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Custom Index acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, provided that Indext on the Strike Date is 
the level specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index Initial Value. 
"Indext-1" means, in respect of a day, Indext on the Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Underlying Reference FX Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a day, the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange 
pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the 
source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such 
Underlying Reference on such day; 
"Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a day, the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates 
of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and 
determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day, provided that, if the TWAP 
Period in respect of such day is postponed in accordance with the proviso to the 
definition of "TWAP Period", the Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level in respect of 
such Underlying Reference shall be the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is 
derived) and determined from the source(s) as aforesaid, determined at the time 
selected by the Calculation Agent on the date on which the TWAP Value in respect of 
such day is calculated; 
"Underlying Reference FX Strike Level" means in respect of an Underlying 
Reference: 
(i) 
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if FX Closing Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference on the Strike 
Date; or 
(iii) 
if FX Maximum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the greatest Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for 
all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(iv) 
if FX Minimum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for 
all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v) 
if FX Average Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference FX Levels for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the Strike Date; or 
(iii) 
if Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the greatest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or

--- Page 351 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
351 
(iv) 
if Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v) 
if Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Values for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(vi) 
if Barrier Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date and (y) 
the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(vii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the greatest 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for 
all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike 
Price; or 
(viii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for 
all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike 
Price; or 
(ix) 
if Barrier Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Values for such Underlying Reference 
for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike 
Price; and 
"VWAP Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, the volume 
weighted average price of such Underlying Reference on such day published by the 
VWAP Source at the VWAP Specified Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, provided that, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, no such volume weighted average price can be 
determined in respect of such day, the VWAP Value for such day shall be a value 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as the volume weighted average price of such Underlying 
Reference for such day having regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last 
published volume weighted average price and such other factors as the Calculation 
Agent determines relevant. 
Where: 
"VWAP Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"VWAP Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation 
Date, (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of 
such day minus (b) 100 per cent.; 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the immediately preceding SPS 
Valuation Date (b) less 100 per cent.; 
"Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an 
Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation Date, (a) the Underlying Reference Closing

--- Page 352 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
352 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the date (the "SPS EndDay Valuation 
Date") falling nEnd days after such SPS Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" means: 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, an ETI, a Commodity or a 
Commodity Index, the Intraday Price; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided 
by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price, and (b) if FX Conversion is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value 
for such Underlying Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the 
immediately preceding SPS Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an 
Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the date (the "SPS StartDay Valuation 
Date") falling nStart days prior to such SPS Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference EndDay Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) 
Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a SPS Valuation Date, the product of all Underlying Reference TOM Restrike 
Values for all SPS Valuation Dates prior to and including such SPS Valuation Date in 
respect of an Underlying Reference; and 
"Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
SPS Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant 
Underlying Reference Strike Price and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value or, if Underlying Reference 
Inverse Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Underlying 
Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (ii) divided by the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of 
such SPS Valuation Date and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value. 
(c) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Underlying 
Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date 
multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Best Delta One Div Mono Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the highest Delta 
One Div Mono Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such 
ACT Day; 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest 
Underlying Reference Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in 
respect of such SPS Valuation Date;

--- Page 353 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
353 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest Underlying 
Reference Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date; 
"Combination Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 +  𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑎∏ [𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒]𝑎,𝑏 
𝐵
𝑏=1
𝐴
𝑎=1
 
provided that, if "Absolute Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Combination Value will be the absolute value of the value calculated in 
accordance with the formula above. 
Where: 
"A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"a" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"B" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"b" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Value Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Max Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 + Max
𝑎=1 𝑡𝑜 𝐴[𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒]𝑎 
Where: 
"A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"a" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Min Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 + Min
𝑎=1 𝑡𝑜 𝐴[𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒]𝑎 
Where: 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"a" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the 
relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference 
Value in respect of the Underlying Reference with the Ranking in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Ranking" means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Underlying Reference by Underlying Reference Value from lowest Underlying 
Reference Value to greatest Underlying Reference Value in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date; 
"Worst Delta One Div Mono Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the lowest 
Delta One Div Mono Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of 
each ACT Day; 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest 
Underlying Reference Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in respect of such 
SPS Valuation Date; and

--- Page 354 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
354 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying 
Reference Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date. 
(d) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet
= Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet−1  
× [Constant Percentage 1 + Wt−1 ( BasketERt
BasketERt−1
−Constant Percentage 2)
+ (1 − Wt−1) ×  Constant Percentage 3 + Leverage Ratet−1 × Act(t −1, t)
360
 ]
× [1 −AF × Act(t −1, t)
360
] ; or  
(ii) 
if Total Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet
= Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet−1  
× [Constant Percentage 1 + Wt−1 ( Baskett
Baskett−1
−Constant Percentage 2) + (1 − Wt−1)
×  Constant Percentage 3 + (Reference Ratet−1 +  Leverage Ratet−1)
× Act(t −1, t)
360
 ] × [1 −AF × Act(t −1, t)
360
], 
provided that the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the Strike Date is 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0. 
(e) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Date and 
a Strategy Business Day; 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but 
excluding) the ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such 
ACT Day; 
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Baskett-st*" means a hypothetical basket of Underlying References, which the 
Calculation Agent will use to determine the volatility of the Basket over the preceding x 
ACT Days where Volxt applies or the preceding y ACT Days where Volyt applies and 
is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−𝑠
𝑡∗=  𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡
𝑛
𝑘=1
× 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−𝑠 
"BasketER0" means 1; 
"BasketERt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡−1 𝑥 [ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1
−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
] 
provided that BasketERt for the Initial ACT Day will be BasketER0;

--- Page 355 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
355 
"BasketERt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the BasketERt for the ACT Day 
immediately preceding such day; 
"Baskett" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1 𝑥 [1 +  𝑃𝑘
𝑛
𝑘=1
 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−1
−1 ] 
provided that Baskett for the Initial ACT Day will be Basket Level0; 
"Baskett-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Baskett for the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day; 
"Basket Level0" means 1; 
"FX Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the rate 
of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to 
which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and 
at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
Underlying Reference on such ACT Day, provided that if such rate of exchange is not 
available from such sources at such time, the rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, 
provided that FX Levelk,t on the Strike Date is the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as FX Initial. 
"Initial ACT Day" means the day falling y ACT Days immediately preceding the Strike 
Date or if that is not an ACT Day and (i) if Preceding ACT Day is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the immediately preceding ACT Day, or (ii) if Following ACT 
Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately succeeding ACT Day; 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, (a) the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there 
is no Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is 
a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Custom Index Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes) or a 
Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) (such day a 
"Disrupted Level Day"); and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will 
be the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT 
Day which is not a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will 
be the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately 
preceding ACT Day which is not a Disrupted Level Day,  
and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for 
Underlying Reference k, multiplied by FX Levelk,t. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day;  
"Leverage Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Leverage Floating 
Rate Option in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the 
Leverage Floating Rate Option Page at the Leverage Floating Rate Option Time (the 
"Original Leverage Floating Rate"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not 
appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a permanent or indefinite 
cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be 
published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate for such ACT Day acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In

--- Page 356 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
356 
determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any source(s) 
it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Leverage Floating Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Leverage Floating Rate; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Leverage Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Leverage Floating Rate, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an ACT Day that such rate is no longer 
comparable to the Original Leverage Floating Rate or no longer constitutes an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent ACT Day. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further replacement 
rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or each successor page or source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Leverage Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Leverage Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
if W Leverage Rate is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
(x) Wt-1 is greater than 100 per cent., the fixed rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (y) Wt-1 is equal to or less than 100 per cent, 0 per cent. 
"ln" means the natural logarithm; 
"Max Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Min Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"n" means the number of Underlying References in the Basket;

--- Page 357 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
357 
"NSkt" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡= 𝑃𝑘𝑥 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
 
"Pk" means the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day; 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating 
Rate Option in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the 
Reference Floating Rate Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the 
"Original Reference Floating Rate"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not 
appear on such page at such time. (ii) there has been a permanent or indefinite 
cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be 
published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate, for such ACT Day acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In 
determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any source(s) 
it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Reference Floating Rate; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an ACT Day that such rate is no longer 
comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or no longer constitutes an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent ACT Day. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further replacement 
rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or each successor page or source as determined 
by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 358 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
358 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for such day as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business 
Day Centre(s); 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Volatility" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Tolerance" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, 
Exchange Business Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index 
Business Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other 
day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0" means 100 per cent; 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, 
the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day; 
"Volxt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Vol xt = √252 × √
x
x −1 × [1
x   ln  
Baskett−x+q
t∗
Baskett−x+q−1
t∗
  
2
−
q=x
q=1
(1
x  ln  
Baskett−x+q
t∗
Baskett−x+q−1
t∗
  
i=x
i=1
)
2
] 
"Volyt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Vol yt
= √252 × √
y
y −1 × [1
y   ln  
Baskett−y+q
t∗
Baskett−y+q−1
t∗
  
2
−
q=y
q=1
 1
y  ln  
Baskett−y+q
t∗
Baskett−y+q−1
t∗
  
i=y
i=1
 
2
] 
"W0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Wt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑊𝑡= 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒; 𝑊𝑡
∗) 
provided that, Wt on the Strike Date is W0; 
"WtTarget" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Wt
Target = Max [Min(Max Exposure; 
Target Volatility
Max(Vol xt ; Vol yt)); Min Exposure]  
"Wt-1Target" means, in respect of an ACT Day, WtTarget on the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day;

--- Page 359 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
359 
"Wt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Wt on the ACT Day immediately preceding 
such day; 
If Lag 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "W*t-1" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "W*t-1" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t-1" means Wt. 
If Lag 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms then "W*1 = W1 = Wini" means the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the weighting on the immediately following day ("Wt+1") is equal to Wt and: 
(i) 
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1. 
If Wt+1 ≠ Wt and: 
(i) 
𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) × 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) × 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1; 
"x" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"y" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Underlying Reference TIPP Value 
"Underlying Reference TIPP Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑇𝐼𝑃𝑃 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡=
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑇𝐼𝑃𝑃 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥 (𝑊𝑡−1 𝑥 
𝑅𝑈𝑡
𝑅𝑈𝑡−1 𝑥 [1 −𝑅𝑖𝑠𝑘𝑦 𝐹𝑒𝑒𝑠 𝑥
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
] +
 (1 − 𝑊𝑡−1) 𝑥 
𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡
𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡−1)  𝑥 (1 −𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑒𝑒𝑠 𝑥
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
) 
provided that (i) the Underlying Reference TIPP Value on the Strike Date is Underlying 
Reference TIPP Value0 and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying 
Reference TIPP Valuet will be no greater than the Max Valuet and no less than the Min 
Valuet, each as defined in Payout Condition 1.6(i) below. 
(g) 
Automatic Early TIPP Value 
"Automatic Early TIPP Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, 𝑊𝑡 in respect of 
such day as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of 
Payout Condition 1.6(i) below. 
(h) 
HWM Value 
"HWM Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or if higher HWMt in respect of such day as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Payout Condition 1.6(i) 
below. 
(i) 
Underlying Reference TIPP Value, Automatic Early TIPP Value and HWM Value 
Definitions 
"A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Date and 
a Strategy Business Day;

--- Page 360 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
360 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but 
excluding) the ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such 
ACT Day; 
"ConstantMa" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"CP1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"CP2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Distancet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐷𝑖𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡= 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑇𝐼𝑃𝑃 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−𝐺% 𝑥 𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑇𝐼𝑃𝑃 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
 
"Floor" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, the resulting 
value of the calculation within such brackets is rounded down to the nearest whole 
number; 
"G%" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"H%" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"HWM0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"HWMt" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if MaxNav is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max
𝑡𝑖∈𝐼(𝐻% ;  𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑇𝐼𝑃𝑃 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡𝑖) 
(ii) 
if LockWin is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(A) 
such ACT Day is also a Lockin Date, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡= 𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡𝑖∗+ 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑖𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟 ×
 Max (𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑇𝐼𝑃𝑃 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡𝑖∗ ; 0); otherwise 
(B) 
such ACT Day is not a Lockin Date, then 𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡 in respect of the Lockin 
Date immediately preceding such ACT Day, provided that HWMt on 
the Strike Date is HMW0; 
(iii) 
if Step is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡= 𝐻𝑊𝑀0 + 𝐶𝑃2 × Floor (
Max(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑇𝐼𝑃𝑃 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡−1,0)
𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑝
); or 
(iv) 
otherwise, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if not 
so specified, Underlying Reference TIPP Value0; 
"HWMt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, HWMt in respect of the immediately 
preceding ACT Day; 
"HWMti*" means, in respect of a Lockin Date, HWMt in respect of the Lockin Date 
immediately preceding such Lockin Date, provided that HWMti* on the Strike Date is 
HWM0; 
"I" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial ACT Day" means the day falling 60 ACT Days immediately preceding the Strike 
Date; 
"Lockin Date" or "ti" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if such date is not an ACT Day and: 
(i) 
if Preceding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Lockin Date shall be the immediately preceding ACT Day; or

--- Page 361 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
361 
(ii) 
if Following ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Lockin Date shall be the immediately succeeding ACT Day; 
"Lockin Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Ln" means natural logarithm; 
"Max Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Max Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max𝑎=1
𝐴
(𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑀𝑎 𝑥 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑎) 
"Min Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Min Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min𝑎=1
𝐴
(𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑀𝑎 𝑥 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑎); 
"Multipliert" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
CP1; or 
(ii) 
the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛(100% ;
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦𝑡
𝑉𝑅𝑒𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑒𝑑𝑡
) 𝑥 𝐶𝑃1; or 
(iii) 
the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[ 
𝑃𝑅𝑈
𝑘
𝑁𝑘 𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛 100% ;
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦𝑡𝑘
𝑉𝑅𝑒𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑒𝑑𝑡𝑘
 
𝑁𝑅𝑈
𝑘=1
]
−1
×  𝑀𝑖𝑛(100% ;
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦𝑡
𝑉𝑅𝑒𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑒𝑑𝑡
) 𝑥 𝐶𝑃1, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Nk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the percentage or amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NNRU" means the number of Underlying References in the NRU Basket; 
"NRU" means the number of Underlying References in the RU Basket; 
"NRU0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NRU Basket" means a basket composed of each Fund or each Underlying Interest 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NRUt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, then: 
𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡= 𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡−1 × [1 +  𝑃𝑁𝑅𝑈
𝑘
𝑁𝑁𝑅𝑈
𝑘=1
× (𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡
𝑘−1)] ; or 
 
(ii) 
otherwise:

--- Page 362 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
362 
𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡= 𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡−1 × [1 +  𝑃𝑁𝑅𝑈
𝑘
𝑁𝑁𝑅𝑈
𝑘=1
×  𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡
𝑘
𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡−1
𝑘
−1 ] ; 
 
"NRUt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, NRUt for the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day; 
"NRUtk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share in respect of 
such day, provided that, if there is no NAV per Fund Share in respect of such 
day, the NAV per Fund Share in respect of the immediately succeeding Fund 
Business Day; or 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑁𝑅𝑈𝑡
𝑘= 1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1
𝑘 𝑥 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
; 
"NRUt-1k" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, NRUtk for 
the ACT Day immediately preceding such day; 
"PNRUk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference in the NRU Basket, the relevant 
Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"PRUk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference in the RU Basket, the relevant 
Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Protection Fees" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the day specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating 
Rate Option in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the 
Reference Floating Rate Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the 
"Original Reference Floating Rate"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not 
appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a permanent or indefinite 
cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be 
published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate for such ACT Day acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In 
determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) 
it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Reference Floating Rate; or

--- Page 363 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
363 
(iii) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an ACT Day that such rate is no longer 
comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or no longer constitutes an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent ACT Day. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further replacement 
rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the interest rate and designated maturity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or such successor page or source as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Ratet-1k" means, in respect of an ACT Day, (i) the fixed rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for such day plus (ii) a 
percentage, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Risky Fees" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RU0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RU Basket" means a basket composed of each Index, Custom Index, Share or ETI 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RUt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑅𝑈𝑡= 𝑅𝑈𝑡−1 × [1 +  
𝑃𝑅𝑈
𝑘
𝑁𝑅𝑈
𝑘=1
× (
𝑅𝑈𝑡
𝑘
𝑅𝑈𝑡−1
𝑘
−1)] 
provided that, RUt for the Initial ACT Day will be RU0; 
"RUt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, RUt for the ACT Day immediately preceding 
such day; 
"RUtk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day or (in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, Custom Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes) such day is a 
Disrupted Day (such day a "Disrupted Level Day"); and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, RUtk will be 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT 
Day which is not a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, RUtk will be 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding 
ACT Day which is not a Disrupted Level Day;  
"RUt-1k" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day;

--- Page 364 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
364 
"Step" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business 
Day Centre(s); 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Volatilityt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, (i) the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if not so specified, VRealizedt; 
"Target Volatilitytk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, 
(i) the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if not so 
specified, VRealizedtk; 
"ti*" means, in respect of a Lockin Date, the Lockin Date immediately preceding such 
day; 
"Tolerance" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference TIPP Value0" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference TIPP Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the 
Underlying Reference TIPP Value on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day; 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, 
Exchange Business Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index 
Business Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other 
day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuea" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 
1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Vol20t" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑜𝑙20𝑡= √252 𝑥 √
20
19 𝑥 [
1
20  
 𝐿𝑛(
𝑅𝑈𝑡−20+𝑞
𝑅𝑈𝑡−20+𝑞−1)
2
 −(
1
20  
𝐿𝑛(
𝑅𝑈𝑡𝑡−20+𝑞
𝑅𝑈𝑡−20+𝑞−1)
𝑞=20
𝑞=1
)
2
𝑞=20
𝑞=1
] ; 
"Vol20tk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑜𝑙20𝑡
𝑘= √252 × √20
19 × [
1
20  
 𝐿𝑛(
𝑅𝑈𝑡−20+𝑞
𝑘
𝑅𝑈𝑡−20+𝑞−1
𝑘
)
2
 −(
1
20  
𝐿𝑛(
𝑅𝑈𝑡−20+𝑞
𝑘
𝑅𝑈𝑡−20+𝑞−1
𝑘
)
𝑞=20
𝑞=1
)
2
𝑞=20
𝑞=1
] ; 
"Vol60t" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑜𝑙60𝑡= √252 𝑥 √
60
59 𝑥 [
1
60  
 𝐿𝑛(
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞−1)
2
 − 
1
60  
𝐿𝑛
𝑞=60
𝑞=1
(
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞−1) 
2
𝑞=60
𝑞=1
] ; 
"Vol60tk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑜𝑙60𝑡
𝑘= √252 × √
60
59 × [
1
60  
 𝐿𝑛(
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞
𝑘
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞−1
𝑘
)
2
 − 
1
60  
𝐿𝑛
𝑞=60
𝑞=1
(
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞
𝑘
𝑅𝑈𝑡−60+𝑞−1
𝑘
) 
2
𝑞=60
𝑞=1
]; 
"VRealizedt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑅𝑒𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑒𝑑𝑡=  𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑉𝑜𝑙20𝑡; 𝑉𝑜𝑙60𝑡);

--- Page 365 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
365 
"VRealizedtk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑅𝑒𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑒𝑑𝑡
𝑘=  𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑉𝑜𝑙20𝑡
𝑘; 𝑉𝑜𝑙60𝑡
𝑘); 
"WtTarget" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑊𝑡
𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡= Min[Max Exposure; Max(Min Exposure; 𝐷𝑖𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡× 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟𝑡)] 
provided that WtTarget on the Strike Date is W0Target; 
"Wt-1Target" means, in respect of an ACT Day, WtTarget on the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day; 
"Wt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent with of lag of two ACT Days by reference to Wt in respect of the immediately 
preceding ACT Days, as set out below, provided that Wt on the Strike Date is W0 and 
where "W1", "W0" and "W0Target" each mean the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"W0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Wt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if 𝑊𝑡−3 = 0 per cent. and/or if 𝐷𝑖𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡≤𝑌% then "Wt-1" means 0 per cent.; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if 𝑊𝑡−3 < (1 −Tolerance) × 𝑊𝑡−3
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 or 𝑊𝑡−3 > (1 + Tolerance) ×
 𝑊𝑡−3
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡  then "Wt-1" means Wt-3Target; 
(B) 
if 
(1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) × 𝑊𝑡−3
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡≤𝑊𝑡−3 ≤(1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) × 𝑊𝑡−3
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 
and: 
(1) 
if 𝑊𝑡−2  ≠ 𝑊𝑡−3 and: 
(x) 
if 𝑊𝑡−3
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡< (1 −Tolerance) × 𝑊𝑡−4
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 or 𝑊𝑡−3
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡>
(1 + Tolerance) × 𝑊𝑡−4
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "Wt-1" means Wt-
3Target; otherwise 
(y) 
if 
(1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) × 𝑊𝑡−4
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡≤𝑊𝑡−3
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡≤(1 +
𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) × 𝑊𝑡−4
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 then "Wt-1" means Wt-2 
(2) 
if 𝑊𝑡−2 = 𝑊𝑡−3 then "Wt-1" means Wt-3; and 
"Y%" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(j) 
DA Value 
"DA Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Cash Level1×DA Interest1)−(Cash Level2×DA Interest2)
Cash Level3−Cash Level 4
 
(k) 
DA Value Definitions 
"Cash Levelo" means in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i) 
the Constant Percentage 1; 
(ii) 
the DA Sum Rateo; or 
(iii) 
the DA Max Sum Rateo, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"DA Interest [1]/[2]" means in respect of a SPS Valuation Date:

--- Page 366 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
366 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Reference Floating Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"DA Max Sum Rateo" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max(Constant Percentage 1 ×  
1
 1 + DA Rateo,p 
p
N𝑜
p=n𝑜
; Constant Percentage 2 
×  
1
(1 + DA Rateo∗,p)p
N𝑜∗
p=n𝑜∗
  
"DA Rateo,p" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Reference Floating Rateo specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"DA Rateo*,p" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Reference Floating Rateo* specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"DA Sum Rateo" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date, the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
1
(1 + DA Rateo,p)p
N𝑜
p=n𝑜
 
"no" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 1. 
"No" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"no*" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 1. 
"No*" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate [1]/[2]" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the 
Reference Floating Rate Option in respect of such SPS Valuation Date appearing on 
the Reference Floating Rate Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time 
(the "Original Reference Floating Rate"), provided that, if (i) the relevant rate does 
not appear on such page at such time (ii) if there has been a permanent or indefinite 
cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be 
published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate for such SPS Valuation Date 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may 
select. In determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any 
sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are

--- Page 367 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
367 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Reference Floating Rate; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rateo, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an SPS Valuation Date that such rate is no 
longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or no longer constitutes an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent SPS 
Valuation Date. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine 
a further replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rateo" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation 
Date, the Reference Floating Rate Optiono in respect of such SPS Valuation Date 
appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option Pageo at the Reference Floating Rate 
Option Timeo (the "Original Reference Floating Rateo"), provided that, if (i) the 
relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a 
permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases 
to exist or ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations 
using the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent the relevant rate for such SPS Valuation 
Date acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it 
may select. In determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to 
any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rateo in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Reference Floating Rateo; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rateo. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 368 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
368 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an SPS Valuation Date that such rate is no 
longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rateo or no longer constitutes an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent SPS 
Valuation Date. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine 
a further replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rateo*" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation 
Date, the Reference Floating Rate Optiono* in respect of such SPS Valuation Date 
appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option Pageo* at the Reference Floating 
Rate Option Timeo* (the "Original Reference Floating Rateo*"), provided that, if (i) the 
relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a 
permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases 
to exist or ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations 
using the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent the relevant rate for such SPS Valuation 
Date acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it 
may select. In determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to 
any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rateo* in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Reference Floating Rateo*; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rateo*. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rateo*, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an SPS Valuation Date that such rate is no 
longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rateo* or no longer constitutes 
an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent SPS 
Valuation Date. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine 
a further replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option [1]/[2]" means, in respect of relevant Reference 
Floating Rate, the interest rate and designated maturity specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Optiono" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo, 
the interest rate and designated maturity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 369 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
369 
"Reference Floating Rate Optiono*" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo*, 
the interest rate and designated maturity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page [1]/[2]" means, in respect of the relevant 
Reference Floating Rate, the page or price source specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or such successor page or source as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Pageo" means, in respect of Reference Floating 
Rateo, the page or price source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or such 
successor page or source as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Pageo*" means, in respect of Reference Floating 
Rateo*, the page or price source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or such 
successor page or source as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time [1]/[2]" means, in respect of the relevant 
Reference Floating Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Timeo" means, in respect of Reference Floating 
Rateo, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Timeo*" means, in respect of Reference Floating 
Rateo*, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Delta One Div Multi Underlying Value 
"Delta One Div Multi Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Absolute Fees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡= 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 × [𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 +
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2 × (
𝑃𝑇𝐹𝑡
𝑃𝑇𝐹𝑡−1 −𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 3)] −𝐴𝐹 ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
; 
(ii) 
if Absolute Fees is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
= 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1
× [𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2
× ( 𝑃𝑇𝐹𝑡
𝑃𝑇𝐹𝑡−1
−𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 3)] × [1 −𝐴𝐹× 𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
] 
provided in each case that, the Delta One Div Multi Value on the Strike Date is Delta 
One Div Multi Value0. 
(m) 
Delta One Div Multi Underlying Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means the Strike Date and each day thereafter that is an Underlying 
Reference Valuation Date and a Strategy Business Day. 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but 
excluding) the ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such 
ACT Day. 
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means, in respect of an ACT Day, a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the taxes deducted or withheld at source 
by or on behalf of any governmental or other applicable authority or agency having the 
power to tax on any cash dividends that are ex-dividend payable on such ACT Day

--- Page 370 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
370 
pursuant to any applicable domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution in 
respect of the relevant Share or constituent share in the Index. 
"Delta One Div Multi Value0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delta One Div Multi Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Delta One Div 
Multi Value for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Div Percentagek,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
1 – Applicable Withholding Tax. 
"FXk,0" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, Underlying Reference FX Strike 
Level. 
"FXk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the rate of 
exchange of the currency in which the relevant Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value or Gross Divk,t, as applicable, is denominated into the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such ACT Day by reference to the source(s) 
and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if 
such rate of exchange is not available from such source(s) at such time, the rate of 
exchange will be as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonably manner, provided further that FXk,t for the Strike Date will be 
FXk,0. If the currency in which such Underlying Reference is denominated is the same 
as the Specified Currency, FXk,t will be equal to one. 
"FXk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, FXk,t on the 
immediately preceding ACT Day.  
"Gross Divk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends (before 
deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf 
of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends 
and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable 
authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) that are ex-
dividend and paid on such ACT Day; 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before 
deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf 
of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends 
and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable 
authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) that are ex-
dividend and paid on such ACT Day on any constituent share in such Index, 
taking into account the weight of such constituent share on the immediately 
preceding ACT Day; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an ETI Interest, any ordinary cash dividends 
(before deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on 
behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) that 
are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day,

--- Page 371 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
371 
provided that, if the Notes are Custom Index Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes or Commodity Linked Notes or no ordinary cash dividends are paid 
ex-dividend on such ACT Day, Gross Divk,t will be zero. 
"Levelk,0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (ii) the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡= 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−1 × 𝑆𝑘,𝑡+ 𝑁𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑𝑠𝑘,𝑡
𝑆𝑘,𝑡−1
× 𝐹𝑋𝑘,𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑘,𝑡−1
 
provided that, in respect of each Underlying Reference, Levelk,t for the Strike Date will 
be Levelk,0. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, Levelk,t for 
the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Levelk,tR" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Levelk,t 
in respect of the Rebalancing Day immediately preceding such ACT Day. 
"NDDividendsk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑁𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑𝑠𝑘,𝑡= 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑘,𝑡× 𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑘,𝑡 
(ii) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, zero. 
"PTF0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (ii) the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"PTFt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that, PTFt for the Strike Date will be PTF0. 
"PTFt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, PTFt for the ACT Day immediately preceding 
such day. 
"PTFtR" means, in respect of an ACT Day, PTFt in respect of the Rebalancing Day 
immediately preceding such ACT Day. 
"Rebalancing Day" means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
from (and including) the Strike Date.  
"Sk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a 
Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Custom Index Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes) or a 
Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) (such day a 
"Disrupted Level Day") and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Sk,t will be 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT 
Day which is not a Disrupted Level Day; or 
𝑃𝑇𝐹𝑡= 𝑃𝑇𝐹𝑡𝑅× [1 +  
𝑊𝑘× (
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡𝑅−1)
𝐾
𝑘=1
],

--- Page 372 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
372 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Sk,t will be 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding 
ACT Day which is not a Disrupted Level Day. 
"Sk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day.  
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business 
Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, 
Exchange Business Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index 
Business Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other 
day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Wk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the relevant Underlying Reference 
Weighting. 
(n) 
Delta One Div Mono Underlying Value 
"Delta One Div Mono Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying 
Reference: 
(i) 
if Absolute Fees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑜 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡= 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑜 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 × [𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 +
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2 × (
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡−1 −𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 3)] −𝐴𝐹 ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
; 
 
(ii) 
if Absolute Fees is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑜 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡= 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑎 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑜 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 × [𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 +
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2 × (
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡−1 −𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 3)] × [1 −𝐴𝐹×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
]; 
provided in each case that the Delta One Div Mono Value on the Strike Date is Delta 
One Div Mono Value0. 
(o) 
Delta One Div Mono Underlying Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means the Strike Date and each day thereafter that is an Underlying 
Reference Valuation Date and a Strategy Business Day. 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but 
excluding) the ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such 
ACT Day. 
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means, in respect of an ACT Day, a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the taxes deducted or withheld at source 
by or on behalf of any governmental or other applicable authority or agency having the 
power to tax on any cash dividends that are ex-dividend payable on such ACT Day 
pursuant to any applicable domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution in 
respect of the relevant Share or constituent share in the Index.

--- Page 373 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
373 
"Delta One Div Mono Value0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delta One Div Mono Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Delta One Div 
Mono Value for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Div Percentaget" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
1 – Applicable Withholding Tax. 
"FX0" means Underlying Reference FX Strike Level. 
"FXt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate of exchange of the currency in which 
the relevant Underlying Reference Closing Price Value or Gross Divt, as applicable, is 
denominated into the Specified Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
such ACT Day by reference to the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if such rate of exchange is not available from 
such source(s) at such time, the rate of exchange will be as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, and 
provided further that, FXt for the Strike Date will be FX0. If the currency in which the 
Underlying Reference is denominated is the same as the Specified Currency, FXt will 
be equal to one. 
"FXt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, FXt on the immediately preceding ACT Day.  
"Gross Divt" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends (before 
deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf 
of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends 
and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable 
authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) that are ex-
dividend and paid on such ACT Day; 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before 
deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf 
of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends 
and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable 
authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) that are ex-
dividend and paid on such ACT Day on any constituent share in such Index, 
taking into account the weight of such constituent share on the immediately 
preceding ACT Day; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an ETI Interest, any ordinary cash dividends 
(before deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on 
behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) that 
are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day, 
provided that, if the Notes are Custom Index Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes or Commodity Linked Notes or no ordinary cash dividends are paid 
ex-dividend on such ACT Day, Gross Divt will be zero. 
"Level0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (ii) the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 374 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
374 
"Levelt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡= 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡−1 ×
𝑆𝑡+𝑁𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑𝑠𝑡
𝑆𝑡−1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑡−1, 
provided that, Levelt for the Strike Date will be Level0. 
"Levelt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Levelt for the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day. 
"NDDividendst" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑵𝑫𝑫𝒊𝒗𝒊𝒅𝒆𝒏𝒅𝒔𝒕= 𝑫𝒊𝒗 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒄𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒕× 𝑮𝒓𝒐𝒔𝒔 𝑫𝒊𝒗𝒕; or 
(ii) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, zero. 
"St" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value 
in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Notes, Custom Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes or Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes) or a Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes) (such day a "Disrupted Level Day") and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, St will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day 
which is not a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, St will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT 
Day which is not a Disrupted Level Day. 
"St-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value 
on the immediately preceding ACT Day.  
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business 
Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, 
Exchange Business Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index 
Business Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other 
day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(p) 
Serenity Value 
"Serenity Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑆𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡=
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙×𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡 ; 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡]
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙0
 
(q) 
Serenity Value Definitions 
"ACT Day s" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ACT Day t" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Day and 
a Strategy Business Day. 
"Act(t1,t2)" means the number of calendar days between two ACT Days.

--- Page 375 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
375 
"Act(t,s)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the number of calendar days (if any) from 
(but excluding) such ACT Day t to (and including) the ACT Day s falling on or 
immediately after such ACT Day t. 
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cash Lock Event" will occur in respect of an Option Reset Date if no ACT Day s 
would be an OMt in respect of such date. 
"exp" means the exponential function. 
"γ" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝛾= −
2𝑞
𝜎2 
"h1(k,m,s,τ)" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
ℎ1(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏) =
1
𝜎√𝜏(ln (
𝑠
min(k,1)×𝑚) −𝑞𝜏) +
1
2 𝜎√𝜏 
"h2(k,m,s,τ)" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
ℎ2(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏) =
1
𝜎√𝜏(ln (
𝑚
min(k,1)×s) −𝑞𝜏) −
1
2 𝜎√𝜏 
"HWMt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡= max [
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙0
1−𝑈𝑝𝑓𝑟𝑜𝑛𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
; max
0≤𝑠≤𝑡(𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑠)] 
"HWMt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, HWMt in respect of the immediately 
preceding ACT Day t. 
"HWMtR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, HWMt in respect of the Latest Option 
Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Initial Protection Period" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Initial Target Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Kt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐾𝑡=
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡𝑅(𝑡) ×
𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡𝑅(𝑡)
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑅(𝑡) 
"Latest Option Reset Date" or "tR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, (i) if Option 
Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Option Reset Date 
immediately preceding such ACT Day t, or, if none, the Strike Date, or (ii) if Option 
Reset is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date. 
"Ln" means the natural logarithm. 
"Lookback Put Pricet" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(i) 
if an OMtR(t) has not occurred, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝐿𝑜𝑜𝑘𝑏𝑎𝑐𝑘 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝑡= 𝐿𝑃𝑇𝐻𝐸𝑂 
where, for the purposes of the calculation of LPTHEO: 
(A) 
the parameter represented by "k" is Kt in respect of such ACT Day t;

--- Page 376 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
376 
(B) 
the parameter represented by "m" is Mt in respect of such ACT Day t; 
(C) 
the parameter represented by "s" is St in respect of such ACT Day t; and 
(D) 
the parameter represented by "τ" is 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡,𝑂𝑀𝑡𝑅(𝑡))
365
  in respect of such ACT Day t; 
otherwise 
(ii) 
if an OMtR(t) has occurred, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝐿𝑜𝑜𝑘𝑏𝑎𝑐𝑘 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝑡= max[0% ; 𝐾𝑡× 𝑀𝑡−𝑆𝑡] 
"LPTHEO" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(i) 
if k is less than or equal to 1, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝐿𝑃𝑇𝐻𝐸𝑂= exp(𝑞× 𝜏) × 𝑘× 𝑚× 𝑆𝐶𝐷 −ℎ1(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏) + 𝜎√𝜏 −𝑠× 𝑆𝐶𝐷(−ℎ1(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏))
+ 𝑘× 𝑠
𝛾
[𝑘𝛾× 𝑆𝐶𝐷 −ℎ2(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏) −2𝑞√𝜏
𝜎
 −exp(𝑞× 𝜏) × (𝑚
𝑠)
𝛾
× 𝑆𝐶𝐷(−ℎ2(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏))] ; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝐿𝑃𝑇𝐻𝐸𝑂= exp(𝑞× 𝜏) × 𝑘× 𝑚× 𝑆𝐶𝐷 −ℎ1(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏) + 𝜎√𝜏 −exp(𝑞× 𝜏) ×
𝑘×𝑠
𝛾×
(
𝑚
𝑠)
𝛾
× 𝑆𝐶𝐷(−ℎ2(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏)) + 𝑘× 𝑠× 𝑆𝐶𝐷(ℎ1(𝑘, 𝑚, 𝑠, 𝜏)) × (1 +
1
𝛾) −𝑠 
"Mt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(i) 
if the ACT Day t immediately preceding such ACT Day t was an Option Reset 
Date, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑀𝑡= 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡𝑅(𝑡)
× max[1 +  𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡𝑅(𝑡) −𝑅𝐹 ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡𝑅(𝑡),𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
;
𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡
𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡𝑅(𝑡)
] 
(ii) 
otherwise, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝑀𝑡= max[𝑀𝑡−1 × (1 + (𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 −𝑅𝐹) ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
) ; 𝑆𝑡] 
provided that, Mt for the Strike Date will be Initial Target Exposure. 
"Mt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Mt in respect of the immediately preceding 
ACT Day t. 
"Net_U0" means the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Net_Ut" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡= 𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡−1 ×
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1 × (1 −𝑅𝐶×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
365
) 
provided that, Net_Ut for the Strike Date will be Net_U0. 
"Net_Ut-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Net_Ut in respect of the immediately 
preceding ACT Day t. 
"Net_UtR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Net_Ut in respect of the Latest Option 
Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t.

--- Page 377 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
377 
"OMt" means, in respect of an Option Reset Date, the latest occurring ACT Day s on 
which: 
(i) 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡,𝑠)
365
≤ 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 
(ii) 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡,𝑠)
365
≥ 𝑂𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑀𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑚𝑢𝑚 𝑀𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦; and 
(iii) 
𝐿𝑃𝑇𝐻𝐸𝑂≤1 −𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡 
where, for the purposes of the calculation of LPTHEO: 
(A) 
the parameter represented by "k" is the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of such ACT Day t in accordance with the following formula:  
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡×
𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡 
(A) 
the parameter represented by "m" is the Target Exposuret in respect of such 
ACT Day t; 
(B) 
the parameter represented by "s" is the Target Exposuret in respect of such 
ACT Day t; and 
(C) 
the parameter represented by "τ" is  
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡,𝑠)
365  in respect of such ACT Day t, 
provided that, such day shall be an OMt notwithstanding the occurrence of a 
subsequent Option Reset Date on which another OMt is identified and further provided 
that, if such OMt is not an ACT Day t, for the purpose of determining the Lookback Put 
Price, such OMt will be deemed to fall on the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"OMtR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the OMt in respect of the Latest Option 
Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Option Minimum Maturity" means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Option Reset Date" means (a) if Option Reset is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) any ACT Day t in respect of which either (A) the Protected 
Index Levelt is greater than HWMt-1 or (B) such ACT Day t falls on or after OMtR(t), or 
(ii) the Strike Date, or (b) if Option Reset is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Strike Date. 
"Protected Index Level0" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Protected Index Levels" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Protected Index 
Levelt in respect of the ACT Day s immediately preceding such ACT Day t, or if none, 
Protected Index Level0. 
"Protected Index Levelt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(i) 
if a Cash Lock Event has occurred before such ACT Day t, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡= 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡−1  × [1 + (𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 −
𝐴𝐹) ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
 ]; otherwise 
(ii) 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 378 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
378 
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡= 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡𝑅(𝑡) × [𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡𝑅(𝑡)  × 
𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡
𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡𝑅(𝑡) +
𝐿𝑜𝑜𝑘𝑏𝑎𝑐𝑘 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝑡 + 𝑅𝑒𝑠𝑖𝑑𝑢𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑡−1 × [1 + (𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 −𝐴𝐹) ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
 ]], 
provided that, Protected Index Levelt for the Strike Date will be Protected Index Level0. 
"Protected Index Levelt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Protected Index 
Levelt on the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"Protected Index LeveltR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Protected Index 
Levelt in respect of the Latest Option Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Protection Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"q" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the first, second or third 
ACT Day preceding such day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"RC" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Reference Floating 
Rate Option in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the 
Reference Floating Rate Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the 
"Original Reference Floating Rate"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not 
appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a permanent or indefinite 
cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be 
published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, 
the Reference Floating Rate Option for such ACT Day t shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it may select acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In determining the relevant rate, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, 
including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Reference Floating Rate; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an ACT Day t that such rate is no longer

--- Page 379 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
379 
comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or no longer constitutes an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent ACT Day t. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further 
replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Ratet" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, (i) the fixed rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) the Reference Floating Rate for such day plus a 
percentage, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Reference Ratet in respect 
of the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"Reference RatetR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Reference Ratet in 
respect of the Latest Option Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Reset Target Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Residual Cash Amount0" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Residual Cash Amountt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(i) 
if such ACT Day t is an Option Reset Date, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑅𝑒𝑠𝑖𝑑𝑢𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑡= [1 −𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡−𝑅𝐿𝐵𝑃𝑡 ]; 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑅𝑒𝑠𝑖𝑑𝑢𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑡
= 𝑅𝑒𝑠𝑖𝑑𝑢𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑡−1  
× [1 + (𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 −𝐴𝐹) ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
𝐷𝐶𝐹
 ] 
provided that, the Residual Cash Amountt for the Strike Date will be Residual Cash 
Amount0. 
"Residual Cash Amountt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Residual Cash 
Amount on the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"RF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"RKt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑅𝐾𝑡= 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡
×
𝐻𝑊𝑀𝑡
𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑡
 
"RLBPt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑅𝐿𝐵𝑃𝑡= 𝐿𝑃𝑇𝐻𝐸𝑂 
where, for the purposes of the calculation of LPTHEO:

--- Page 380 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
380 
(A) 
the parameter represented by "k" is RKt in respect of such ACT Day t; 
(B) 
the parameter represented by "m" is Target Exposuret in respect of such ACT 
Day t; 
(C) 
the parameter represented by "s" is Target Exposuret in respect of such ACT 
Day t; and 
(D) 
the parameter represented by "τ" is 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡,𝑂𝑀𝑡)
365
 in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"SCD" means the standard gaussian cumulative distribution function. 
"σ" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"St" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑆𝑡= 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡𝑅(𝑡) ×
𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡
𝑁𝑒𝑡_𝑈𝑡𝑅(𝑡) 
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are opened for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business 
Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Target Exposuret" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(i) 
if such ACT Day t is the Strike Date, the Initial Target Exposure; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Reset Target Exposure. 
"Target ExposuretR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Target Exposuret in 
respect of the Latest Option Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Day" means a calendar day, Business Day, 
Exchange Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund 
Business Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Upfront Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Ut" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(i) 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided 
that, if there is no Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such 
day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Note, Custom 
Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes) (a "Disrupted Level Day") and: 
(A) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Ut 
will be the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next 
succeeding ACT Day t which is not a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(B) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Ut 
will be the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the 
immediately preceding ACT Day t which is not a Disrupted Level Day;  
(ii) 
the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value; or 
(iii) 
the Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Ut-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Ut for the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
(r) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value

--- Page 381 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
381 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐴𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡 
= 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐴𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 
+  𝑛𝑘,𝑡−1
𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑑
2
𝑘=1
×  𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−1 + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2 + 𝑛𝑡−1
𝑐𝑎𝑠ℎ 
× (𝑐𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑡−𝑐𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑡−1 + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 3), 
provided that, the Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Valuet on the Strike Date is 
Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value0. 
(s) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value Definitions 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but 
excluding) the ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such 
ACT Day.  
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Date. 
"Cap1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cap2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cash0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Casht" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑡= 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑡−1 × (1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 ×
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
), 
provided that, Casht on the Strike Date is Cash0. 
"Casht-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Casht on the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day. 
"Covar(1,2),n,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑜𝑣𝑎𝑟(1,2),𝑛,𝑡= 252 × 
(
 
 1
𝑛×  
𝑙𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖+1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖
 
× 𝑙𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 2,𝑡−𝑖+1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙2,𝑡−𝑖
 −(1
𝑛×  𝑙𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖+1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖
 
𝑛
𝑖=1
) × (1
𝑛×  𝑙𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙2,𝑡−𝑖+1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙2,𝑡−𝑖
 
𝑛
𝑖=1
)
𝑛
𝑖=1
)
 
  
 
"FX Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the rate 
of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to 
which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and 
at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
Underlying Reference on such ACT Day, provided that, if such rate of exchange is not 
available from such sources at such time, the rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, 
provided that FX Levelk,t on the Strike Date is the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as FX Initial. 
"i" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of ACT Days prior to such ACT Day 
equal to n. 
"lagk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number of ACT Days 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 382 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
382 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, (a) the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there 
is no Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is 
a Disrupted Day and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will 
be the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will 
be the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately 
preceding ACT Day which is not a Disrupted Day,  
and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for 
Underlying Reference, multiplied by FX Levelk,t. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, Levelk,t on 
the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Levelk,t-i" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, Levelk,t in 
respect of the ACT Day falling i ACT Days prior to such day. 
"Levelk,t-i+1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, Levelk,t in 
respect of the ACT Day immediately succeeding the ACT Day falling i ACT Days prior 
to such day. 
"ln" means natural logarithm. 
"n" means a number of ACT Days equal to x or y, as applicable. 
"𝐧𝐭
𝐜𝐚𝐬𝐡" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
𝑛𝑡
𝑐𝑎𝑠ℎ=
1
𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑡×  𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐴𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−
 
𝑛𝑘,𝑡
𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑑×
2
𝑘=1
 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡 . 
"𝐧𝐭−𝟏
𝐜𝐚𝐬𝐡" means, in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, 𝐧𝐭−𝟏
𝐜𝐚𝐬𝐡 on the Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately preceding such day.  
"𝐧𝐤,𝐭
𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐠𝐞𝐭" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
𝑛𝑘,𝑡
𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡= 𝑊𝑘,𝑡
𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡×
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐴𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
. 
"𝐧𝐤,𝐭−𝐥𝐚𝐠𝒌
𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐠𝐞𝐭
" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, nk,t
target in 
respect of the ACT Day falling lagk ACT Days prior to such day.  
"𝐧𝐤,𝟎
𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐝" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"𝐧𝐤,𝐭
𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐝" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, nk,t−lagk
target  in 
respect of such day, provided that, if such day is a Disrupted Day, nk,t
used will be the nk,t
used 
for the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, 
and provided further that, 𝑛𝑘,𝑡
𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑑 on the Strike Date is _𝑛𝑘,0
𝑢𝑠𝑒𝑑. 
"𝐧𝐤,𝐭−𝟏
𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐝" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, nk,t
used on the 
ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"PtfVolt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑃𝑡𝑓𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑡= max √𝑉𝑎𝑟𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡,𝑥,𝑡, √𝑉𝑎𝑟𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡,𝑦,𝑡 . 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating 
Rate Option in respect of such ACT Day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate 
Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time the "Original Reference 
Floating Rate"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear on such page at

--- Page 383 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
383 
such time, (ii) there has been a permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, 
(iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be published permanently or 
indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to make any 
calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may 
determine the relevant rate for such ACT Day acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In determining the relevant rate, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, 
including, but not limited to: 
(a) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is 
denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate 
to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes;  
(b) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest on the same basis as the 
Original Reference Floating Rate; or  
(c) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate.  
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets needed to make the 
replacement rate comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent 
subsequently determines in respect of an ACT Day that such rate is no longer 
comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or no longer constitutes an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent ACT Day. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further replacement 
rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or such successor page or source as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Ratet-1" means (a) the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(b) in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate for the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"TargetVolExposuret" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡= min (𝐶𝑎𝑝1,
𝑇𝑉
𝑃𝑡𝑓𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑡). 
"TV" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 384 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
384 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Scheduled Trading Day, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value0" means the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, 
the Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Valuet on the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day. 
"Var1,n,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
"Var2,n,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑎𝑟1,𝑛,𝑡= 252 ×  
1
𝑛×  
[𝑙𝑛(
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖+1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖)]
2
−(
1
𝑛×  
𝑙𝑛(
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖+1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙1,𝑡−𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
)
2
𝑛
𝑖=1
 . 
"Varport,n,t" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑉𝑎𝑟𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡,𝑛,𝑡= 𝑊1,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓× 𝑊1,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓× 𝑉𝑎𝑟1,𝑛,𝑡+ 𝑊2,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓× 𝑊2,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓× 𝑉𝑎𝑟2,𝑛,𝑡+ 2 × 𝑊1,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓× 𝑊2,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓×
𝐶𝑜𝑣𝑎𝑟(1,2),𝑛,𝑡. 
"𝑾𝒌,𝒕
𝒓𝒆𝒇" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formulae:  
(i) 
in respect of k=1: 
𝑊1,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓= min (𝐶𝑎𝑝2,
𝑇𝑉
𝑚𝑎𝑥 √𝑉𝑎𝑟1,𝑥,𝑡 ; √𝑉𝑎𝑟1,𝑦,𝑡 
) 
(ii) 
in respect of k=2: 
𝑊2,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓= 1 −𝑊1,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓 
"𝑾𝒌,𝒕
𝒕𝒂𝒓𝒈𝒆𝒕" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
𝑊𝑘,𝑡
𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡= 𝑊𝑘,𝑡
𝑟𝑒𝑓× 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑡 
"x" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"y" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.7 
Greatest Period Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Intraday 
Value for such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS 
Valuation Period; and 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for 
such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
Basket Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period;

--- Page 385 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
385 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
highest Best Intraday Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; 
"Greatest Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Best 
Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow 
Values; 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket)" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference in the Basket and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference 
Value for such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS 
Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of a 
SPS Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value for all 
the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
highest Worst Intraday Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; and 
"Greatest Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
Worst Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.8 
Lowest Period Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Intraday 
Value for such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS 
Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest 
Basket Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Best 
Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Greatest Underlying Value (Basket)" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation 
Period, the lowest Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket) for any Underlying 
Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest for 
all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
lowest Worst Intraday Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; and 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Worst 
Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.9 
Average Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Average Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying

--- Page 386 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
386 
Reference TOM Values for such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates 
in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying 
Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such 
SPS Valuation Period; and 
"VWAP SPS Period Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the volume weighted average prices of such 
Underlying Reference on each SPS Valuation Date in the SPS Valuation Period 
published by the VWAP Source at the VWAP Specified Time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
provided that, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no such volume 
weighted average price can be determined in respect of an SPS Valuation Date in the 
SPS Valuation Period, the VWAP Value for such day shall be a value determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
the volume weighted average price of such Underlying Reference for such day having 
regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last published volume weighted 
average price and such other factors as the Calculation Agent determines relevant. 
Where: 
"VWAP Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"VWAP Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the Basket Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the Best Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant 
Rainbow Values; 
"Average Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of a 
SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Volatility 
Hedged Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; and 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the Worst Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period. 
1.10 
Weighted Average Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the values calculated for all the SPS 
Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date 
Weighting. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of 
the values calculated for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the 
Basket Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting;

--- Page 387 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
387 
"Weighted Average Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the Best 
Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum 
of the values calculated for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the 
relevant Rainbow Values (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting; and 
"Weighted Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of 
the values calculated for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the 
Worst Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting. 
1.11 
Minimum/Maximum Values 
Any value specified in the applicable Final Terms and used in the calculation of any SPS 
Coupon Rate, Payout, Entitlement Amount and/or Automatic Early Entitlement Amount or 
related provision may be subject to a cap of the Maximum Value and/or a floor of the Minimum 
Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.12 
General Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
"A(i)" means either: 
(a) 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 
or 1.10, 
in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout" means each Final Payout or Divider Additional Final Payout 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Sum Notes or Option Max Notes 
and if Payout FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted 
into the Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout Weighting" is the number, amount or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AVRG Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the value from Payout Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 and 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Bonus Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Count Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 388 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
388 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"DCF" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Divider Additional Final Payout" means a value equal to 1 divided by the relevant Final 
Payout, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Divider Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, 1 
divided by the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Down Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Down Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Down Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Down Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Euro Fund Gearing" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the percentage or number 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Condition" means that: 
(a) 
the FR Barrier Value for the relevant SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) 
less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Condition Level (the "Final Redemption Condition 1"); and/or (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
(b) 
the FR Barrier Value 2 for the relevant SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS FR 
Barrier Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than 
or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Condition Level 2 (the "Final Redemption Condition 2"); 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or the Divider Final Redemption Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Barrier Value 2" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Gear Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gear Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 389 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
389 
"Gear Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the Euro 
Fund Gearing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"i" means the relevant SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period; 
"I" means the total number of SPS Valuation Dates in the relevant SPS Valuation Period; 
"j" means the relevant Strike Date; 
"k" means the relevant Underlying Reference; 
"K" means the total number of Underlying References in the Basket; 
"Local Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Loss Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"m" means the relevant SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period; 
"M" means a series of SPS Valuation Dates or SPS Valuation Periods; 
"Min Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NA" means the Calculation Amount; 
"nEnd days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"nStart days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Closing Price Value" means the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) 
and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for such Payout Currency on the Payout FX Rate Date; 
"Payout FX Rate Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value" means (i) the rate of exchange between the 
currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is 
derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Payout FX Rate Strike Date or (ii) the rate of exchange between 
the currencies specified in the applicable Final Terms, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Payout FX Value" means, in respect of a Payout Currency (a) the Payout FX Closing Price 
Value divided by (b) the Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value; 
"q" means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date; 
"Q" is a series of SPS Valuation Dates in SPS Valuation Period(i) or Calculation Period(i); 
"Redemption Payout" means the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Date Weighting" means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the number, amount or 
percentage specified as such for such date in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 390 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
390 
"SPS Redemption Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Euro 
Fund Business Day, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"SPS Valuation Date" means each SPS Coupon Valuation Date, SPS Redemption Valuation 
Date, SPS ER Valuation Date, SPS FR Valuation Date, SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date, Knock-
in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, SPS EndDay Valuation Date, SPS StartDay Valuation Date, SPS Call Valuation Date, 
SPS Put Valuation Date, SPS ACS Valuation Date, Strike Day, SPS APS Valuation Date, SPS 
AR Valuation Date, ACT Day, Range Accrual Valuation Date, Strike Date, AER Accumulator 
Valuation Date, Accumulator Valuation Date, SPS Transition Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Transition Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Valuation Period" means each SPS ER Valuation Period, SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period, SPS FR Valuation Period, SPS Redemption 
Valuation Period, SPS Call Valuation Period, SPS Put Valuation Period, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, Knock-in Determination Period, Knock-out Determination 
Period, SPS ACS Valuation Period, SPS APS Valuation Period, SPS AR Valuation Period, AER 
Accumulator Period, Accumulator Period, SPS Transition Valuation Period or SPS ER 
Transition Valuation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"T" means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date; 
"Total M" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of the SPS Payouts, Coupon Rates and 
Entitlement Amounts, each Index, Share, ETI, Commodity, Commodity Index, Fund, Underlying 
Interest Rate, Inflation Index, Subject Currency or Future or other basis of reference to which 
the relevant Notes relate; 
"Underlying Reference Weighting" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the 
number, amount or percentage specified as such for such Underlying Reference in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"Up Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Up Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"Up Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
FIXED INCOME COUPON RATES AND PAYOUTS 
2.1 
Fixed Income Coupon Rates 
The following Coupon Rate(s) will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
FX Vanilla Coupon 
If FX Vanilla Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(b) 
FI Digital Coupon 
If FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 




e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
A x 
 
Gearing
 
A,
Floor 
 
Global
Max
 
A,
 
Cap
Global
Min

--- Page 391 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
391 
 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
 
(c) 
FX Digital Coupon 
If FX Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
 
(d) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
FI DC Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) the 
Range Cut-off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date will be deemed to 
be the FI DC Barrier Value on the Range Cut-off Date. 
(e) 
FX Range Accrual Coupon 
If FX Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
FI DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, as applicable, for each Range Accrual 
Day in the period from (and including) the Range Cut-off Date to (and including) the 
Range Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon 
Performance, as applicable, on the Range Cut-off Date. 
(f) 
FX Memory Coupon 
If FX Memory Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Min Global Cap A, Max(Global Floor A, ( Gearing A(i) × FI Rate A(i)
n
i=1
) + Constant A) ;  or 
Min Global Cap B, Max(Global Floor B,( Gearing B(i) × FI Rate B(i)
n
i=1
) + Constant B)  




e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
A x 
 
Gearing
 
A,
Floor 
 
Global
Max
 
A,
 
Cap
Global
Min 




e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
 x 
B
 
Gearing
 
B,
Floor 
 
Global
Max
 
B,
 
Cap
Global
Min 

















N
n
x
n
1
i
(i)
Rate
 
FI
x
(i)
Gearing
arg
,
,
,
,
in
M
Global
Floor
Local
Max
Cap
Local
Min
Floor
Global
Max
Cap
Global
Min




n/N
 x 
Rate
 
FI
 
Floor,
 
Global
Max
 
Cap,
Global
Min

--- Page 392 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
392 
FI Rate A – Paid FX Memory Coupons; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
FI Rate B 
Where: 
"Current FX Memory Coupon Interest Period" means, in respect of a FI 
Interest Valuation Date, the Interest Period ending on or immediately prior to 
such FI Interest Valuation Date. 
"Paid FX Memory Coupons" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, 
the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) 
the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case calculated for 
each Interest Period preceding the Current FX Memory Coupon Interest 
Period. 
(g) 
Combination Floater Coupon 
If Combination Floater is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(h) 
PRDC Coupon 
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance) - 
Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance) - Coupon 
Percentage 2)); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance) - 
Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(B) 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a 
Knock-out Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
Where: 
"PRDC Performance" means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as numerator) 
and the Initial Settlement Price (as denominator). 
(i) 
FI Digital Floor Coupon 
If FI Digital Floor Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
𝑀𝑖𝑛  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛+
 
𝐺𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑖 × 𝐹𝐼 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
) ) .

--- Page 393 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
393 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(j) 
FI Digital Cap Coupon 
If FI Digital Cap Coupon is specified as application in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or

--- Page 394 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
394 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
(k) 
FI Target Coupon 
If FI Target Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred, the Coupon Rate in respect of 
the Target Final Interest Period shall be the Final Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Duration Adjusted Coupon 
If Duration Adjusted Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒+ 𝑀𝑎𝑥 0, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖) + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑(𝑖) ∗ 
(1 −(1 + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖))−𝑁
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
/𝑁 
2.2 
Definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI Basket 1" means the basket of Subject Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI Basket 2" means the basket of Subject Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date and an Underlying 
Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference; 
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
FI DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation 
Date is or (B) if FI Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
FX Coupon Performance for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is 
(i)(a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI 
Lower Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level; and/or 
(b) 
if FI Digital Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
FI DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation 
Date is or (B) if FI Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
FX Coupon Performance for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is 
(i)(a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level 2 and (ii) if a

--- Page 395 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
395 
FI Lower Barrier Level 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) 
less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level 2; 
"FI Interest Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Determination Date, Pricing Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Interest Valuation Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or each Range Accrual Day; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Performance" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes relating to a single Subject Currency, the FX Coupon Performance 
Value; 
(b) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the FX 
Coupon Performance Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Interest 
Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(c) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket 
in respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(d) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant 
Basket in respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(e) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"G" means, in respect of a basket of Subject Currencies, the percentage specified as 
such for such basket of Subject Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FX Weighting for such Subject 
Currency; or 
(f) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Subject/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the 
FX Coupon Ranked Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Interest 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
"FX Coupon Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date and a 
Subject Currency: 
 




n
i
i
j
m
j
W
G
1
 
 
1
)
Value
 e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
 *
( *

--- Page 396 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
396 
(a) 
if FX Performance Coupon 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Final Interest Settlement Price – FX Initial Interest Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if FX Performance Coupon 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price – FX Final Interest Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if FX Performance Coupon 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 ; 
(d) 
if FX Performance Coupon 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 ; 
(e) 
if FX Performance Coupon 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 ; 
(f) 
if FX Performance Coupon 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 ; 
(g) 
if FX Performance Coupon 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 ; 
(h) 
if FX Performance Coupon 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 ; 
(i) 
if FX Performance Coupon 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 ; 
(j) 
if FX Performance Coupon 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 . 
"FX Coupon Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the FX Coupon 
Performance Value in respect of the Subject/Base Currency with the FX Coupon Ranking in 
respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the ordinal 
positioning of each Subject/Base Currency by FX Coupon Performance Value from lowest FX 
Coupon Performance Value to greatest FX Coupon Performance Value in respect of such FI 
Interest Valuation Date; 
"FX Final Interest Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject/Base Currency, (i) if 
Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on 
the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates 
in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base 


Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
nitial
I 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX



Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX










Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX
1
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX
1
(
1
FX Final Interest Settlement Price) −(
1
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price) 


Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX



Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX

Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Final
 
FX
Price
 
Settlement
Interest 
 
Initial
 
FX

--- Page 397 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
397 
Currency for all Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date or (iv) if 
Lowest Look Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Subject/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date; 
"FX Initial Interest Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike 
Days in the Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period. 
"Gearing A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"N" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the number, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2" means the number, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the number, level or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2" means the number, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means:

--- Page 398 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
398 
(a) 
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
FI DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is 
or (B) if FI Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX 
Coupon Performance for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (a)(i) 
greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier 
Level Down and (b) if a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or 
(iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; and/or 
(b) 
if Range Accrual Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the FI DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant Range Accrual 
Day is or (B) if FI Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
FX Coupon Performance for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is 
(a)(i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon 
Barrier Level Down 2 and (b) if a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2 is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than 
or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2; 
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Commodity Business 
Day, Underlying Interest Determination Date, Hybrid Business Day or calendar day, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the floating 
rate calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Basket" means FI Basket 1 or FI Basket 2, as applicable; 
"Spread(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Target Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date; and 
"YoY Inflation Rate" means [Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i-1)] – 1. 
2.3 
Fixed Income Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable NA (each a "Final Payout") 
will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
FI FX Vanilla Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 399 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
399 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(B) 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a 
Knock-out Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1. 
Where: 
"Option" means Max (Performance Value, Floor). 
(b) 
FI Digital Floor Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Floor Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(c) 
FI Digital Cap Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Cap Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:

--- Page 400 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
400 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or: 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
(d) 
FI Digital Plus Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Plus Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if, irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event has or has not occurred, 
the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date:; 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing A x 
FI Digital Value)); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is 
not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is 
not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max ((Gearing 
B x FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + 
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing A × FI Digital Value)); or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max ((Gearing 
B x FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage));

--- Page 401 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
401 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event and/or Knock-out Event has 
occurred, if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing A x 
FI Digital Value)); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of 
the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B x FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage));or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
FI Constant Percentage 1. 
(e) 
FI Inflation Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Inflation Notes: 
Max [100%, Cumulative Inflation Rate] 
2.4 
Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
(a) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
NA × (100% + Final Interest Rate); 
(b) 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
NA; or 
(c) 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
NA × (100% + (Min (Coupon Cap, Final Coupon Rate) × Final Day Count Fraction)). 
2.5 
Definitions for Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
"Coupon Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base); 
"Final Interest Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable 
less Paid Coupon; 
(b) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Not Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the product of the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction, if applicable; 
(c) 
if Capped Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) the Final Coupon Rate 
multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable) or, if less (ii) the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage or the Target Coupon Percentage (as applicable), less 
the Paid Coupon; 
(d) 
If Guaranteed Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) the Final Coupon Rate 
multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable) or, if greater (ii) the Automatic

--- Page 402 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
402 
Early Redemption Percentage or the Target Coupon Percentage (as applicable), less 
the Paid Coupon; 
2.6 
General definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts 
"Current Interest Period" means the Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or in the case of the calculation of the FI Target Coupon, the Target 
Final Interest Period; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is 
greater than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is 
less than or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in 
each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is 
greater than the FI Digital Plus Level; 
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Redemption Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date or Pricing Date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Redemption Valuation Date or an FI Interest Valuation 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the Current Interest 
Period or Target Final Interest Period, as applicable (the "Final Interest Period"); 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction (if any) applicable to the Final 
Interest Period; 
"Final Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject/Base Currency, (i) if Averaging is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant 
FI Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates, (iii) if Highest Look Back is

--- Page 403 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
403 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such 
Subject/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base 
Currency for all Averaging Dates; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price – Initial Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price – Final Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(d) 
if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(e) 
if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(g) 
if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(h) 
if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
"FX Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Subject/Base Currency by FX Performance Value from lowest FX Performance Value to 
greatest FX Performance Value in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
"FX Weighting" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such Subject Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(Final Settlement Price −Initial Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
; 
(Initial Settlement Price −Final Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
; 
(
1
Initial Settlement Price) −(
1
Final Settlement Price) ; 
(
1
Final Settlement Price) −(
1
Initial Settlement Price) ; 
(Final Settlement Price −Initial Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
; 
(Initial Settlement Price −Final Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
; 
Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price ; 
Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price .

--- Page 404 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
404 
"Gearing B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date; 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI Valuation Date 
(or, if none, the Strike Date); 
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative 
Inflation Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike 
Days in the Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period. 
"NA" means the Calculation Amount; 
"Paid Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of 
(i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, 
in each case calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the 
case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in 
the case of a Target Determination Date); 
"Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes relating to a single Subject Currency, the FX Performance Value; 
(b) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Subject Currency in the Basket as (a) the FX 
Performance Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Valuation Date (b) 
multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(c) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest FX Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in 
respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
(d) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest FX Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in 
respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
(e) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Where: 




n
i
i
j
m
j
W
G
1
 
 
1
)
Value
 e
Performanc
 
FX
 *
( *

--- Page 405 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
405 
"G" means, in respect of a basket of Subject Currencies, the percentage specified as 
such for such basket of Subject Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FX Weighting for such Subject 
Currency; or 
(f) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Subject/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the 
Ranked Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Valuation Date multiplied 
by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the FX Performance Value in 
respect of the Subject/Base Currency with the FX Ranking in respect of such FI Valuation Date 
set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts, each Inflation 
Index, Subject Currency, Underlying Interest Rate Index, Commodity, Commodity Index or 
other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate.  If two or more Underlying Interest 
Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying Component Rates, 
each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple Underlying Interest 
Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but, for the purposes of these Payout 
Conditions and the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions shall be deemed to together 
constitute an Underlying Reference; 
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as 
defined in the Inflation Linked Conditions); or 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate 
or if Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified as applicable, the value calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
(c) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price or FX 
Coupon Performance Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, a Share, a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index, the Settlement Price, 
in each case in respect of such day. 
3. 
Formulae Constituents and Completion 
The constituent parts (each a "Formula Constituent") of any formula (each a "Formula") used 
in the Payout Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be 
replaced in the applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other 
value, as applicable for such Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect 
of the relevant Notes, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms 
by deleting such Formula Constituent. 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of 
these Payout Conditions may be a positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing(i)  × Multiple Unerlying Reference Rate(i)
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 406 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
406 
4. 
Calculation Agent 
Unless otherwise specified, the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of 
affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised pursuant to these Payout Conditions will be 
calculated, determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent. 
Any calculation, determination, formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to these Payout Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders.  Whenever the Calculation Agent is 
required to make any determination it may, to the extent permitted by any applicable law, inter 
alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation.  In performing its duties pursuant to 
these Payout Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or making any determination under the Notes 
shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or determination, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall, in the 
absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability (to the extent permitted 
by any applicable law) in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or 
forbearance.

--- Page 407 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
407 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Market Disruption ............................................................................................................... 407 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index .................................................................................................... 408 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index ............................... 408 
2.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index ......................................... 409 
2.3 
Notice .................................................................................................................... 410 
3. 
Correction of Index ............................................................................................................. 410 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events .......................... 410 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event ................................................................................ 411 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption ............................................................................................. 413 
7. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 415 
8. 
Custom Index ..................................................................................................................... 427 
9. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption ......................................... 427 
9.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index ............................... 427 
9.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption .............................................................................................................. 427 
10. 
Correction of Custom Index ............................................................................................... 435 
11. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption 
Events ................................................................................................................................ 435 
12. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event ................................................................................ 436 
13. 
Automatic Early Redemption ............................................................................................. 438 
14. 
Definitions relating to Custom Indices................................................................................ 440 
15. 
Equity Custom Index Provisions ........................................................................................ 444 
16. 
General (Equity Custom Indices) ....................................................................................... 444 
17. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption (Equity Custom Indices) .. 445 
17.1 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption .............................................................................................................. 445 
17.2 
Equity Custom Index Market Disruption ............................................................... 446 
18. 
Correction of Equity Custom Index .................................................................................... 446 
19. 
Definitions relating to Equity Custom Indices .................................................................... 447 
20. 
Commodity Custom Index Provisions ................................................................................ 448 
21. 
General (Commodity Custom Indices) ............................................................................... 448 
22. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption (Commodity Custom 
Indices) ............................................................................................................................... 448 
22.1 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption .............................................................................................................. 448 
22.2 
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption ....................................................... 448 
23. 
Correction of Commodity Custom Index ............................................................................ 450 
24. 
Definitions relating to Commodity Custom Indices ............................................................ 450 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, (the "General Conditions") and the Additional Terms and Conditions set 
out below (the "Index Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Index Linked 
Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions set out below shall prevail. 
1. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means:- 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of:

--- Page 408 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
408 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component 
Security, which the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(B) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index only, the aggregate of all 
Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 
20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which 
in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or 
options contracts. 
In the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component Security at any time, if a 
Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, 
then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of 
such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index 
attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each 
case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part 
of the market "opening data"; and 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) 
a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends 
at the time when the level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, 
or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs 
in respect of a security included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison 
of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that security and (y) the overall 
level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event.   
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the

--- Page 409 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
409 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will 
be deemed to be the Index. 
2.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Averaging Date, last Observation Date, last Valuation 
Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the relevant 
Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an 
"Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a 
Valuation Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then, 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in 
lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time 
on that Strike Date, that Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using 
only those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index 
Adjustment Event; or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note 
taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Index Adjustment Event less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem 
each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Index Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated 
Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a 
rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the Final Terms).

--- Page 410 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
410 
2.3 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph 2.2 above and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by Noteholders copies of 
any such determinations. 
3. 
Correction of Index 
If the level of the Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction 
is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor, (i) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Business Days following the 
date of the original publication or, (ii) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, 
within the number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the 
level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so corrected, except that any corrections 
published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Notes calculated by reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
4.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the 
Issuer may take the action described in (a), (b) or (if applicable) (c) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which amount 
shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from and 
including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but

--- Page 411 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
411 
excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's the funding cost at such time or 
(y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the Final 
Terms). 
4.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above 
provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof 
and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
5.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
5.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out 
Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date". 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time 
during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the level of the Index 
triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption 
or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out 
Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time 
in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date". 
5.5 
Definitions 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 412 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
412 
(i) 
in respect of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect 
of each Index of (x) the level of such Index as of the Knock-in Valuation Time 
on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A)(a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level; or (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 1 and Index Linked Condition 2. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Index Linked Condition 
2 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect 
of each Index of (x) the level of such Index as of the Knock-out Valuation Time 
on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is,

--- Page 413 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
413 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than 
or equal to" the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of Index Linked Condition 1 and Index Linked Condition 2 above. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage 
and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of 
the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
Definitions 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the Index or each Index comprising the Basket in each 
case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the Index or each Index comprising the Basket in each 
case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no 
Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay.

--- Page 414 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
414 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"); or 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the 
relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x) the level of such AER 
Event 1 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) 
"greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if 
AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x) 
the level of such AER Event 2 Underlying as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant 
AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); or 
(c) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth 
in Index Linked Condition 2 above.

--- Page 415 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
415 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth 
in Index Linked Condition 2 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth 
in Index Linked Condition 2 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 
Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day 
is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in 
the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". For the 
purposes of Index Linked Condition 2 above, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be 
deemed to refer to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will 
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
value, level or price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on the 
final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a 
day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or

--- Page 416 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
416 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index (other than 
a Component Security Index), the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant amount, 
level, value or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Component 
Security Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the 
Component Security Index for the Averaging Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below and the Averaging 
Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(iii) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices (other 
than a Basket of Component Security Indices), the Averaging Date for each 
Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally 
designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the 
Averaging Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index has not occurred for a number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, and (B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (c)(ii) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(iv) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Component 
Security Indices, the Averaging Date for each Component Security Index not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Date and for each Component Security Index affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level 
of the Component Security Index in accordance with the provisions of sub-
paragraph (d) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below and the Averaging 
Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (d) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(v) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including,

--- Page 417 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
417 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any 
relevant hedge positions relating to an Index); or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
maintaining the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant 
hedge position relating to an Index. 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System 
being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing 
level of such Index on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
in Index Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Index). 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of 
such Index. 
"Component Security Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or, if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Composite Index" means any Index which is either a Component Security Index or a Multi-
Exchange Index. 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which (i) the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during their regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of such Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related

--- Page 418 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
418 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Index, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprising such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business 
Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Exchange Business Day 
(All Indices Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Indices are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such 
Composite Indices is open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Composite Indices, is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, 
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during 
their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange Closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such

--- Page 419 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
419 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Composite Index is open for trading during its 
regular trading session, 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during 
their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or 
relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Composite Index is open for trading during its 
regular trading session, 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (A) any 
Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for 
on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates (each a "Hedging 
Party") is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other 
relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or futures or option 
contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to an Index. Where PRC Disruption is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 420 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
420 
(a) 
a Hedging Disruption shall include (without limitation) any inability by the Hedging Party 
as a result of compliance with any foreign ownership restrictions imposed by, the issuer 
of any share that is a security comprised in the relevant Index, any exchange or any 
court, tribunal, government or regulatory authority in the PRC or Hong Kong; and 
(b) 
the phrase "using commercially reasonable efforts" referred to above does not include 
the use of any quota granted to such Hedging Party under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor ("QFII") or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor 
("RQFII") schemes; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of securities comprised in an Index that the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a rate to borrow any security comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock 
Loan Rate. 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions, the index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
if none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the 
Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the initial 
stock loan rate specified in relation to such security in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
level of such Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Index Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Index). 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any securities 
comprised in an Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than 
the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, 
if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement"

--- Page 421 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
421 
or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging 
Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were 
to "Observation Date". 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system on 
which option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading 
Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day 
(All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Indices; 
and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such 
Composite Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its 
regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Composite Indices is scheduled to be open 
for trading during its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which:

--- Page 422 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
422 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open 
for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite 
Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open 
for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite 
Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page 
or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Days 
following a trade in the security comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement 
will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
subject as referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation 
Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, an amount equal to the 
official closing level of the Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing 
level of such Index as published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; and

--- Page 423 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
423 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each 
Index comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount equal to the official closing level of 
such Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing level of such Index 
as published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of such 
Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at 
the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date as 
the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such 
other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index (other than a Component 
Security Index), the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level or price by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Component Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level or price for such Component Security Index 
using the formula for and method of calculating such Component Security Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using: 
(A) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of 
such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike 
Date; and 
(B) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike 
Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected Component 
Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market 
Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Strike Date, is a day on which a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, 
in which case the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, amount, level 
or price of such Affected Component Security using its good faith estimate of 
the value of the relevant Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and

--- Page 424 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
424 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the relevant value, level, price or amount of the Component Security Index 
in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(c) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket 
of Component Security Indices), the Strike Date for each Index, not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike Date, and the Strike Date 
for each Index, affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, 
(i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike 
Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price using, in 
relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, using the level of that 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions; or 
(d) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, 
the Strike Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike Date, and for each Component Security 
Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, amount, level or price of that 
Component Security Index using the formula for and method of calculating that 
Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day, using: 
(A) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of 
such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike 
Date; and 
(B) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike 
Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected Component 
Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market 
Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Strike Date is a day on which a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, 
in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, amount, level 
or price of such Affected Component Security using its good faith estimate of 
the value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected Component Security 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
and 
The Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the relevant value, amount, level or price of the Component Security Index 
in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions

--- Page 425 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
425 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day". 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures 
or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means each Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index (other than a Component 
Security Index), the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price, value or amount by determining the level of 
the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of 
each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Component Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, amount, level or price level for 
such Component Security Index using the formula for and method of calculating such 
Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using: 
(A) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price 
of such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected 
Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which 
no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on which a Market Disruption

--- Page 426 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
426 
Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security. 
In that case the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, amount, level or 
price of such Affected Component Security using its good faith estimate of the 
value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected Component Security as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the relevant value, amount, level or price of the Component Security Index 
in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(c) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket 
of Component Security Indices), the Valuation Date for each Index, not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Valuation Date for each Index, affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
level, price, value or amount using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value 
as applicable, determined using the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(d) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Component Security 
Indices, the Valuation Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and for each 
Component Security Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, amount, level 
or price of that Component Security Index using the formula for and method of 
calculating that Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day, using: 
(A) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price 
of such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected 
Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which 
no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on which a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, 
in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, amount, level 
or price of such Affected Component Security using its good faith estimate of 
the value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected Component Security

--- Page 427 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
427 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines the relevant amount, amount, level or price of 
the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(e) 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if not specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
in the case of a Composite Index, means in respect of such Index: (i) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (a) 
in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any 
options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the 
Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor; or 
(y) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, means the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Interest Valuation Time 
or Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Interest Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as 
the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
8. 
Custom Index 
Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14 apply if "Custom Index" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of Index 
Linked Conditions 9 to 14 and the other Index Linked Conditions, the provisions of Index Linked 
Conditions 9 to 14 shall prevail. 
9. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption 
9.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Custom Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Custom Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor custom index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Custom Index, then in each case that 
custom index (the "Successor Custom Index") will be deemed to be the Custom Index. 
9.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption 
If (i) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the last 
Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Custom Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method to maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes in constituent components 
and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine events) (a "Custom Index 
Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Custom Index and no Successor Custom 
Index exists (a "Custom Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, an 
Observation Date or an Averaging Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor 
Custom Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Custom Index or it is not a 
Custom Index Business Day (a "Custom Index Disruption Event" and, together with a Custom

--- Page 428 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
428 
Index Modification and a Custom Index Cancellation, each a "Custom Index Adjustment 
Event"), then: 
(a) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a single Custom Index where 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (Single Custom Index Basis) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption Event 
which occurs or is occurring on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or 
last Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not 
occurring, unless there is a Custom Index Disruption Event on each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, in 
which case the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, notwithstanding the Custom Index Disruption Event 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, value or price by 
using commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the Custom 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and method of 
calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the value 
for the components of the Custom Index; 
(ii) 
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at any 
time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case occurs or is 
occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last Averaging 
Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) or a 
Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date), the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, if 
such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes and, 
if so: 
(A) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption 
Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike Date, a Valuation 
Date, an Averaging Date or Observation Date, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Strike Date, relevant Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case 
of the Strike Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be) or Valid Date 
(in the case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be) unless there is a Custom Index Disruption Event on each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the scheduled Strike Date, Valuation Date, Averaging Date 
or Observation Date, as the case may be, in which case the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Strike Date, Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as 
the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day is already an Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be) and may determine the relevant level, value 
or price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a level 
of the Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance 
with the formulae for and method of calculating the Custom Index last

--- Page 429 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
429 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event 
and using its good faith estimate of the value for the components of 
the Custom Index; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to 
select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as the 
original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and such index 
shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall be deemed to be 
the "Custom Index" for the purpose of the Notes and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the terms 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate; or 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner such other appropriate adjustments, 
if any, to be made to the terms of the Notes to account for the Custom 
Index Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or 
(D) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes, in which case it will so notify the Issuer and the Issuer will 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or Condition 11 
of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount 
to each Noteholder in respect of each redeemed Note being redeemed 
at an amount equal to the fair market value of each Note, taking into 
account the Custom Index Adjustment Event, less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner,. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be; or 
(E) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value 
of each Note taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment Event 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount") as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Custom Index Adjustment 
Event (the "Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each 
Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount plus interest 
accrued from and including the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date 
at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time; or 
(F) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs on the last 
Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation Date only, the

--- Page 430 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
430 
Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level of the Custom Index, 
using in lieu of the published level for the Custom Index as of the 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may 
be, the level of the Custom Index as of that date determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the Custom Index 
Modification but using only those components that comprised the 
Custom Index prior to the Custom Index Modification. 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices where 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (All Custom Indices Basis) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption Event 
which occurs or is occurring in respect of any Custom Index (each an "Affected 
Custom Index") on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last 
Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, for all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom 
Indices shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
on which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not occurring in respect of any of 
the Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices, unless there is a Custom 
Index Disruption Event in respect of any one of the Custom Indices in the 
Basket of Custom Indices on each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date, Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, in which case the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for 
all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices, notwithstanding the 
Custom Index Disruption Event in respect of an Affected Custom Index and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, value or price by using 
(X) in respect of any Custom Index which is not an Affected Custom Index, the 
method provided for in these Index Linked Conditions and (Y) in respect of any 
Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices which is an Affected Custom 
Index, commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the relevant 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and method 
of calculating the relevant Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the components of the Custom Index; 
(ii) 
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at any 
time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case occurs or is 
occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last Averaging 
Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) or a 
Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, if 
such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes and, 
if so: 
(A) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption 
Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike Date, a Valuation 
Date, an Averaging Date or Observation Date, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Strike Date, relevant Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for all 
Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of the 
Strike Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be) or Valid Date (in 
the case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may 
be) on which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not occurring in

--- Page 431 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
431 
respect of any Custom Index (each an "Affected Custom Index") 
comprised in the Basket of Custom Indices unless there is a Custom 
Index Disruption Event on each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled 
Strike Date, Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as 
the case may be, in which case the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Valuation Date, Averaging Date 
or Observation Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of 
an Averaging Date or Observation Date, of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is already an 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be) for all 
Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices and may determine 
the relevant level, value or price by using (X) in respect of any Custom 
Index in the Basket of Custom Indices which is not an Affected Custom 
Index, the method provided for in these Index Linked Conditions and 
(Y) in respect of any Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices 
which is an Affected Custom Index, commercially reasonable efforts to 
determine a level of the relevant Custom Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day in accordance with the formulae for and method of calculating the 
relevant Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the components of the Custom Index; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to 
select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as the 
original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and such index 
shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall be deemed to be 
a "Custom Index" for the purpose of the Notes and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the terms 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate; or 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner such other appropriate adjustments, 
if any, to be made to the terms of the Notes to account for the Custom 
Index Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or 
(D) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes in which case it will so notify the Issuer and the Issuer will 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay 
an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each redeemed Note 
being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of each 
Note, taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment Event, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition

--- Page 432 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
432 
12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be; or 
(E) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value 
of each Note taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment Event 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount") as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Custom Index Adjustment 
Event (the "Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each 
Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount plus interest 
accrued from and including the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date 
at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time; or 
(F) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs in respect of 
a Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices which occurs on the 
last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation Date only, 
the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level of such Custom 
Index, using in lieu of the published level for the Custom Index as of 
the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, the level of the Custom Index as of that date determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the Custom Index 
Modification but using only those components that comprised the 
Custom Index prior to the Custom Index Modification. 
(c) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices where 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (Per Custom Index Basis) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption Event 
which occurs or is occurring on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or 
last Observation Date, then the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, for each Custom Index not affected by the 
occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event shall be the scheduled last 
Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation Date, as the case may 
be, and the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, for each Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices affected by 
the Custom Index Disruption Event (each an "Affected Custom Index") shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a 
Custom Index Disruption Event is not occurring in respect of such Affected 
Custom Index, unless there is a Custom Index Disruption Event on each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, in 
which case the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, for the relevant Affected Custom Index and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, value or price by using 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the relevant Affected 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and method 
of calculating the relevant Affected Custom Index last in effect prior to the

--- Page 433 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
433 
occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the components of the Affected Custom Index; 
(ii) 
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at any 
time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case occurs or is 
occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last Averaging 
Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) or a 
Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date), the Calculation Agent shall 
determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Notes and, if so: 
(A) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption 
Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike Date, a Valuation 
Date, an Averaging Date or Observation Date, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Strike Date, relevant Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for each 
Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices not affected by the 
occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event shall be the 
scheduled Strike Date, Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, and the Strike Date, Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for each 
Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices affected by the Custom 
Index Disruption Event (each an "Affected Custom Index") shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the 
case of the Strike Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be) or 
Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date, as 
the case may be) on which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not 
occurring in respect of such Affected Custom Index unless there is a 
Custom Index Disruption Event on each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled 
Strike Date, Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as 
the case may be, in which case the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Valuation Date, Averaging Date 
or Observation Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of 
an Averaging Date or Observation Date, of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is already an 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be) for the 
relevant Affected Custom index and may determine the relevant level, 
value or price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine 
a level of the relevant Affected Custom Index as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
in accordance with the formulae for and method of calculating the 
relevant Affected Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate 
of the value for the components of the Custom Index; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to 
select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as the 
original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and such index 
shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall be deemed to be 
a "Custom Index" for the purpose of the Notes and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the terms 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate; or 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner such other appropriate adjustments,

--- Page 434 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
434 
if any, to be made to the terms of the Notes to account for the Custom 
Index Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or 
(D) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes in which case it will so notify the Issuer and the Issuer will 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay 
an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each redeemed Note 
being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note, 
taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment Event, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be; or 
(E) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value 
of each Note taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment Event 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount") as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Custom Index Adjustment 
Event (the "Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each 
Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount plus interest 
accrued from and including the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date 
at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time; or 
(F) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs in respect of 
a Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices on the last Valuation 
Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation Date only, the 
Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level of such Custom 
Index, using in lieu of the published level for the Custom Index as of 
the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, the level of the Custom Index as of that date determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the Custom Index 
Modification but using only those components that comprised the 
Custom Index prior to the Custom Index Modification. 
(iii) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent 
of any determination made by it pursuant to Index Linked Condition 9.2 and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such Agent shall make 
available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any such determinations.

--- Page 435 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
435 
10. 
Correction of Custom Index 
If the level of the Custom Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes, is subsequently corrected and 
the correction published by the relevant Index Sponsor within the number of days equal to the 
Custom Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used shall be the 
level of the Custom Index as so corrected, except that any corrections published after the day 
which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by 
reference to the level of the Custom Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
11. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption 
Events 
11.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may take the 
action described in (a), (b), (c) or (if applicable) (d): 
(a) 
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for 
the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the 
case may be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to select a successor 
index with a substantially similar strategy as the original Custom Index within twenty 
(20) Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (or such other number of Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the relevant 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case 
may be, and, upon selection of such index, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify 
the Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be, and such index shall become the Successor Index and deemed to be a "Custom 
Index" for the purposes of the Notes and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any to one or more of the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the terms of the Notes will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution 
Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in 
the notice referred to below which may, but need not be the date on which the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case 
may be, occurred; or 
(c) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, require the Issuer to redeem the Notes in which case it shall so notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in 
respect of each Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of each 
Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be; or

--- Page 436 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
436 
(d) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the 
Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
11.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines to take any action in respect thereof it shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
12. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
12.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
12.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out 
Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
12.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day a Custom Index Disruption Event is occurring, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Custom Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of 
"Valuation Date". 
12.4 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 437 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
437 
(i) 
in respect of a single Custom Index, that the level of the Custom Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Custom Indices, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Custom Index as the 
product in respect of each Custom Index of (x) the level of such Custom Index 
as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) 
the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) 
on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom 
Index Disruption); 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next 
following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next 
following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Custom Index, that the level of the Custom Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on 
any Knock-out Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Custom Indices, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Custom Index as the 
product in respect of each Custom Index of (x) the level of each such Custom 
Index as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 438 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
438 
(x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom 
Index Disruption); 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next 
following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next 
following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day; and 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out Value 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
13. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
13.1 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date at amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
13.2 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption: 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the Custom Index or each Custom Index comprising the 
Basket in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the Custom Index or each Custom Index comprising the 
Basket in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out an amount equal 
to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. If the product of the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is 
zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition.

--- Page 439 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
439 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"); 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the 
relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x) the level of such AER 
Event 1 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) 
"greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if 
AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x) 
the level of such AER Event 2 Underlying as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant 
AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); or 
(c) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in

--- Page 440 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
440 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom 
Index and Custom Index Disruption). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom 
Index and Custom Index Disruption). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom 
Index and Custom Index Disruption). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) as specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day, the next following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, there is a Custom Index Disruption Event occurring on such day, in which 
case, the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
14. 
Definitions relating to Custom Indices 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption; 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Custom Index Linked Condition 9.2 
(Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) 
shall apply; 
"Banking Day" means any week day except for 25 December and 1 January in any year; 
"Basket of Custom Indices" means a basket comprised of two or more Custom Indices; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency 
or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority) or the

--- Page 441 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
441 
combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any 
relevant hedge positions relating to a Custom Index; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in the 
Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Custom Index.  
"Closing Level" means, in respect of a Custom Index and a Custom Index Business Day, the 
level of such Custom Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 9 
(Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption); 
"Custom Index" or "Custom Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this 
Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption), the custom indices 
or custom index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly; 
"Custom Index Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Custom Index, Custom 
Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Custom 
Indices, Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) or Custom Index Business Day 
(Per Custom Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Custom Index Business Day 
(All Custom Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is calculated and made available 
and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of all Custom Indices in the Basket of 
Custom Indices; 
"Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)" means, in respect of a Custom 
Index, any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index 
is calculated and made available and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
"Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is calculated and made available 
and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
"Custom Index Correction Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if none is so specified, ten (10) Scheduled Custom Index Business Days following the date 
on which the original level was calculated and made available by the Index Sponsor and being 
the date after which all corrections to the level of the Custom Index shall be disregarded for the 
purposes of any calculations to be made using the level of the Custom Index; 
"Custom Index Trading Day" means, in respect of a Custom Index, any day with respect to 
which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner it is able to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any asset it deems necessary to hedge its obligations in respect of such Custom 
Index under the Notes; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom Index 
Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Force Majeure Event" means that on or after the Trade Date, the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes is prevented or materially hindered or delayed due to (a) any act, 
law, rule, regulation, judgement, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or 
administrative interference of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (b) the occurrence of 
civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, 
riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any 
other causes or impediments beyond the Issuer's or the Issuer's control, or (c) any

--- Page 442 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
442 
expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened by 
any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of all 
or substantially all of its assets in the relevant jurisdiction; 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining 
to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) 
freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or futures or option contract(s) any relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Custom Index; 
"Hedging Party Default" means any hedging counterparty in respect of the Notes announces 
its inability to meet its financial obligations, ceases its payments or a court in its jurisdiction of 
incorporation opens insolvency proceedings against it and the Issuer is unable to replace such 
hedging counterparty on terms acceptable to the Issuer; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of securities/commodities/components comprised in a 
Custom Index that the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the Issuer to hedge the equity 
or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of 
tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) 
relating to any hedge positions in the relevant Custom Index in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely 
due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a rate to borrow any security/commodity/component comprised in a Custom Index that is 
greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to a Custom Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Custom Index and (b) ensures the calculation and 
publication of the level of such Custom Index on a regular basis (directly or through an agent) 
in accordance with the rules of the Custom Index, which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is 
the index sponsor specified for such Custom Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security/commodity comprised in a Custom 
Index, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such security/commodity in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of a Custom Index and any time on a Custom Index 
Business Day, the level of such Custom Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of 
such time or such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index 
Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption); 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially 
reasonable 
efforts, 
to 
borrow 
(or 
maintain 
a 
borrowing 
of) 
any 
securities/commodities/component comprised in a Custom Index in an amount equal to the

--- Page 443 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
443 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security/commodity comprised in a 
Custom Index, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Custom Index Linked Condition 9.2 
(Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) 
above shall apply; 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Force Majeure Event, Hedging Party 
Default, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Custom 
Index, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case 
of a Basket of Custom Indices, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices 
Basis) or Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis), in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the 
applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) 
shall apply; 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)" means any Banking 
Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made available 
and (ii) that is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of all Custom Indices in 
the Basket of Custom Indices; 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)" means in respect of a 
Custom Index, any Banking Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be 
calculated and made available and (ii) that is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading Day; 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)" means any 
Banking Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made 
available and (ii) that is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading Day; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to 
each Cash Settled Note, subject to the provisions of this Annex and as referred to in "Valuation 
Date" or "Averaging Date" or "Observation Date" contained herein, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices and 
in respect of each Custom Index comprising the Basket of Custom Indices, an amount 
equal to the level for each such Custom Index as determined by the Calculation Agent 
or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of each such Custom Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the 
Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any 
of the "Strike Date", "Knock-in Determination Day", "Knock-out Determination Day", 
"Observation Date" or the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a single Custom Index, an amount 
equal to the level of the Custom Index as published by the Index Sponsor as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the level of the Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, any of the "Strike Date", "Knock-in Determination Day", "Knock-

--- Page 444 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
444 
out Determination Day", "Observation Date" or the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 20 Scheduled Custom Index Business Days; 
"Strike Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Custom Index Linked Condition 9.2 (Modification 
and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) above shall 
apply; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Price" means unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject as 
referred to in "Strike Date" above: 
(a) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a single Custom Index, an amount 
equal to the level of the Custom Index as published by the Index Sponsor as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the level of the Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices and 
in respect of each Custom Index comprising the Basket of Custom Indices, an amount 
equal to the level of each such Custom Index published by the relevant Index Sponsor, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of such Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent at 
the Valuation Time on the Strike Date multiplied by the relevant Weighting. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Averaging Date or another Observation Date does not occur; 
"Valuation Date" means each Interest Valuation Date and/or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Index Linked 
Condition 9.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption) shall apply; 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time by 
reference to which the Index Sponsor determines the level of the Custom Index. 
15. 
Equity Custom Index Provisions 
If an Index is specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of such 
Index the Asset Class Type is specified as "Equity Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of such Index, Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14 will apply, as amended and 
supplemented by Index Linked Conditions 16 to 19 below. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the provisions of Index Linked Conditions 15 to 19 and the other Index Linked 
Conditions (including Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14), the provisions of Index Linked 
Conditions 15 to 19 shall prevail. 
16. 
General (Equity Custom Indices) 
All references in the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index" shall, in 
respect of such Custom Index, be deemed to be to an Equity Custom Index. All references in 
the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index Business Day" or a

--- Page 445 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
445 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day" shall, in respect of such Custom Index be deemed to 
be to a "Scheduled Trading Day". 
17. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption (Equity Custom Indices) 
17.1 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption 
Index Linked Condition 9.2 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"If (a) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the 
last Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Custom Index or in 
any other way materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification prescribed in 
that formula or method to maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (a "Custom Index Modification"), or 
permanently cancels the relevant Custom Index and no Successor Custom Index exists (a 
"Custom Index Cancellation"), or (b) on the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, an Observation 
Date or an Averaging Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Custom Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Custom Index (a "Custom Index 
Disruption Event" and, together with a Custom Index Modification and a Custom Index 
Cancellation, each a "Custom Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Custom Index, the level for that Custom Index 
as at the Valuation Time on that Strike Date, that Valuation Date, that Observation Date 
or that Averaging Date, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Custom Index last in 
effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that 
comprised that Custom Index immediately prior to that Custom Index Adjustment 
Event; or 
(b) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment 
Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable.  If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Noteholder in respect of each Note being redeemed at an amount equal to the 
fair market value of such Note taking into account the Custom Index 
Adjustment Event, less, except if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the 
Custom Index Adjustment Event less, except if Unwind Costs are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Custom Index Adjustment Event (the 
"Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and 
on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment

--- Page 446 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
446 
Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Custom Index 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at 
a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes 
as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes.". 
17.2 
Equity Custom Index Market Disruption 
"Equity Custom Index Market Disruption Event" means either: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(i) 
an Equity Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(ii) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(iii) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index only, the aggregate of all Component Securities 
in respect of which an Equity Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early 
Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Multi-
Exchange Index. 
In the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, for the purposes of determining whether an Equity 
Custom Index Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component Security at any time, 
if an Equity Custom Index Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component 
Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to 
the level of such Multi-Exchange Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the 
level of such Multi-Exchange Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall 
level of such Multi-Exchange Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 11 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike 
Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
18. 
Correction of Equity Custom Index 
Index Linked Condition 10 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"If the level of the Custom Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant 
Successor Index Sponsor no later than five Business Days following the date of the original 
publication, the level to be used shall be the level of the Custom Index as so corrected, except 
that any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date 
for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the level of the Custom Index will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to 
be paid.".

--- Page 447 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
447 
19. 
Definitions relating to Equity Custom Indices 
"Averaging Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 7 in respect of Index 
Linked Notes relating to a single Index (that is a Component Security Index); 
"Component Security" means each component security comprising a Custom Index; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of the relevant Custom Index or (ii) an Equity Custom Index Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect 
of any Component Security prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is 
announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange system for execution at the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Equity Custom Index" or "Equity Custom Indices" means, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with this Annex 2, any index or indices specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms for which the Asset Class Type is specified as "Equity" in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Equity Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or otherwise relating to any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Custom Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which: 
(a) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Custom Index; and 
(b) 
each Exchange in respect of such Custom Index is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) closing prior to their Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for any Component Security on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security; 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Custom Index which the Calculation Agent determines to 
be a Multi-Exchange Index; 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 7; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Custom Index, any day on which: 
(a) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Custom Index; and 
(b) 
each Exchange in respect of such Custom Index is scheduled to be open for trading 
during its regular trading session; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, eight Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Strike Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 7 in respect of Index Linked 
Notes relating to a single Index (that is a Component Security Index); and 
"Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 7 in respect of Index 
Linked Notes relating to a single Index (that is a Component Security Index).

--- Page 448 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
448 
20. 
Commodity Custom Index Provisions 
If an Index is specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of such 
Index the Asset Class Type is specified as "Commodity Custom Index" in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of such Index, Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14 will apply, as amended and 
supplemented by Index Linked Conditions 21 to 24 below. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the provisions of Index Linked Conditions 20 to 24 and the other Index Linked 
Conditions (including Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14), the provisions of Index Linked 
Conditions 20 to 24 shall prevail. 
21. 
General (Commodity Custom Indices) 
All references in the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index" shall, in 
respect of such Custom Index, be deemed to be to the Commodity Custom Index. All references 
in the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index Business Day" or a 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day" shall, in respect of such Custom Index, be deemed 
to be to a "Commodity Business Day". 
22. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption (Commodity Custom 
Indices) 
22.1 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption 
Index Linked Condition 9.2 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"If (a) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the 
last Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Custom Index or in 
any other way materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification prescribed in 
that formula or method to maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes in constituent 
contracts or commodities and other routine events) (a "Custom Index Modification"), or 
permanently cancels the relevant Custom Index and no Successor Custom Index exists (a 
"Custom Index Cancellation"), or (b) on the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, an Observation 
Date or an Averaging Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Custom Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Custom Index (a "Custom Index 
Disruption Event" and, together with a Custom Index Modification and a Custom Index 
Cancellation, each a "Custom Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the Commodity Reference Price 
using, in lieu of a published level for the relevant Custom Index, the Commodity 
Fallback Value; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable.  If the Notes are so 
redeemed, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note 
being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into 
account the Custom Index Adjustment Event, less, except if Unwind Costs are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes 
as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes.". 
22.2 
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption 
(a) 
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event

--- Page 449 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
449 
"Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a relevant 
Custom Index and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of a 
Price Source Disruption, Commodity Trading Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity 
Reference Price, Limit Price Event, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content, 
Tax Disruption and/or an Index Component Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders, in accordance 
with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 11 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the occurrence of a 
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
(b) 
Consequences of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks 
Upon a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any 
Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published by the Price Source), the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, take the action described in (i), (ii) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Notes 
and, if so shall calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount 
and/or make any other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price or level 
for the relevant Custom Index the level for such Custom Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent using the Commodity Fallback Value; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity Reference Price or Index 
Component with a Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may 
be, selected by it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (each, 
a "Substitute Commodity Reference Price" or a "Substitute Index Component") for 
each Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be, (each, an 
"Affected Commodity Reference Price" or "Affected Index Component", as the 
case may be), which is affected by the Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption 
Event and the Substitute Commodity Reference Price or Substitute Index Component, 
as the case may be, will be deemed to be a "Commodity Reference Price" or an 
"Index Component", as the case may be, for the purposes of the Notes, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event 
that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to the 
Commodity Reference Price or the initial price of the Index Component, as the case 
may be, the Substitute Commodity Reference Price or the initial price of the Substitute 
Index Component, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) will be deemed to be effective as of 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner which may, but need not, be the 
relevant date of the Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event.  Such 
substitution will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable after the 
Substitution Date in accordance with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less, except if 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the

--- Page 450 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
450 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes. 
23. 
Correction of Commodity Custom Index 
Index Linked Condition 10 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Commodity 
Business Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes, if the Commodity 
Reference Price published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction 
published by the relevant Exchange or any other person responsible for the publication or 
announcement of the Commodity Reference Price within 30 calendar days of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the relevant Commodity Reference Price as so 
corrected.  Corrections published after the day which is three Commodity Business Days prior 
to a due date for payment under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining the relevant amount.". 
24. 
Definitions relating to Commodity Custom Indices 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately following Commodity Business 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a day on which a 
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing, in which case 
the provisions of Index Linked Condition 22.2(b) (Consequences of a Commodity Custom Index 
Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply; 
"Commodity Business Day" means a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source 
published (or, but for the occurrence of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event, 
would have published) a price for the relevant Custom Index; 
"Commodity Custom Index" or "Commodity Custom Indices" means, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with this Annex 2, any index or indices specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms for which the Asset Class Type is specified as "Commodity" in the applicable Final Terms 
comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, indices 
linked to a single commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an "Index 
Component"); 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means, in respect of a Custom Index, the price for such Custom 
Index, in respect of the relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
current applicable method of calculating such Custom Index using the price or level for each 
Index Component determined as follows: 
(a) 
in respect of each Index Component which is not affected by the Commodity Custom 
Index Market Disruption Event, the closing price or level or settlement price, as 
applicable, of such Index Component on such Pricing Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of each Index Component which is affected by the Commodity Custom Index 
Market Disruption Event (each an "Affected Item"), the closing price or level or 
settlement price, as applicable, for such Affected Item on the first succeeding Pricing 
Date that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Pricing 
Dates equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day.  In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the price or level of such Affected Item based upon the price at which 
the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise realise any hedge positions in respect of the Notes 
during the period of five Commodity Business Days following the last such consecutive 
Pricing Date; 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Pricing Date, the daily official level of 
the Custom Index, as published by the Price Source;

--- Page 451 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
451 
"Commodity Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation 
imposed on, trading in any relevant Index Component on the Exchange. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Index Component on any Commodity Business Day 
shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Index Component is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Index Component is suspended subsequent to the opening of 
trading on the Pricing Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly 
scheduled close of trading in such Index Component on such Pricing Date and 
such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its 
commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Index Component on any Commodity Business 
Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on 
the range within which the price of the relevant Index Component may fluctuate and 
the closing or settlement price of the relevant Index Component on such day is at the 
upper or lower limit of that range; 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the 
availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Index Component; 
"Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event 
has occurred; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Custom Index, the exchange or principal trading market for 
each Index Component comprising such Custom Index; 
"Index Component Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on 
any date between the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price published 
by the usual exchange or price source (whether by a failure of such exchange or price 
source to publish a price for an Index Component or otherwise), but is a price 
determined by the Price Source; or 
(b) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by 
the usual exchange or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such 
Pricing Date that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or 
published subject to the occurrence of market disruption or similar, or otherwise not in 
accordance with the usual, then-current, method used by such exchange or price 
source; 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Index Component has increased or 
decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to the 
maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such Index Component. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence after the Trade Date of a material change 
in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Index Component; 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence after the Trade Date of a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price 
or any Index Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately following 
Commodity Business Day. The provisions contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall 
apply if any such day is a day on which a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event 
has occurred or is continuing, mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging 
Date" were to "Observation Date";

--- Page 452 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
452 
"Price Source" means the Index Sponsor; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish 
the Commodity Reference Price, or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the Price Source; 
"Pricing Date" means each date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Strike 
Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a Valuation Date, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or the Valuation Date or if any such date is not a Commodity 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case, the relevant Pricing Date 
shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day.  In that 
case, (A) the last such consecutive Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing 
Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall take action in accordance with the provisions of Index Linked Condition 22.2(b) 
(Consequences of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks); 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as the price of any Index 
Component, determined with respect to that day for the specified Commodity Reference Price 
calculated as provided in these Index Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date; 
"Settlement Price" means the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, five Commodity Business Days; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, 
use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by 
reference to, any Index Component (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall 
gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day 
that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it would have been without that imposition, 
change or removal; and 
"Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 453 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
453 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Market Disruption ............................................................................................................... 453 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events .................................................... 453 
2.1 
Potential Adjustment Events ................................................................................. 453 
2.2 
Extraordinary Events ............................................................................................. 455 
3. 
Correction of Share Price ................................................................................................... 460 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional Disruption Events ...................... 460 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event ................................................................................ 462 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event ................................................................................... 464 
7. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 467 
8. 
GDR/ADR ........................................................................................................................... 475 
9. 
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR ........................................................................................ 475 
10. 
General (GDR/ADR) .......................................................................................................... 476 
11. 
Share Event or Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event ....... 476 
12. 
Potential Adjustment Event (GDR/ADR) ............................................................................ 476 
13. 
Extraordinary Events (GDR/ADR) ...................................................................................... 476 
14. 
Stapled Shares ................................................................................................................... 477 
15. 
General (Stapled Shares) .................................................................................................. 477 
16. 
Potential Adjustment Events (Stapled Shares) .................................................................. 477 
17. 
Extraordinary Events (Stapled Shares).............................................................................. 477 
18. 
De-Stapling ........................................................................................................................ 477 
19. 
Substitution following the occurrence of a De-Stapling ..................................................... 477 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Share Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (the "General Conditions") and the additional Terms and 
Conditions set out below (the "Share Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the 
Share Linked Conditions, the Share Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Share or a Basket 
of Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (iii) an Early Closure or (iv) if "China Connect" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) a China Connect Disruption which 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time or (b) a China Connect Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following:

--- Page 454 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
454 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (a) such 
Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the 
case may be, equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares 
or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as a result 
of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of 
relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that 
results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares 
of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events 
for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment 
Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of 
the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make 
the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of 
the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will 
be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference 
to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange 
to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the adjustment to any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the

--- Page 455 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
455 
applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the 
Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
2.2 
Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, 
Stapling, Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), or, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension, CSR Event, China Connect Share 
Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination, as the case may be, shall be 
an Extraordinary Event, the consequences of which are set forth in Share Linked 
Condition 2.2(ii) below: 
"China Connect Share Disqualification" means, on or after the Trade Date, the 
Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of 
SEHK) for the purposes of the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Service Termination" means, on or after the Trade Date, the 
announcement by any one or more of the China Connect Exchanges, SEHK, the 
CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a 
suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason 
which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares 
through the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is 
a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, 
temporary. 
"CSDCC" means the China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation. 
"CSR Event" means, in respect of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, 
any negative change in any Non-Financial Rating of a Basket Company when 
compared to such Non-Financial Rating as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Series if such change is material, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event 
or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where 
the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, 
the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in 
the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"HKSCC" means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, 
that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, falling 
after the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices 
and the ask prices in respect of a Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 
per cent. (based on an arithmetic mean average over the Relevant Period), and/or (b) 
the arithmetic mean average purchase price or the arithmetic mean average selling 
price, determined by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant Share 
on the relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period, in relation to the purchase or 
sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00, is greater than 
MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of Shares) or lower than the MID minus 
1 per cent. (in relation to a sale of Shares).  For these purposes, "MID" means an 
amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each case for the 
relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding

--- Page 456 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
456 
affecting the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, (i) all the 
Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are required 
to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the 
Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become 
legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease 
(or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the 
relevant market of the Exchange on which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, for any reason (other than a Merger 
Event or Tender Offer). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such 
Shares on the Exchange has been suspended. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or 
change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in 
a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its 
subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into 
another entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all 
such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following 
such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or 
before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or where 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the final Averaging Date or (b) in 
the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity 
or instrumentality thereof. 
"Non-Financial Rating" means the rating assigned to the Basket Company by the 
relevant non-financial rating agency being an entity assigning ratings based on 
corporate social responsibility including corporate governance and ethical business 
conduct, social and human resources policy, environmental protection policy and social 
initiatives (each such agency, a "Non-Financial Rating Agency"). 
"SEHK" means the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
"Stapling" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Share becomes a 
Stapled Share Constituent. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined

--- Page 457 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
457 
by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer may take the action 
described in (A), (C), (D) (if applicable) or (E) (in the case of Notes relating either to a 
single share or a Basket of Shares) or (B) or (F) below (in the case of Notes relating to 
a Basket of Shares): 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the 
Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options on the Shares 
traded on that options exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket of Shares, 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares in accordance with the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (F) below; 
(B) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, redeem the 
Notes in part by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the 
case may be. If the Notes are so redeemed in part the portion (the "Redeemed 
Amount") of each Note representing the affected Share(s) shall be redeemed 
and the Issuer will: 
I. 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount 
equal to the fair market value of the Redeemed Amount, taking into 
account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
II. 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, 
to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for 
such redemption in part. For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part 
of each Note after such redemption and adjustment shall remain 
outstanding with full force and effect. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be; 
(C) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, redeem all but

--- Page 458 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
458 
not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be; 
(D) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount") as soon as practicable following 
the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date 
shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to (x) the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination 
Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding 
cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected 
Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(E) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares 
traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole 
discretion shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require the Calculation 
Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will 
be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. 
If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if 
any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary 
Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise 
to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(F) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below (each, a 
"Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") of each 
Basket Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected by 
such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a 
"Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares, a "Share Company" or a 
"Basket Company" for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent 
will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and

--- Page 459 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
459 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the 
Notes was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected 
Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date or, in the case of a Stapling, the official 
closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal 
to the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy 
the following criteria, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
I. 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer and the relevant share is not already included in the Basket of 
Shares, the relevant share shall be an ordinary share of the entity or 
person (other than the Affected Basket Company) involved in the 
Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer, that is, or that as of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled 
to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, 
where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject to any 
currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading 
limitations; or 
II. 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer and a share would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in 
paragraph I above, but such share is already included in the Basket of 
Shares or such share does not satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph 
I above, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event other than a Merger 
Event or a Tender Offer: 
(a) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same 
economic sector as the Affected Basket Company; 
(b) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable 
market capitalisation, international standing and exposure as 
the Affected Basket Company in respect of the Affected 
Share; and

--- Page 460 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
460 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence a CSR Event only, the relevant 
issuer of the share shall have a comparable Non-Financial 
Rating to the Affected Basket Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Stapling, the Affected Share 
may be substituted with the Stapled Shares and the provisions of Share Linked 
Condition 14 shall apply in respect of such Stapled Shares. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Event occurs in respect 
of a Share Company or a Basket Company, which are not connected and have different 
consequences pursuant to this Share Linked Condition 2.2(ii), the Calculation Agent will 
determine which such Extraordinary Event and related consequences shall apply, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof as soon as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a Share 
Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date. 
3. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Notes calculated by reference to the 
price of a Share, if the price of the relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days 
equal to the Share Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be 
the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is 
three Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery under the Notes calculated by 
reference to the price of a Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining the relevant amount to be paid or delivered. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional Disruption Events 
4.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the 
Issuer may take the action described in (a), (b) or if applicable (c) or, in the case of Notes linked 
to a Basket of Shares only, (d) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which amount 
shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 461 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
461 
commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from and 
including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or 
(y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms); or 
(d) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the 
Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for 
Share selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an 
"Affected Share") which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, and the Substitute Share will be 
deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" 
for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if 
any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes 
are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, 
provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be 
determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Share, the Initial Price of 
each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Initial Price = A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution 
Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in 
the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case 
may be. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share.

--- Page 462 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
462 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the 
Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the 
Affected Share. 
4.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above 
provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer therefore as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence 
of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may 
be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
5.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions 
to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in 
Event. 
5.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions 
to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out 
Event. 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time the price of the Share triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price of the Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date". 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at any time during 
the one hour period that begins or ends at the time at which the price of the Share triggers the 
Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early 
Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not 
to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision no Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-
out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the 
Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the 
provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date". 
Definitions 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period.

--- Page 463 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
463 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Share that the price of the Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Shares, that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Share of each Basket Company 
as the product of (x) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any 
Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the Weighting is, 
in each case (a)(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price or (b) "within" the Knock-in Range Price, in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on the Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked Condition 2 above and as 
set forth in this Condition 5. 
"Knock-in Range Price" means the range of prices specified as such or otherwise determined 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked Condition 2. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is; or

--- Page 464 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
464 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Share, that the price of the Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a basket of Shares, the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Share as the product of (x) the 
price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-
in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-in Determination 
Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked Condition 2 above and this 
Condition 5. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
(a) 
Unless paragraph (c) below applies, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
(ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes 
will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may 
only occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only 
occur on an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Period. 
(c) 
If the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes and "Automatic Early Redemption" and "SPS 
Accumulator AER Payout" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but

--- Page 465 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
465 
not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date and the Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes by delivery of the AER Entitlement, subject as provided in Condition 4(b) 
(Physical Delivery). If the date for delivery of any AER Entitlement in respect of the 
Notes is not a Settlement Business Day, the relevant Noteholder shall not be entitled 
to delivery of the AER Entitlement until the next following Settlement Business Day. If 
this paragraph (c) applies, the provisions of (i)(A) General Conditions 3(m), 4 and 17(a) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or (B) General Conditions 3(l), 
4 and 15(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes and (ii) Share Linked 
Conditions 2, 4 and 19 shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions 
to "Entitlement" or "Entitlements" were to "AER Entitlement" and "AER Entitlements", 
respectively. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage 
and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of 
the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
Definitions 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the Share or each Share comprising the Basket in each 
case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the Share or each Share comprising the Basket in each 
case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Entitlement" means the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the 
case may be, which a Holder is entitled to receive on the Automatic Early Redemption Date in 
respect of each Note following payment of any sums payable (including Expenses as defined 
in General Condition 4(b)(A)(3) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
General Condition 4(b)(A)(3) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) rounded 
down as provided in General Condition 4(b)(A)(4) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or General Condition 4(b)(A)(4) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such AER 
Entitlement plus a cash amount (as provided herein) which amount of Relevant Asset(s) and 
cash will be the Automatic Early Entitlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no 
Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 466 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
466 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the 
relevant Exchange on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) 
if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each AER Event 1 Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x) 
the price of such AER Event 1 Underlying as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the 
relevant Weighting is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) 
"less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 
1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the price of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values of each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising the 
Basket as the product of (x) the price of such AER Event 2 Underlying as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) 
"greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Price 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); or 
(c) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Price as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked 
Condition 2 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price 1" means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked 
Condition 2 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price 2" means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked 
Condition 2 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 
Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the

--- Page 467 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
467 
definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions 
to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date".  For the purposes 
of Share Linked Condition 2 above, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer 
to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will 
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
price, level, value or amount provided that, if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted 
Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, value, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a 
day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day 
is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant amount, value, level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below;

--- Page 468 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
468 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the 
Averaging Date for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled 
Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Share affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in 
relation to such Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Share has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that such 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date) in respect of such Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant value level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Valid Date" means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not occur. 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
"Basket Companies" means all such companies. 
"Basket of Shares" means (i) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) a Relative Performance Basket; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any 
relevant hedge position relating to a Share; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in the 
Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Share. 
"China Connect Disruption" means (a) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of 
orders (whether in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) 
through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share(s) on any relevant China Connect 
Exchange or (b) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to 
enter orders in respect of the Share(s) through the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by SEHK or any relevant China Connect Exchange, as the case may be, at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for routing orders through the China 
Connect Service on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on any relevant China 
Connect Exchange at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"China Connect Exchange" means each of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen 
Stock Exchange and any other exchange in mainland China eligible for providing the China 
Connect Service from time to time.

--- Page 469 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
469 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme 
developed by the China Connect Exchanges, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (a) 
SEHK and/or its affiliates provides order routing and other related services for certain eligible 
securities traded on any relevant China Connect Exchange and (b) CSDCC and HKSCC 
provides clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the relevant Share. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance 
System being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing 
price of such Share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
in Share Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events) (as 
amended where "GDR/ADR" or "Stapled Shares" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred or (iii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the China Connect Service fails to open for routing orders during its 
regular order routing session. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business 
Day (Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Exchange Business Day 
(All Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are 
open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the China Connect Service is open for routing orders in respect 
of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares and traded and cleared through the China 
Connect Service during its regular order routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect 
Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which (i) the relevant Exchange and relevant Related Exchange, if any, in 
respect of such Share are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled 
Closing Time and (ii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 470 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
470 
in respect of such Share, the China Connect Service is open for routing orders in respect of 
such Share during its regular order routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect 
Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(i) the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or 
relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) the China 
Connect Service is open for routing orders during its regular order routing sessions, 
notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (each a "Hedging 
Party") is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other 
relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option 
contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to a Share. Where PRC Disruption is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)  
a Hedging Disruption shall include (without limitation) any inability by the Hedging Party 
as a result of compliance with any foreign ownership restrictions imposed by, in the 
case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Share Company or in the 
case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the Basket Company, any 
exchange or any court, tribunal, government or regulatory authority in the PRC or Hong 
Kong; and 
(b) 
the phrase "using commercially reasonable efforts" referred to above does not include 
the use of any quota granted to such Hedging Party under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor ("QFII") or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor 
("RQFII") schemes. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Shares that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a rate to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 471 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
471 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has 
instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to 
by the Share Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
published or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Share Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment 
Events and Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" or "Stapled Shares" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Italian Securities Reference Price" means the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means, in 
relation to a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the price for such Share published by the 
Italian Stock Exchange at the close of trading for such day and having the meaning ascribed 
thereto in the Rules of the Market organised and managed by the Italian Stock Exchange, as 
such Rules may be amended by the Borsa Italiana S.p.a from time to time. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" 
or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging 
Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were 
to "Observation Date". 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each 
case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on 
which option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket 
Company specified in the applicable Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and 
where the Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Share which is

--- Page 472 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
472 
either (i) the best performing, (ii) the worst performing, or (iii) any other performance measure 
that is applied to the Shares, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange, a Related Exchange or (if 
"China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the China Connect 
Service and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange, 
such Related Exchange or such China Connect Service, as the case may be, on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to 
after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of 
the China Connect Service) any after hours or any other order routing outside of the regular 
order routing session hours, subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading 
Day (Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day 
(All Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, (i) any 
day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading 
in respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading 
sessions and (ii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing 
sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, (i) any 
day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions and (ii) if "China 
Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Share, the 
China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing 
sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which (i) the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions and (ii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for routing orders 
for its regular order routing sessions. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page 
or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Days 
following a trade in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject as referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation 
Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, an amount equal to the 
official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date or if, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the

--- Page 473 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
473 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined 
and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not 
a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair 
market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) for the Share based, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the 
trading of the Share (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), 
such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the 
Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the 
Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares and in respect of each 
Share comprising the Basket of Shares, an amount equal to the official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share) on (A) if Averaging is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of 
the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price 
(or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for such Share whose official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the relevant Share (or on such other 
factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, 
such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the 
Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, 
as the case may be. 
"Shares" and "Share" mean in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, 
each share and, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the share, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the 
company that has issued such Share. 
"Share Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle.

--- Page 474 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
474 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such 
other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Stapled Shares" mean the two or more shares that are attached to each other, such that: 
(a) 
each such share may not be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased or otherwise 
dealt with as an individual share and may only be dealt with as a single unit of such 
attached shares; 
(b) 
such attached shares are issued with a single ISIN; and 
(c) 
where applicable, such attached shares are listed and admitted to trading as a single 
unit, 
each constituent share comprising the Stapled Shares being a "Stapled Share Constituent". 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike Date, is less than 5 per 
cent., or such percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no 
Strike Price is stipulated in the applicable Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark price 
for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Strike Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price in accordance with its good 
faith estimate of the relevant price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the Strike Date for 
each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Strike Date, and the Strike Date for each Share affected (each an "Affected Item") by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant price using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price determined using its good 
faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day". 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise

--- Page 475 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
475 
(a) relating to the Share or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or value in accordance 
with its good faith estimate of the relevant value or price as of the Valuation Time on 
that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date 
for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Share affected (each an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant price or value using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price 
determined using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions; and 
"Valuation Time" means Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (i) if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, in relation to each Share to be valued provided that if the relevant Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual 
closing time for its regular trading session, then the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time or (ii) in the case of Share Linked 
Notes relating to Shares in respect of which "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Scheduled Closing Time of the China Connect Service on the relevant Strike Date, Valuation 
Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each such Share 
to be valued, provided that, if the China Connect Service closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the specified Interest Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after 
the actual closing time for its regular order routing session, then the Interest Valuation Time or 
the Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
8. 
GDR/ADR 
Share Linked Conditions 9 to 13 (inclusive) apply where "GDR/ADR" is specified in respect of 
the shares specified to be GDRs/ADRs in as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR 
"ADR" means an American Depositary Receipt; 
"Conversion Event" means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, results (or will result) in the 
GDRs and/or ADRs being converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed Notes of the 
issuer of the Underlying Shares;

--- Page 476 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
476 
"GDR" means a Global Depositary Receipt; and 
"Underlying Shares" means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be. 
10. 
General (GDR/ADR) 
Save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the General 
Conditions and the Share Linked Conditions to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs 
or ADRs, as applicable and/or the Underlying Shares, references to the "Share Company" or 
"Basket Company", as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs or ADRs, 
as the case may be, and the issuer of the Underlying Shares and references to the "Exchange" 
shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as 
the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying 
Shares are listed, and with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent 
may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, consider necessary or 
otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the 
Noteholders. 
11. 
Share Event or Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs 
(A), (B), (C), (D), (E) or (F) set out in Share Linked Condition 2.2(ii).  The Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence of the Share 
Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
"Share Event" means each of the following events: 
(a) 
written instructions have been given by the issuer to the depositary of the Underlying 
Shares to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; 
(b) 
the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) set out in Share 
Linked Condition 4.1.  The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be, stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto. 
"Additional Disruption Event" is defined in Share Linked Condition 7. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" is defined in Share Linked Condition 7. 
If an event constitutes both a Share Event and an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent shall, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determine which of these events such event constitutes. 
12. 
Potential Adjustment Event (GDR/ADR) 
The following additional event shall be deemed added to paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Potential Adjustment Event in Share Linked Condition 2.1: 
and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or 
rights relating to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares. 
13. 
Extraordinary Events (GDR/ADR) 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Linked 
Condition 2.2 (Extraordinary Events) after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms)": 
"Conversion Event, Share Event"

--- Page 477 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
477 
14. 
Stapled Shares 
Share Linked Conditions 14 to 19 (inclusive) apply where "Stapled Shares" is specified as 
applicable in respect of shares specified to be Stapled Shares in the applicable Final Terms. 
15. 
General (Stapled Shares) 
Except as provided in Share Linked Conditions 16 and 19 (inclusive) and save where 
specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the General Conditions, and the 
Share Linked Conditions to the "Shares" or a "Share" shall, in respect of the shares specified 
to be Stapled Shares, be deemed to be to the "Stapled Shares" or a "Stapled Share 
Constituent", as applicable, references to the "Share Company" or "Basket Company", as 
applicable, shall be deemed to be to each issuer of a Stapled Share Constituent. 
16. 
Potential Adjustment Events (Stapled Shares) 
References to "Shares" in Share Linked Condition 2.1 (Potential Adjustment Events) shall be 
deemed to be references to "Stapled Shares and each Stapled Share Constituent". 
17. 
Extraordinary Events (Stapled Shares) 
17.1 
References to "Shares" in the definitions of Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation and 
Stapling and related provisions in Share Linked Condition 2.2 (Extraordinary Events) shall be 
deemed to be references to "Stapled Share Constituent". 
17.2 
The following additional event shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Linked 
Condition 2.2 after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
(a) 
"De-Stapling". 
18. 
De-Stapling 
Upon the occurrence of a De-Stapling, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs 
(A), (C), (D) (if applicable) or (E) of Share Linked Condition 2.2(ii) (in the case of Notes relating 
to either a single unit of Stapled Shares or a Basket of Shares comprising one or more Stapled 
Shares) or the action described in paragraph (B) of Share Linked Condition 2.2(ii) or in Share 
Linked Condition 19 below (in respect of a Basket of Shares comprising one or more Stapled 
Shares).  The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes stating the occurrence of 
the De-Stapling, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
"De-Stapling" means the Stapled Shares become detached, such that: 
(a) 
one or more Stapled Share Constituent may be held, owned, sold, transferred, 
purchased and otherwise dealt with as an individual share; and/or 
(b) 
where applicable, one or more Stapled Share Constituent(s) shall be listed and 
admitted to trading separately. 
19. 
Substitution following the occurrence of a De-Stapling 
If the Issuer elects to substitute the Stapled Shares following the occurrence of a De-Stapling 
in accordance with Share Linked Condition 18, on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event 
Effective Date, the Calculation Agent will adjust the Basket of Shares to substitute one or more 
shares selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out below (the "Substitute Share") for 
the Stapled Shares (the "Affected Stapled Shares") affected by such De-Stapling and the 
Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such share a 
"Basket Company" for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of the General Conditions and these Share Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate, provided that, in the event that any amount payable under the Notes 
was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Stapled Shares, the Initial

--- Page 478 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
478 
Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the Affected Stapled Shares; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the Affected Stapled Shares on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to 
below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of the Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of 
the relevant Affected Stapled Shares. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following 
criteria, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner: 
(i) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as the issuers 
of the Affected Stapled Shares; and 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the issuers of the Affected Stapled Shares.

--- Page 479 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
479 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Delay in Publication............................................................................................................ 479 
2. 
Successor Index ................................................................................................................. 480 
3. 
Adjustments ....................................................................................................................... 480 
3.1 
Successor Index.................................................................................................... 480 
3.2 
Substitute Inflation Index Level ............................................................................. 481 
3.3 
Index Level Adjustment Correction ....................................................................... 481 
3.4 
Currency ................................................................................................................ 481 
3.5 
Rebasing ............................................................................................................... 482 
3.6 
Index Modification ................................................................................................. 482 
3.7 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event ..................................................................................................................... 483 
3.8 
Index Cancellation ................................................................................................ 483 
4. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 483 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (the "General Conditions") and the additional Terms and 
Conditions set out below (the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the 
Inflation Linked Conditions set out below, the Inflation Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Index 
has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to 
any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer with respect to such Determination Date (the 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to 
Inflation Linked Condition 3.2 below), as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
corresponding index level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related 
Bond; or 
(b) 
if (a) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (b) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by 
reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being 
determined. 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level is being determined.

--- Page 480 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
480 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 
calendar months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be, of any Substitute Inflation Index Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant 
Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be 
used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant 
to this Inflation Linked Condition 1 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
2. 
Successor Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it 
will not longer continue to publish or announce the Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the 
Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in 
lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a "Successor Index" by reference to the corresponding 
successor index determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (x) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms or (y) a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
publish or announce the Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Index 
specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement Index is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, such replacement index 
shall be designated a "Successor Index"; 
(c) 
if no Successor Index has been deemed under (a) or (b) the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Index 
should be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such 
index will be deemed the "Successor Index"; if three responses are received, and two 
or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the "Successor Index"; if fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date 
or if each of the responses state different indices the Calculation Agent will determine 
an appropriate alternative index for such affected payment date, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Index"; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, there 
will be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to 
have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the 
Successor Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes. Notice of 
the determination of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the 
occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
3. 
Adjustments 
3.1 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 2, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any amount 
payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent

--- Page 481 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
481 
deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. The Issuer 
shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
3.2 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with 
Inflation Linked Condition 1, the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments (without 
limitation) to (x) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance with Index Linked 
Condition 1 and/or (y) any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of 
the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such 
adjustment in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
the case may be. 
3.3 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by the 
Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation 
Linked Condition 3.5(B)below, later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be 
used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price 
Index, the ESP National- Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-
Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published or 
announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant 
Determination Date will be valid and the revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference 
Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any valid revision in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in respect of which 
a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected 
the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment 
to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is 
payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any 
such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a 
Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the 
Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any 
calculation or determination under the Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall 
be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (B) request 
the Issuer to make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or 
publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a 
result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of 
any determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with any adjustment or amount in respect 
thereof, in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
the case may be. 
3.4 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency 
(whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation

--- Page 482 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
482 
Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the any amount payable under 
the Notes, and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount 
is payable by the Issuer), the Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments to such amount 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall give notice 
to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
3.5 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent 
may make (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
adjustments as are made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to 
the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (B) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels 
reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased and in each case the Issuer 
may make any adjustment(s) to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other term of 
the Notes as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) 
above would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may redeem 
each Note on a date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, at its fair market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of redemption taking into account the 
rebasing, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging 
arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the Notes or determination pursuant to 
this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
3.6 
Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent may (A) if Related 
Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make any adjustments to the Index, 
any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
any amount payable under the Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related 
Bond as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, or (B) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms or 
a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred make only those adjustments to the relevant 
Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other term of the Notes (including, without limitation, any 
amount payable under the Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner for the modified Index to continue as the Index 
and to account for the economic effect of the Index Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after 
the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may determine 
either (a) to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination 
made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Determination Date, in which case the 
relevant Index Modification will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately 
succeeding Determination Date such that the provisions of sub-paragraph 3.1 above will apply, 
or, (b) notwithstanding that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to 
make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with sub-paragraph 
3.1 above.

--- Page 483 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
483 
3.7 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem each Note on the date notified 
by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as the case may be, at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any 
redemption of the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
3.8 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, at its fair market value 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the 
Index Cancellation, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging 
arrangements. Notice of any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be. 
4. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in the 
Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of 
the Notes; 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, three Business Days prior to such 
Determination Date, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of the Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of 
any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or 
prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the 
government of the country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon 
or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which 
falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity

--- Page 484 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
484 
Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity 
before the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If 
the Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation 
Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but 
not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those 
inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-
linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation 
Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions 
relating to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index" or "Indices" means the index or indices specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor 
Index exists. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of the relevant Index which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the index sponsor in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, 
regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the 
Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the 
period for which the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Related 
Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond 
determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the

--- Page 485 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
485 
applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related 
Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the Maturity Date, 
unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased 
or cancelled, (b) the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for 
whatever reason, or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will 
be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event. 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given to it in under Inflation Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index 
level determined by the Issuer in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 3 above.

--- Page 486 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
486 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Market Disruption ............................................................................................................... 486 
2. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks ............................ 486 
3. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index ................................................................................... 487 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports a Commodity Index .............. 487 
3.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Commodity Index ........................ 488 
4. 
Correction of Commodity Reference Price ........................................................................ 488 
5. 
Knock-in-Event and Knock-out Event ................................................................................ 488 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption ............................................................................................. 490 
7. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event .................................................................................................................................. 492 
8. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 493 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Commodity Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (the "General Conditions") and the additional Terms and 
Conditions set out below (the "Commodity Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion 
in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and 
the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a relevant Commodity or Commodity Index 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source Disruption, 
Trading Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, Limit Price Event; 
and in addition 
(b) 
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than Gold, Silver, 
Platinum or Palladium, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content and/or 
Tax Disruption; and in addition 
(c) 
in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Issuer and the relevant Agent of 
if it has determined that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by holders copies 
of any such determinations. 
2. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks 
Upon a Market Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Pricing Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the 
Price Source), the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, take the action described in (a), (b) or (c) below which it deems appropriate. 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Notes 
and, if so shall calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount 
and/or make any other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price for that 
Commodity or Commodity Index, as the case may be, the price for that Commodity or 
Commodity Index as determined by the Calculation Agent using the Commodity 
Fallback Value; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity, Commodity Reference 
Price or Index Component with a Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index 
Component, as the case may be, selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out 
below (each, a "Substitute Commodity", "Substitute Commodity Reference Price"

--- Page 487 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
487 
or a "Substitute Index Component"), as the case may be, for each Commodity, 
Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be (each, an 
"Affected Commodity", "Affected Commodity Reference Price" or "Affected Index 
Component", as the case may be) which is affected by the Market Disruption Event 
and the Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price, or Substitute 
Index Component, as the case may be, will be deemed to be a "Commodity", the 
"Commodity Reference Price" or an "Index Component", as the case may be, for 
the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, 
to any one or more of the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that 
in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by 
reference to the initial price of the Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price or the 
Index Component, as the case may be, the initial price of each Substitute Commodity, 
Substitute Commodity Reference Price or Substitute Index Component, as the case 
may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity, the Substitute Commodity shall be 
valued on the basis of a futures contract on similar terms to, with a delivery date 
corresponding with and relating to the same Commodity as the Affected Commodity.  
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity Reference Price, the Substitute 
Commodity Reference Price shall be a benchmark, price or quotation selected by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and 
which in its determination is or will be used by market participants as a substitute for 
the Affected Commodity Reference Price.  
In order to be selected as a Substitute Index Component, the Substitute Index 
Component shall be an alternative futures contract or commodity index relating to a 
futures contract on similar terms to the Affected Index Component. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) will be deemed to be effective as of 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner which may, but need not, be the 
relevant date of the Market Disruption Event.  Such substitution will be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable after the Substitution Date in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be; or 
(c) 
the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
The relevant Final Terms may specify Additional Disruption Fallback(s) that will apply. 
3. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor commodity index using, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index, then in each case

--- Page 488 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
488 
that commodity index (the "Successor Commodity Index") will be deemed to be the 
Commodity Index. 
3.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Commodity Index 
If (a) on or prior to the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the Final Interest Pricing 
Date or the Final Pricing Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make 
a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Commodity Index 
or in any other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Commodity Index in the event of changes 
in constituent contracts or commodities and other routine events) (a "Commodity Index 
Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Commodity Index and no Successor 
Commodity Index exists (a "Commodity Index Cancellation"), or (b) on any Averaging Date, 
Observation Date, Interest Pricing Date or other Pricing Date, the Index Sponsor or (if 
applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Commodity 
Index (a "Commodity Index Disruption" and, together with a Commodity Index Modification 
and a Commodity Index Cancellation, each a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant price, level or value 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback 
Value; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be.  If the Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in 
respect of each Note being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of a 
Note, taking into account the Commodity Index Adjustment Event, less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
4. 
Correction of Commodity Reference Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to a Commodity 
Reference Price, if the Commodity Reference Price published on a given day and used or to 
be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other person 
responsible for the publication or announcement of the Commodity Reference Price within 30 
calendar days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant 
Commodity as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Business Days 
prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to a Commodity 
Reference Price will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Knock-in-Event and Knock-out Event 
5.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event, 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
5.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out 
Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination

--- Page 489 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
489 
Day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not 
to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of 
determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time 
during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the Commodity Reference 
Price triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event occurs or 
exists, then, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
5.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in the case of a single Commodity, that the Commodity Reference Price 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day is and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values calculated for each 
Commodity as the product of (x) the Specified Price as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) 
on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Level" means the price, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 1 and Commodity Linked Condition 3; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following 
Commodity Business Day; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following 
Commodity Business Day; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 490 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
490 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in the case of a single Commodity, that the Specified Price determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day is and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Commodity as the 
product of (x) the Commodity Reference Price as of the Knock-out Valuation 
Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than 
or equal to" the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Level" means the price, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 1 and Commodity Linked Condition 3; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following 
Commodity Business Day; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following 
Commodity Business Day; and 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date at the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period.

--- Page 491 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
491 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the Commodity or each Commodity comprising the Basket 
in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the Commodity or each Commodity comprising the Basket 
in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage 
and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of 
the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Specified Price in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying 
determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, (aa) "greater 
than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal 
to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms); 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Price in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, (aa) "greater 
than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal 
to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 2 as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); or 
(c) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 492 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
492 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Price as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 3 above; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price 1" means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price 2" means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms.  For the purposes of Commodity Linked Condition 3, any 
references to "Final Pricing Date" shall be deemed to refer to "Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the Specified Price of such AER Event 
1 Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the Specified Price of such AER Event 
2 Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9  or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be.  If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him, which amount shall be the fair market 
value of a Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any related 
underlying hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and

--- Page 493 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
493 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
8. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Basket Component" means any Commodity or Commodity Index comprised in a Basket of 
Commodities; 
"Basket of Commodities" means a basket comprising two or more Commodities and/or 
Commodity Indices; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in the 
Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of 
the Notes. 
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked 
Conditions, the commodity (or commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or 
commodities) specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, each of climatic variables, freight rates 
and emissions allowances may be a Commodity for the purposes of these Commodity Linked 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Commodity Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Commodity or 
Commodity Index is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is 
(or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a 
day on which each relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular 
trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled closing time; or 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published), a price for 
the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, a day on which the Commodity Reference 
Price in respect of all the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or 
announced in accordance with (i) and (ii) above; 
"Commodity Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Commodity, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the 
Calculation Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its Commodity Reference Price 
for the relevant Pricing Date of the relevant Commodity, provided that if only three such 
quotations are so provided, the Commodity Fallback Value shall be the Commodity 
Reference Price remaining after disregarding the Commodity Reference Prices having 
the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or lowest, one only of

--- Page 494 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
494 
them).  If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed that such 
value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith estimate of 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, the price for such 
Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, in respect of the 
relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the current applicable 
method of calculating such Commodity Index or the method for determining the value 
of the Basket of Commodities, as the case may be using the price or level for each 
Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, determined as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, which is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, the closing price or 
level or settlement price, as applicable, of such Index Component or Basket 
Component, as the case may be, on such Pricing Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, which is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each an "Affected Item"), 
the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, for such Affected 
Item on the first succeeding Pricing Date that is not a Commodity Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Pricing Dates equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Pricing Date is a Commodity Disrupted Day.  In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the 
Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price or level of such 
Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or 
otherwise realise any hedge positions in respect of the Notes during the period 
of five Commodity Business Days following the last such consecutive Pricing 
Date; 
"Commodity Index" means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or an 
index comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, 
indices linked to a single commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an 
"Index Component"); 
"Commodity Reference Price" means (i) in respect of any Commodity or any Commodity 
Index, the Commodity Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month 
for delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable 
of being determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date 
or that month and year; 
(b) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration of 
the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(c) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price when a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced 
by the Price Source).  A Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no Disruption Fallback is specified, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant actions in accordance with Commodity Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a 
Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks). 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means (A) the permanent discontinuation 
of trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (B) the disappearance

--- Page 495 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
495 
of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity or Index Component or (C) the disappearance or 
permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding 
the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract, Commodity or Index Component; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for 
such Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price 
and in the case of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market for each Index 
Component comprising such Commodity Index; 
"Final Pricing Date" or "Final Interest Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Final Pricing Date" shall be deemed 
to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Final Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future 
delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity 
referred to in that Commodity Reference Price; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the commodity price risk or any other relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes. 
"Index Component Disruption Event" means. 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on 
any date between the Effective Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price published 
by the usual exchange or price source, but is a price determined by the Price Source; 
or 
(b) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by 
the usual exchange or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such 
Pricing Date that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or 
published subject to the occurrence of market disruption or similar, or otherwise not in 
accordance with the usual, then-current, method used by such exchange or price 
source; 
"Initial Pricing Date" or "Initial Interest Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Initial Pricing Date" shall be deemed 
to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Initial Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component 
and any time on a Pricing Date, the Relevant Price of such Commodity, Commodity Index or 
Index Component at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Commodity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
and Disruption Fallbacks) and if applicable Commodity Linked Condition 3 (Adjustments to a 
Commodity Index); 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index Component 
has increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount 
equal to the maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such 
Commodity or Index Component; 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material change 
in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract or, in 
the case of a Commodity Index, Index Component;

--- Page 496 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
496 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price 
or any Index Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery 
Date and a Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that 
numerical adjective, so that, for example, (A) "First Nearby Month" means the month of 
expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; (B) "Second Nearby 
Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following that 
Pricing Date; and (C) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures 
Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any event specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange 
or Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or 
prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish 
the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price, or (B) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the Price Source; 
"Pricing Date" or "Interest Pricing Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms as 
being the Initial Pricing Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Pricing Date or if any such date is not a Commodity 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day in which case the relevant 
Pricing Date or Interest Pricing Date, as applicable, shall be the first succeeding Commodity 
Business Day that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Commodity Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Pricing Date or Scheduled Interest Pricing Date, as the case may be, 
is a Commodity Disrupted Day.  In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Commodity Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date or Interest Pricing Date, as the case may be, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall take action in accordance with the provisions of Commodity Linked Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks). 
References in these Conditions to "Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of any "Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per unit of the 
Commodity, the price of the Commodity Index or any Index Component, determined with 
respect to that day for the Specified Commodity Reference Price calculated as provided in 
these Commodity Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Commodity Business Days or such 
other number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity Index, 
(A) the closing or (B) daily official level of such Commodity Index and in respect of any other 
Commodity Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must be a price reported in or 
by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price 
Source), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so 
specified): (A) the high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the high price and the low 
price; (D) the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the 
average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; (J) the official settlement

--- Page 497 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
497 
price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; (N) the spot price; or 
(O) any other price specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Pricing Date; 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" or "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date" means any original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Market Disruption Event, would have been a 
Pricing Date. References in these Conditions to "Scheduled Pricing Date" shall be deemed to 
apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Business Day is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a 
day is a Hybrid Business Day, a Commodity Business Day; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, 
use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by 
reference to, the relevant Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index or any Index 
Component (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by 
any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, 
change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a 
Pricing Date from what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal; and 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, 
Index Component on the Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract, 
commodity index or commodity on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material 
only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component is 
suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, trading 
does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such 
Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on 
such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour 
preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material 
only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of 
the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, 
may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant Futures Contract, 
Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on such day is at the upper or 
lower limit of that range.

--- Page 498 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
498 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 498 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events ................................................................................................ 503 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events ..................................................................... 508 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event ................................................................ 508 
5. 
Interest Payment Date/Redemption/Termination Date Extension ..................................... 511 
6. 
Fund Index Adjustment Event ............................................................................................ 512 
7. 
Definitions relating to Euro Funds ...................................................................................... 513 
8. 
Failure to publish the Gross Rate of Return ...................................................................... 514 
9. 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Events ........................................................................................ 514 
10. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event ....................................................... 516 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, (the "General Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set 
out below (the "Fund Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Fund Linked 
Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
Fund Linked Conditions 1 to 6 (inclusive) apply to Fund Linked Notes other than Fund Linked Notes 
relating to Euro Funds. 
1. 
Definitions 
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, EUR 100,000,000, or (ii) a Hedge Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or 
the equivalent in any other currency. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund 
Business Day. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs in respect of one or 
more Funds comprising the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, which has or, 
in the event that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, 
together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, equal 
to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, 50 per cent. 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, each day which is a Fund Business Day. 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, the date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Maturity Date 
or Termination Date, as the case may be. 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, the date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund or Private Equity Fund or, in the case of a Fund 
Index, each Fund Index Component comprised in such Fund Index.

--- Page 499 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
499 
"Fund Basket" means where the Fund Linked Notes are linked to the performance of Fund 
Shares of more than one Fund or more than one Fund Index, a basket comprising such Fund 
Shares or Fund Indices, as the case may be. 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to a single Fund, Fund Business Day 
(Single Fund Share Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, either Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
applicable Final Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Basket or a 
Fund Index, a date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund 
Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or 
could have, a subscription or redemption order for each such Fund Share executed at the NAV 
per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes 
or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date 
(i) that is a Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedge 
Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed 
at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a 
date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, 
a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such 
value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Documents" means with respect to any Fund Share, the offering document of the 
relevant Fund in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and 
conditions relating to such Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents 
or agreements in respect of the Fund, as further described in any Fund Document. 
"Fund Index" means an index comprising one or more funds (each such Fund comprising a 
Fund Index a "Fund Index Component") and specified as a Fund Index in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Fund Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of the Fund Index, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified in 
respect of a Fund Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to 
provide services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the 
Fund Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management 
company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar 
and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fund Share(s)" means (i) an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or 
any other interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) in the case of a Fund 
Index, the shares (or other ownership interest) in a Fund Index Component comprised in such 
Fund Index. 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, 
the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV 
per Fund Share. 
"Hedge Fund" means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, an 
affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor,

--- Page 500 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
500 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  The Hedge 
Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed 
to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance 
of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation 
Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the 
relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to 
have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor 
holding a Fund Share at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the 
Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount (which may never be less than zero) 
equal to the present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any 
scheduled but unpaid payments under the Notes in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date to (and including) the Maturity Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, taking into account, without 
limitation, such factors as the net proceeds actually received from the redemption or sale of any 
Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund Shares and any transaction costs. 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the earlier of (i) the date on which the Hedge Provider receives 
redemption proceeds in full in respect of its holding of Fund Shares (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled Maturity Date) or (ii) the Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if not so specified the Hedging Date. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Fund Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 10 Fund Business Days. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any 
(i) reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity 
with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity, is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of an Entity that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which the Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following 
such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final Calculation Date. For the purposes of this definition 
of "Merger Event" only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund Shares or the shares of any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall mean the 
applicable Fund or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require. 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 501 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
501 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and a Fund Business 
Day, (i) the net asset value per Fund Share as of the related Fund Valuation Date, as reported 
by the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the 
Fund to its investors or a publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund 
publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value 
per Fund Share calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset 
value of the Fund Shares divided by the number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding as of 
the related Fund Valuation Date. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share 
has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any 
time during the related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction 
that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
Fund Documents or any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of 
its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund 50 per cent., or (ii) a Hedge Fund 50 per 
cent. 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final 
Calculation Date. 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days, 
or (ii) a Hedge Fund, 10 calendar days. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund 
Business Day. 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined as: 
(a) 
If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the greater of: 
(1) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(2) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(ii) 
the Simple Interest; or 
(b) 
If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is not specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Implied Embedded Option Value. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Private Equity Fund" means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Business Day is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a 
day is a Hybrid Business Day, a Fund Business Day;

--- Page 502 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
502 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Cash Settled Note, subject to the provisions of 
this Annex and as referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date" or "Observation Date", 
as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Fund Indices and in respect of 
each Fund Index comprising the Basket of Fund Indices, an amount (which shall be 
deemed to be a monetary value in the Fund Index Currency) equal to the official level 
for each such Fund Index published by the Fund Index Sponsor as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of each 
such Fund Index determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on (a) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date, Observation 
Date or the Valuation Date, as the case maybe, or (b) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund Index, an amount equal to 
the official level of the Fund Index published by the Fund Index Sponsor as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of 
the Fund Index determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on (a) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date, Observation 
Date or the Valuation Date, as the case maybe, or (b) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or 
the Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount 
of interest that would accrue on the Implied Embedded Option Value during the period from 
(and including) the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and excluding) the 
later of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the date falling five Business Days after the Implied 
Embedded Option Value Determination Date calculated on the basis that such interest were 
payable by the Floating Rate Payer under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA Definitions") published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the Notes, 
provided that, the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, select any successor or replacement definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives), in which case ISDA Definitions 
will mean any such successor or replacement definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions) 
under which: 
(a) 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
(b) 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
(c) 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date; 
(d) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EONIA-Swap Index (if the Specified Currency is 
EUR) or Federal Funds–H.15 (if the Specified Currency is USD); 
(e) 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified minus 0.125 per cent.; 
(f) 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
(g) 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each 
date falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
(h) 
"Compounding" is "Inapplicable". 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
day is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day 
is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day.

--- Page 503 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
503 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or 
Fund Service Provider, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of 
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Termination Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, (i) the Principal Protected Termination Amount, or (ii) the Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer, as provided herein, and 
specified in the notice given to Noteholders in accordance with Fund Linked Condition 4.2(c), 
or (ii) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Fund Business 
Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund 
Events), "Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or 
after the Trade Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
(a) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund 
Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, 
custodian, prime brokerage, or any other relevant business (as applicable) (ii) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of 
its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or 
home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above and either 
(x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a 
secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued 
on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events 
specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or

--- Page 504 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
504 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
(a) 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, could materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies 
of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
(b) 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any 
Fund Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) 
any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is 
commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key 
personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings 
could, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events: 
(a) 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and 
is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage 
of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) cause, the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund 
Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the Fund 
Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value 
of the Fund Shares or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; 
or 
(b) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund 
or a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund 
Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of 
the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever 
described, including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests), from 
those set out in the Fund Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential 
modification or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature; 
(b) 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund 
invests, or (ii) the Fund purports to track; 
(c) 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of the Fund 
Documents or to the Fund's liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which 
does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the 
Fund Share relates (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares issued by the 
Fund); 
(d) 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
(e) 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund 
Documents so that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same 
currency as it was as at the Trade Date;

--- Page 505 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
505 
(f) 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under 
the legislation of its relevant jurisdiction; or 
(g) 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the 
Fund Documents) of shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines 
taking into consideration the potential cross-liability between classes of shares or units 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that such new class or series has or 
may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation 
to the Notes; 
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share; 
(b) 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund 
Share; 
(c) 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
(d) 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, would make 
it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund 
Share; 
(e) 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the 
Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the 
Number of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination 
of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a 
technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the entity responsible 
for such publication; 
(f) 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share 
when such asset prices could have been obtained from independent sources and the 
asset prices from independent sources materially diverge from the asset prices 
provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
(g) 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level; 
(h) 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share is 
inaccurate, or (ii) the reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the 
net asset value of the Fund Shares; 
(i) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
(j) 
(i) in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the 
NAV per Fund Share is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or 
the NAV per Fund Share communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in 
respect of the same date, (ii) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse 
to provide an unqualified audit report, in respect of the Fund, and/or (iii) the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, does not deem 
the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share to be 
representative of the actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share; 
Reporting Events: 
(a) 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause 
to be delivered or published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or 
publish, or agreed to cause to be delivered or published, to the Calculation Agent or 
Hedge Provider, or (ii) information that has been previously delivered to the Hedge 
Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its 
authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems 
necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's

--- Page 506 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
506 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any 
other similar policies relating to the Fund Share; or 
(b) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable 
time, with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested 
regarding the investment portfolio or other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
(a) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on 
any hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes 
(a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period 
of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, 
used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by 
seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that 
the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps 
which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out 
above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes 
apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; or 
(b) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of 
any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority 
in respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or 
existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the 
Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares, (iv) the Hedge 
Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of 
or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging 
arrangements relating to the Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting 
or regulatory treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider that is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or other activities or 
undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund 
Shares, including any Hedge Provider; 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
(a) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any 
change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any 
other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or 
impractical for the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances 
requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar 
requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would 
have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that would subject 
a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the 
relevant Fund Shares or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or for the 
Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements and, subject as provided 
below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week following the day the 
Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of 
the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated 
company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind

--- Page 507 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
507 
and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no practicable means of 
mitigating the Relevant Event; 
(b) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Notes and the related hedging arrangements (including, but 
not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect 
thereof if occurring more than once)) would be materially increased or the Hedge 
Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the Notes and the related 
hedging arrangements; 
(c) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider is 
unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems 
necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or (ii) to realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, without limitation, 
where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or 
increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a 
Fund Share, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new 
or additional investments in such Fund Share, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in 
whole or in part, of such Fund Share; 
(d) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of 
tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to maintain the Notes; 
(e) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date at the first Tranche of the Series, the Hedge 
Provider directly or indirectly acquires or retains any ownership interest in or sponsors 
a covered fund that is not subject to an exemption under 12 U.S.C. §1851 (the "U.S. 
Volcker Rule"); or 
(f) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first Tranche of the Series, (i) the Hedge 
Provider unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in a Fund 
that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under management or (ii) as a 
consequence of changes in the performance, size, investment strategy or liquidity of a 
Fund, the Hedge Provider holds an ownership interest in such Fund that exceeds 10 
per cent. of the total assets under management; 
Dealing Events: 
(a) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription 
or redemption order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any 
doubt, any non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit) (ii) the 
Fund suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund 
Shares), (iii) the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without 
limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or 
subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw 
back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it could in 
determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, have an adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Notes, or (iv) a 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed by the Fund 
on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, a Basket Trigger Event 
occurs;

--- Page 508 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
508 
(b) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or 
terminates any rebate agreements in place with the Issuer, the Hedge Provider or any 
of its Affiliates; 
(c) 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund 
occurs between different series, classes and/or sub-funds; 
(d) 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets 
is enforced or becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent is comparable to security over any such assets 
(including without limitation any repo or prime brokerage arrangement) becomes 
enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, securities lending 
or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes 
enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever 
described) relating to the Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
(e) 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to 
any Fund Service Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, 
by Moody's Investors Service Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof 
("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, 
Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded below 
A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by Moody's or S&P 
is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Linked Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to: 
(i) 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible 
assets from time to time; and 
(ii) 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as 
defined in paragraph (i) above). 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set 
of circumstances is capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer 
may determine which Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from 
the Trade Date, of any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set 
of circumstances occurs more than once. 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be, (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event 
(the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary Fund Event 
Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event.  The Extraordinary Fund Event Notice shall set out, if determined at 
that time, the action that the Issuer has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 4.2 (in the case of a Fund that is not a Fund Index 
Component) or Fund Linked Condition 4.3 (in the case of a Fund that is a Fund Index 
Component).  Where the action that the Issuer has determined to take is not, for whatever 
reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has 
determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General

--- Page 509 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
509 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, as 
soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other 
person in connection with the Notes as a result of any delay in notifying Noteholders of the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives 
an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment 
or delivery in respect of the Notes until the Issuer has determined the action that it has 
determined to take pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 4.2 or Fund Linked Condition 4.3, as the 
case may be. 
4.2 
In the case of a Fund that is not a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below in (a), (b) or (c) 
provided that, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has 
occurred or is continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date in accordance with the 
provisions of Fund Linked Condition 5, the Issuer shall determine that the action to be taken in 
respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is "Termination": 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, 
to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share and/or the Weighting and/or any of 
the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to 
take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment. 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event is to be "Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can 
redeem the Fund Shares in the relevant Fund (the "Affected Fund") in such 
number as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as soon as it is reasonably practicable 
following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order 
in full submitted by the Hedge Provider as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, use reasonable efforts to 
substitute the Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar interests in an 
alternative fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has similar 
characteristics to the Affected Fund, including but not limited to, comparable 
investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment processes and 
has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-
paragraph (ii) above, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an 
index (or a fund tracking such index) selected by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, 
the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to make such determinations 
and/or adjustments to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms as 
it determines to be appropriate to take account of such Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination

--- Page 510 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
510 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event is to be "Termination", on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be (which such notice may be included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in 
respect of the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event and will specify the Termination Date), 
all but not some only of the outstanding Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the 
Termination Amount on the Termination Date.  Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
4.3 
In the case of a Fund that is a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below in 4.3(a), (b)or (c): 
(a) 
if the Extraordinary Fund Event occurs or is subsisting on a Settlement Price Date, 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the relevant index level and the Settlement 
Price for such date using the NAV per Fund Share for each Fund Index Component 
comprising the relevant Fund Index in accordance with (A) and (B) below in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating the index level on the date on which the 
Extraordinary Fund Event occurs; 
(A) 
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is not affected by an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the index level will be calculated using the NAV per 
Fund Share of such Fund Index Component on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is affected by an 
Extraordinary Fund Event (each an "Affected Fund Index Component"), the 
index level will be calculated using the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund Index 
Component on the first Fund Business Day following the relevant Settlement 
Price Date on which no Extraordinary Fund Event occurs or is subsisting with 
respect to the Affected Fund Index Component, unless an Extraordinary Fund 
Event in respect of the Affected Fund Index Component is occurring for the 
number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the relevant Settlement Price Date. In that 
case the last such consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Settlement 
Price 
Date 
for 
the 
Affected 
Fund 
Index 
Component, 
notwithstanding the Extraordinary Fund Event and the Calculation Agent will 
determine the price of the Affected Fund Index Component based upon the 
price at which a Hypothetical Investor can sell or otherwise realise any hedge 
positions in respect of an Affected Fund Index Component during the period of 
five Fund Business Days following such Settlement Price Date; 
(b) 
require the Calculation Agent to use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Index 
that includes the Affected Fund Index Component (the "Affected Fund Index") with an 
alternative fund index which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) measures the same (or a 
substantially similar) market or economic reality as the Affected Fund Index; or 
(c) 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, (which such notice may be 
included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary 
Fund Event), redeem all but not some only of the outstanding Notes by payment of the 
Termination Amount on the date determined as set out in the definition of Termination 
Amount, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be.

--- Page 511 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
511 
(d) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
the Issuer is under no duty to consider the interests of Noteholders or any other person.  
In making any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of interest), underperformance 
or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other person in 
connection with the Notes as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result 
of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Interest Payment Date/Redemption/Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Notes, if on the date falling two Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Redemption Date or the Automatic Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, 
the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of 
its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, 
received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the "Redemption 
Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, that the Redemption 
Date or the Automatic Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, has been postponed.  As 
soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be (such notice the "Delayed Payment 
Notice") and redeem the Notes on the date falling not more than five Business Days following 
the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Redemption Date") by 
payment to each Noteholder of the Redemption Amount or the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the 
Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-
off Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred 
and is continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and shall notify Holders thereof in 
accordance with the procedures set out in Fund Linked Condition 4 above, and in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, and the 
provisions of Fund Linked Condition 4.2(c) shall apply. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as 
provided in General Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
General Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be, accruing from (and including) the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the 
Scheduled Redemption Date or the Automatic Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, 
(or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Redemption 
Date, but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Redemption 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional 
amount shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, if on the date falling two Business Days prior to an Interest 
Payment Date, the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders 
in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund 
Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the 
"Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, that 
such Interest Payment Date has been postponed.  As soon as practicable following receipt by 
the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be (such notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and the Issuer shall

--- Page 512 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
512 
pay the Interest Amount in respect of the Interest Period ending on or immediately preceding 
the Interest Payment Date on the date falling not more than five Business Days following the 
receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Payment Date") and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay, provided that, if the Hedge Provider 
does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on (and including) the 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary 
Fund Event has occurred and is continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and shall 
notify Holders thereof in accordance with the procedures set out in Fund Linked Condition 4 
above, and in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
the case may be, and the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 4.2(c) shall apply. 
6. 
Fund Index Adjustment Event 
If (a) on or prior to any Settlement Price Date, the relevant Fund Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a 
relevant Fund Index or in any other way materially modifies that Fund Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Fund Index in the event of 
changes in the Fund Index Components and other routine events) (a "Fund Index 
Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Fund Index and no successor Fund Index 
exists (a "Fund Index Cancellation"), or (b) on any Settlement Price Date, the Fund Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the successor Fund Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Fund Index (a "Fund Index Disruption" and, together with a Fund Index Modification 
and a Fund Index Cancellation, each a "Fund Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Fund Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Fund Index, the level for that Fund Index as 
at the Valuation Time on such Settlement Price Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Fund Index 
last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those Fund Index 
Components that comprised that Fund Index immediately prior to that Fund Index 
Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to select a successor 
fund index which in its opinion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner measures the same (or a substantially similar) market or economic reality as 
the original Fund Index and, upon selection of such fund index, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, and such fund index will 
be deemed to be the "Fund Index" for the purpose of the Notes and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the terms of the Notes as it 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines 
appropriate; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner such other appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made to the terms 
of the Notes to account for the Fund Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of those adjustments; or 
(iv) 
(A) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Fund Index Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the 
Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 
11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be.  
If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder 
in respect of each Note being redeemed equal to the fair market value of such 
Note taking into account the Fund Index Adjustment Event, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related

--- Page 513 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
513 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be; or 
(B) 
if Delayed Redemption on Fund Index Adjustment Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Fund Index 
Adjustment Event less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated 
Fund Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the Fund Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Fund Index 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
(x) the Calculated Fund Index Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from 
and including the Calculated Fund Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost 
at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected 
Amount; or 
(v) 
in the case of a Fund Index Modification which occurs on the last Valuation Date, last 
Averaging Date or last Observation Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to 
calculate the level of the Fund Index, using in lieu of the published level for the Fund 
Index as of the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may 
be, the level of the Fund Index as of that date determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Fund Index last in effect 
prior to the Fund Index Modification but using only those Fund Index Components that 
comprised the Fund Index prior to the Fund Index Modification. 
Fund Linked Conditions 7 to 10 (inclusive) apply to Fund Linked Notes relating to Euro Funds. 
7. 
Definitions relating to Euro Funds 
"Euro Fund" means the insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract backed by 
euro-denominated assets offered by the Insurance Company on the terms set out in the Euro 
Fund Documents specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Euro Fund Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Euro Fund Business Day Centre(s). 
"Euro Fund Business Day Centre" means each place specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Euro Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Euro Fund, the offering document of the 
relevant Euro Fund offered by the Insurance Company in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, 
among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such Euro Fund and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Euro Fund, as further 
described in any Euro Fund Document. 
"Euro Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Euro Fund 
Documents, the Insurance Company is or, but for the occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event would have been, scheduled to publish the Gross Rate of Return. 
"Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event, the date on which such Extraordinary Euro Fund Event occurs, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Floor Rate of Return" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 514 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
514 
"Gross Rate of Return" means, in respect of the relevant Euro Fund and a Euro Fund 
Valuation Date, the gross rate of return (which is exclusive of any applicable taxes, duties, 
expenses, management fees and/or social security contributions), which a policyholder of such 
Euro Fund is entitled to receive in respect of their investment in the Euro Fund for such Euro 
Fund Valuation Date, as determined and published by the Insurance Company in accordance 
with the Euro Fund Documents on the website of the Insurance Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or such other website as may be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, an 
Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  The Hedge 
Provider will hold or be deemed to hold an insurance or investment policy or capitalisation 
contract in respect of the Euro Fund, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to 
purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such insurance or 
investment policy or capitalisation contract in respect of the Euro Fund as it (or in the case of a 
Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a 
hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Euro Fund which is deemed to 
have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Euro Fund Documents, of an 
investor in the Euro Fund at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by 
the Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without 
limitation, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
"Insurance Company" means the insurance company specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Provisional Minimum Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Euro Fund and a Euro Fund 
Valuation Date, the provisional minimum rate of return in respect of the Euro Fund for such 
Euro Fund Valuation Date as published by the Insurance Company from time to time on the 
website of the Insurance Company specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other 
website as may be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. In the event that no such Provisional 
Minimum Rate is published in respect of the Euro Fund, the Provisional Minimum Rate shall be 
zero. 
8. 
Failure to publish the Gross Rate of Return 
If, in respect of a Euro Fund Valuation Date, the Gross Rate of Return is not published by or on 
behalf of the Insurance Company, then the Gross Rate of Return shall be deemed to be (i) the 
last available Provisional Minimum Rate in respect of such Euro Fund Valuation Date or (ii) if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Floor Rate of Return, provided that, if 
the Gross Rate of Return in respect of such Euro Fund Valuation Date is not published or if no 
Provisional Minimum Rate has been published and there is no Floor Rate of Return specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, as a consequence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event, the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 10 will apply. 
9. 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Events 
The occurrence of any of the events described below shall be deemed to be a "Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event", the consequences of which are set out in Fund Linked Condition 10 (Consequences of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event):

--- Page 515 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
515 
9.1 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Insurance Company announces that it has 
calculated or applied, or will calculate or apply, the Gross Rate of Return in respect of the Euro 
Fund in a manner that is different to that which is described in the Euro Fund Documents; 
9.2 
a redemption by the Insurance Company of a policyholder's investment in the Euro Fund or 
cancellation of any such Euro Fund, where the consideration for such redemption or 
cancellation is cash or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption or cancellation of such 
investment initiated by a policyholder in such Euro Fund that is consistent with the Euro Fund 
Documents; 
9.3 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, 
of the Euro Fund (including, but not limited to, a material modification of the Euro Fund 
Documents); 
9.4 
(i) a consolidation, amalgamation, partial asset contribution or merger of the Insurance 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger in which the Insurance Company is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in any change to the Euro Fund), (ii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 
per cent. of the assets of the Insurance Company, or (iii) the sale, transfer, segregation or 
desegregation (statutory or otherwise) of, or proposed sale, transfer, segregation or 
desegregation (statutory or otherwise) of, the assets and/or contracts of the Insurance 
Company, in each case which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or may in the future 
have, an impact before the last occurring Euro Fund Valuation Date in respect of the Notes, on 
the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate or the general assets of the Insurance 
Company based on which the Gross Rate of Return is determined; 
9.5 
the Insurance Company (i) ceases trading; (ii) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts 
or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (iii) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, 
official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iv) makes 
a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (v)(1) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person 
or entity not described in sub-clause (v)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; 
(vi) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; (vii) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; or (viii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses 
(i) to (vii) above; 
9.6 
there exists any litigation against the Insurance Company which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially 
affect the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate or the rights or remedies of any 
policyholder in respect of the Euro Fund; 
9.7 
(i) any relevant activities of the Insurance Company in relation to the Euro Fund are or will 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance

--- Page 516 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
516 
with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any 
applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of the Insurance Company by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over the Insurance Company), (ii) a relevant authorisation or 
licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Euro 
Fund or the Insurance Company or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, 
with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the Insurance Company is required by a 
competent authority to redeem or cancel any policy in respect of the Euro Fund, (iv) the Hedge 
Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily terminate hedging arrangements relating to the Notes, (v) any change in the legal, 
tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Euro Fund or the Insurance Company that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional 
Minimum Rate, the general assets of the Insurance Company based on which the Gross Rate 
of Return is determined or other activities or undertakings of the Insurance Company or on the 
rights or remedies of any policyholder or Hedge Provider against the Insurance Company 
and/or (vi) the Insurance Company is the subject of an investigation, proceeding or litigation by 
any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority, involving an alleged violation of 
applicable law, for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Euro Fund; 
or 
9.8 
any failure by the Insurance Company to publish or deliver or cause to be published or delivered 
(i) any information that such Insurance Company has agreed to publish or deliver or cause to 
be published or delivered to the Calculation Agent or the Hedge Provider in respect of the Euro 
Fund, or (ii) any information that has previously been delivered to the Calculation Agent or the 
Hedge Provider in accordance with the Insurance Company's or its authorised representative's 
customary practices, and which the Calculation Agent considers necessary to determine and 
verify the Gross Rate of Return. 
10. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event 
If an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event occurs in relation to a Euro Fund, the Issuer may take any 
of the relevant action(s) described in (a), (b) or (c) below as it deems appropriate: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the terms 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
relevant Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes to the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate or to 
the Notes; 
(b) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Extraordinary Euro Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the 
Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 
11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be.  
If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder 
in respect of each Note being redeemed equal to the fair market value of such 
Note taking into account the Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment being made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes; 
or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Extraordinary Euro Fund Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate

--- Page 517 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
517 
the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Extraordinary 
Euro Fund Event Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Extraordinary Euro Fund Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
(x) the Calculated Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Amount plus interest 
accrued from and including the Calculated Extraordinary Euro Fund Event 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal 
to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination 
Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if 
greater, the Protected Amount; or 
(c) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Euro Fund Effective Date, the Calculation Agent 
may substitute the Euro Fund affected by an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event (the 
"Affected Euro Fund") with an alternative insurance or investment policy or 
capitalisation contract backed by euro-denominated assets in accordance with the 
criteria set out below (the "Substitute Euro Fund") and the Substitute Euro Fund will 
be deemed to be the Euro Fund and the relevant insurance company offering the 
insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract, the Insurance Company, for 
the purposes of the Notes. The Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment (if any) will be deemed to be effective as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but 
need not be, the relevant Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Effective Date. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Euro Fund, the relevant insurance or investment policy 
or capitalisation contract must be an insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract 
backed by euro-denominated assets which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has 
similar characteristics to the Affected Euro Fund, including but not limited to, a comparable 
gross rate of return, a comparable provisional minimum rate of return, offered by an insurance 
company with a comparable portfolio of general assets and offered on similar contractual terms 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the Substitute Euro Fund may, 
but need not, be offered by the same Insurance Company as the Affected Euro Fund. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Euro Fund Event has 
occurred in respect of a Euro Fund, which are not connected and have different consequences 
pursuant to this Fund Linked Condition 10, the Calculation Agent will determine which such 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and related consequences shall apply acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof as soon as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, giving details thereof and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 518 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
518 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
General .............................................................................................................................. 518 
2. 
Redemption ........................................................................................................................ 519 
3. 
Interest ............................................................................................................................... 521 
4. 
Terms relating to Credit - Linkage Features ...................................................................... 522 
5. 
Physical Settlement............................................................................................................ 526 
6. 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation 
Category and Characteristics ............................................................................................. 528 
7. 
Successors ......................................................................................................................... 530 
8. 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities and CoCo Supplement ............................. 532 
9. 
Restructuring Credit Event ................................................................................................. 533 
10. 
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes ................................................. 535 
11. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 537 
12. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions ............................................................... 582 
 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the Final Terms as Credit Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Note 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes set out below (the 
"Credit Linked Note Conditions") together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in 
the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Note Conditions and (ii) the Credit Linked Note Conditions, the Credit Linked Note Conditions 
shall prevail. A reference in these Credit Linked Note Conditions to "the Final Terms" shall be construed 
as being a reference to the applicable Final Terms and for Credit Linked Notes in respect of which more 
than one Reference Entity is specified, a reference to "the Reference Entity" shall be a reference to the 
applicable Reference Entity. 
1. 
General 
(a) 
Credit Terms 
The Final Terms shall specify, amongst other things: 
(i) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes, being Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched CLNs; 
(iii) 
the Settlement Method and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method; 
(iv) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur 
and, in each case, the related Transaction Type (if applicable, by way of reference to 
a Relevant Annex); 
(v) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity (if applicable, 
by specifying "Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable"); 
(vi) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as applicable, Reference Entity Weighting in 
respect of each Reference Entity (save where such terms are set out in a Relevant 
Annex); and 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Combination Credit Linked Notes, the relevant information in sub-
paragraphs (ii) to (vi) above for each related Credit Component. 
(b) 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
Where a Transaction Type is specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Reference Entity, 
then the provisions of these Credit Linked Note Conditions shall apply with respect to such 
Reference Entity in accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such

--- Page 519 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
519 
Transaction Type, as though such Physical Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Index Credit Linked Notes 
Where "Index Credit Linked Notes" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then 
notwithstanding Credit Linked Note Condition 7 (Successors), the Reference Entities for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes shall be as set out in the Relevant Annex (together with, 
in respect of each relevant Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as 
applicable, the Reference Entity Weighting, Reference Obligations and Substitute Reference 
Obligations) as set out in the Final Terms, or, as applicable, as determined and published from 
time to time by the relevant Index Sponsor. The Calculation Agent may rely on any 
determinations of the relevant Index Sponsor and neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent 
will have any liability to the Noteholders or any other person as a result of relying on any such 
determination. 
(d) 
Additional Provisions 
If, in accordance with the specified Transaction Type or otherwise, any Additional Provisions 
are applicable, these Credit Linked Note Conditions shall take effect subject to the provisions 
thereof. 
2. 
Redemption 
(a) 
Redemption absent Event Determination Date 
The Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Note on the related CLN Maturity Date (as such date 
may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to 
the Outstanding Principal Amount (as reduced from time to time in accordance with the 
definition thereof) of such Credit Linked Note (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) 
unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in 
full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Note Conditions 2(b) (Redemption following Event 
Determination Date), 2(d) (Redemption following a Merger Event) or 2(e) (Additional Credit 
Linked Note Disruption Events)). 
Where the Outstanding Principal Amount of any Credit Linked Note is reduced to zero, then 
upon the performance by the Issuer of any remaining obligations in respect of the Credit Linked 
Note (including pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event 
Determination Date), such Credit Linked Note shall be deemed to have been redeemed in full 
without further payment. In the case of Tranched CLNs, redemption shall be in accordance with 
Credit Linked Note Condition 4(b)(Tranched CLNs) below. 
(b) 
Redemption following Event Determination Date 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in relation to any Reference Entity, the 
Issuer will: 
(i) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, make payment in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount on the 
Auction Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event 
the Issuer shall perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in 
accordance with the applicable Fallback Settlement Method; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, perform its obligations in 
respect of each Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Note Condition 5 
(Physical Settlement); and 
(iii) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement, make payment in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Credit Event Cash Settlement 
Amount on the Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
Where the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, if an Event Determination Date 
occurs with respect to a Reference Entity following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement 
Event with respect to a prior Event Determination Date in relation to such Reference Entity and 
no Fallback Settlement Event occurs with respect to a subsequent Event Determination Date,

--- Page 520 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
520 
the Issuer shall, if it so elects on or prior to a related Valuation Date or Delivery Date, redeem 
the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to the occurrence of the subsequent Event Determination 
Date in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event 
Determination Date) by Auction Settlement. 
This Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) shall 
not apply, and the Issuer shall have no obligations hereunder in respect of Zero Recovery Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(c) 
Settlement at Maturity 
Where "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as applicable, payment of any Outstanding Principal 
Amount, Auction Settlement Amounts or Credit Event Cash Settlement Amounts, as applicable, 
shall be deferred until the later of the CLN Maturity Date and the last Auction Settlement Date 
or Credit Event Cash Settlement Date determined in respect of any Reference Entity (and 
notwithstanding any other provision of the Note Conditions or these Credit Linked Note 
Conditions, no interest shall accrue on any payment of any amount which is so deferred). 
(d) 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and in the case that: 
(i) 
"Reference Entity/Holder Merger" is specified as applicable, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Holder Merger Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
General Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be, and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes on 
the Merger Event Redemption Date, and if the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed 
or, as the case may be, cancelled, the Issuer shall pay an amount to each Noteholder 
in respect of each Credit Linked Note, which amount shall be the fair market value of 
such Credit Linked Note taking into account the Merger Event less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(including without limitation any Credit Unwind Costs), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(ii) 
"Reference Entity/Issuer Merger" is specified as applicable, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Issuer Merger has occurred, 
the Issuer may either: 
(A) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with (i) above; or 
(B) 
replace the relevant affected Reference Entity/ies (the "Affected Reference 
Entity/ies") respectively, with Similar Reference Entity/ies. In such event, the 
costs of the Issuer arising in connection with any re-hedging of such 
substitution may be recovered through an adjustment to the interest payable 
on the Notes and/or any redemption amounts payments payable under the 
Notes.  The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn 
notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be, of the decision taken by the Issuer and any adjustments made to the 
terms of the Notes.  Details of any adjustment or decision made in relation to 
the above may be obtained by the Noteholders upon request at the Calculation 
Agent's specified address. 
(e) 
Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or General Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be. If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay an

--- Page 521 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
521 
amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to the fair market value 
of such Credit Linked Note taking into account the Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(f) 
Suspension of Obligations 
If there is a DC Credit Event Question in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the 
Issuer otherwise elects by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders) from the date 
of such DC Credit Event Question (and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has yet to determine whether Publicly Available Information is 
available or that a Credit Event has occurred), any obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Credit 
Linked Note (including pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption following 
Event Determination Date) (and the timing requirements of the Credit Event Cash Settlement 
Date, Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date, NOPS Cut-off Date, Physical Settlement Period 
and any other provisions pertaining to settlement) insofar as it relates to the relevant Reference 
Entity, or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due thereon or any obligation 
of the Calculation Agent to calculate any amount of interest (in each case, regardless of whether 
any such interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity), shall, insofar as it relates to the 
relevant Reference Entity, be and remain suspended until the date of the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal. 
During such suspension period, the Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor entitled to, take any 
action in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, in each case insofar as 
they relate to the relevant Reference Entity, or in connection with the payment of any applicable 
interest on the Credit Linked Notes, nor, if the Final Terms specifies that "Calculation and 
Settlement Suspension" applies, shall the Calculation Agent be obliged to take any action in 
connection with the calculation of any amount of interest (in each case, if the Final Terms 
specifies that "Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, regardless of whether any such 
interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity).  Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal 
has occurred, such suspension shall terminate and any obligations so suspended shall resume 
on the CLN Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA, with the Issuer and, 
as the case may be, the Calculation Agent having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding 
when the suspension began.  Any amount of interest so suspended shall, subject always to 
Credit Linked Note Condition 3(a) (Cessation of Interest Accrual), become due on a date 
selected by the Calculation Agent falling not later than fifteen Business Days following such 
public announcement by ISDA. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any payment of interest or any other 
amounts which are deferred in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Condition 2(f) 
(Suspension of Obligations). 
(g) 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed, the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to 
reflect such partial redemption.  Upon such partial redemption, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of each Credit Linked Note shall be reduced for all purposes (including accrual of 
interest thereon but without duplication with any cessation of interest accrual pursuant to Credit 
Linked Note Condition 3(a) (Cessation of Interest Accrual)) accordingly. 
Redemption of any Credit Linked Note in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Condition 2 
(Redemption), together with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the 
relevant portion of the obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
3. 
Interest 
(a) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual

--- Page 522 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
522 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes which are specified in the Final Terms to bear interest and 
subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 4(h) (Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Notes), 
such interest shall accrue on the daily Outstanding Principal Amount of each Credit Linked Note 
as the same may be reduced from time to time in accordance with the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions. General Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
General Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be, shall be construed accordingly in relation to Credit Linked Notes. Upon the occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of each Credit Linked Note shall, for the purposes of the calculation of accrual of 
interest thereon, be deemed to have been reduced in an amount equal to such Credit Linked 
Note's pro rata share of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, in the case of 
Tranched CLNs, of the corresponding Writedown Amount) with effect from and including: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
if "Accrual to Interest Payment Date" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Interest Payment Date; or 
(B) 
if "Accrual to Interest Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Interest Period End Date, 
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period End Date, the Interest Commencement Date); 
or 
(ii) 
if "Accrual to Event Determination Date" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
such Event Determination Date. 
(b) 
Interest following Scheduled Maturity 
Subject always to Credit Linked Note Condition 3(a) (Cessation of Interest Accrual), if an 
Extension Notice has been given (other than pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition of 
"Extension Notice"), each Credit Linked Note which is outstanding following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date shall continue to bear interest on its daily Outstanding Principal Amount from 
(and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to (but excluding) the related CLN Maturity Date 
at a rate of interest equal to either: 
(i) 
if "Deposit Rate" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms under the heading 
"Interest following Scheduled Maturity", the rate that BNP Paribas would pay to an 
independent customer in respect of overnight deposits in the currency of the Credit 
Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
such other rate as shall be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms (which may 
be zero), 
subject in all cases to a minimum of zero. If "Deposit Rate" is not so specified or no such other 
rate is specified for such purpose, no interest shall accrue during the relevant period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if an Extension Notice has been given pursuant to paragraph (d) of the 
definition thereof, no interest shall accrue from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the related CLN Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Interest Payment Dates 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed pursuant to the Note Conditions or these Credit Linked 
Note Conditions, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the CLN Maturity Date (if not the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), the last Auction Settlement Date, the last Credit Event Cash Settlement Date or 
the last Delivery Date, as the case may be, shall be an Interest Payment Date in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note and the Issuer shall pay any interest that is accrued and unpaid in 
respect of each Credit Linked Note on such Interest Payment Date. 
4. 
Terms relating to Credit - Linkage Features 
(a) 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 523 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
523 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, an Event Determination 
Date shall not be taken into account for the purposes of Credit Linked Note Conditions 2 
(Redemption) and 3 (Interest) unless and until the number of Reference Entities in respect of 
which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to N (as specified in the Final Terms). 
Unless a value is specified for "M" in the Final Terms of such Credit Linked Notes, with effect 
from such date, no Event Determination Date shall occur in respect of any other relevant 
Reference Entity. Where a value is specified for "M", the provisions of Credit Linked Note 
Conditions 2 (Redemption) and 3 (Interest) shall apply in respect of every subsequent Event 
Determination Date until the number of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred is equal to "M" (as specified in the Final Terms). 
(b) 
Tranched CLNs 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of Credit Linked Notes that are Tranched CLNs. 
For clarification, in respect of such Credit Linked Notes, in the event of any inconsistency 
between the following and the remainder of the Credit Linked Note Conditions, the following 
shall prevail. 
(i) 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled in full (including pursuant to any Credit Linked Note Condition), the Issuer 
will redeem each Tranched CLN on the CLN Maturity Date by payment of an amount 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Credit Linked Note (together with 
interest, if any, payable thereon) plus, if "Incurred Recoveries" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, its pro rata share of the Aggregate Incurred Recovery 
Amount, provided that (unless "Zero Recovery Linked Notes" is specified not to be 
applicable or the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms) if an Unsettled Credit Event 
has occurred, (A) a Redemption Preliminary Amount will be payable on the CLN 
Maturity Date and a Redemption Residual Amount will be payable on the Final 
Settlement Date, and (B) the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) in respect 
of each Tranched CLN shall be payable on the Final Settlement Date instead of the 
CLN Maturity Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue or be payable 
in respect of any Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount or any payment or 
postponement of payment thereof. 
(ii) 
If the Outstanding Principal Amount of any Tranched CLN is reduced to zero, such 
Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full by payment of an amount equal to its pro 
rata share of the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) on the Final Settlement 
Date, and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect 
of any Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount or any payment or postponement of 
payment thereof) and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in relation to any Reference Entity: 
(A) 
without prejudice to the sub-paragraphs below, that a Credit Event has 
occurred or may occur on or prior to any Interest Payment Date; 
(B) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to any 
Interest Payment Date; 
(C) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior 
to any Interest Payment Date; 
(D) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or 
prior to any Interest Payment Date; or 
(E) 
(unless Zero Recovery Linked Notes is specified not to be applicable or the 
Final Price is specified in the Final Terms) that an Unsettled Credit Event has 
occurred, 
then interest (if any) on such Tranched CLN shall be deemed to cease to accrue on an 
Outstanding Principal Amount equal to its pro rata share of the sum of: (i) the maximum 
Incurred Loss Amounts; and (ii) the maximum Incurred Recovery Amounts (if "Incurred

--- Page 524 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
524 
Recoveries" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) which could be determined 
(assuming an Auction Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of zero) 
(a "Deemed Interest Reduction") with effect from and including the Interest Period 
End Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) immediately preceding the 
date of such determination or (in the case of the occurrence of an Unsettled Credit 
Event) the relevant date applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 3(a) 
(Cessation of Interest Accrual). In such case, the related Interest Shortfall Amount (if 
any) shall be payable on the related Interest Shortfall Payment Date. No interest shall 
be payable in respect of any such postponement of payment of any Interest Shortfall 
Amount or any other interest or other amounts. 
(iv) 
If any day is a Final Price Calculation Date with respect to more than one Reference 
Entity, the Loss Amount, the Recovery Amount, the Incurred Loss Amount and the 
Incurred Recovery Amount (if applicable) with respect to each Reference Entity shall 
be calculated in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to 
such Reference Entities: (i) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs in respect of more than one such 
Reference Entity on the same day, the first Reference Entity in respect of which the DC 
Secretary announces that the relevant DC Credit Event Question was effective and the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of the 
relevant Publicly Available Information, in each case in accordance with the "Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date" definition, shall be deemed to have satisfied this 
condition first) or (ii) the delivery of the Credit Event Notice (provided that if any of the 
relevant Credit Event Notices are delivered at the same time, in a sequential order as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Combination Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are Combination Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Final Terms as an "Interest 
Component", amounts payable in respect of interest on the Notes shall, subject to (iv) 
below, be calculated by reference to the terms set out in respect of such Credit 
Component; 
(ii) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Final Terms as a "Principal 
Component", amounts payable by way of redemption of the Notes shall, subject to (iv) 
below, be calculated by reference to the terms set out in respect of such Credit 
Component; 
(iii) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Final Terms as a "Principal and Interest 
Component", amounts payable in respect of interest on the Notes or by way of 
redemption of the Notes shall, subject to (iv) below, be calculated by reference to the 
terms set out in respect of such Credit Component; and 
(iv) 
more than one Credit Component may be specified in the Final Terms as an "Interest 
Component", "Principal Component" or "Principal and Interest Component", provided 
that a related "Component Percentage" is specified; in such case, all references in the 
definitions of "Reference Entity Notional Amount" and "Outstanding Principal Amount" 
to the "initial aggregate Nominal Amount" shall, for the purposes of such Credit 
Component be references to the related Component Nominal Amount. 
(d) 
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Hybrid Linked Notes, then: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms provide that "Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption" is applicable, an Automatic Early Redemption Date shall not be capable 
of occurring in respect of the Credit Linked Notes if, as of the related Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, an Event Determination Date has occurred (but any Event 
Determination Date occurring after such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
shall be disregarding); and

--- Page 525 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
525 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify that "Credit Linked Calculation Basis" is applicable, any 
reference to the "Nominal Amount", "Calculation Amount", "Specified Denomination" or 
any related abbreviation for the purpose of determining any amount payable by way of 
interest or coupon or on scheduled or early redemption of the Notes and which is 
calculated by reference to a Type of Underlying Reference other than the Reference 
Entity or Entities or the credit risk thereof, shall be to the Outstanding Principal Amount, 
save with respect to any amounts determined and paid under any item of the Final 
Terms specified as an "Excluded Item" for such purpose (which may include, without 
limitation, Item 12 (Final Payout)); and 
(iii) 
the CLN Maturity Date shall notwithstanding such definition, be subject to deferral as 
provided for in these Credit Linked Note Conditions and as provided with respect to the 
Maturity Date in any terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes which relate to a 
Type of Underlying Reference referred to at (ii) above. 
(e) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes where the Final Terms specify a Distribution End Date 
If a Distribution Period Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any Reference Entity 
and any Basket Credit Linked Notes, Credit Linked Note Conditions 2(b) (Redemption following 
Event Determination Date), 2(c)(Settlement at Maturity) and 5 (Physical Settlement) shall not 
apply and the following provisions shall apply (and for clarification, in respect of such Credit 
Linked Notes, in the event of any inconsistency between the following and the remainder of the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions, the following shall prevail): 
(i) 
where the Final Terms specify that "Distribution Period Redemption" applies: 
A. 
irrespective of the applicable Settlement Method, the Issuer will redeem each 
outstanding Credit Linked Note in part, on the fifth Business Day following the 
Distribution End Date in an Outstanding Principal Amount corresponding to 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount by making a payment in respect of each Credit Linked Note 
equal to its pro rata share of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount.  
For this purpose, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, Credit Linked Note 
Condition 9(a) (Multiple Credit Event Notices) shall not apply; and 
B. 
for the avoidance of doubt, no further Event Determination Date may occur in 
respect of such Reference Entity; or 
(ii) 
where the Final Terms specify that "Redemption at Maturity" applies: 
A. 
with effect from such Distribution Period Event Determination Date, such 
Reference Entity shall no longer be treated as a Reference Entity for the 
purpose of these Credit Linked Note Conditions and no further Event 
Determination Date may occur with respect thereto, including where the Event 
Determination Date relates to a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which 
an Exercise Amount has been determined; and 
B. 
no adjustment shall be made to the Reference Entity Notional Amount in 
respect of any other Reference Entity as a result of the above (notwithstanding 
the definition thereof); or 
(iii) 
(where the Final Terms specify that "Distribution Period Event Determination Date 
Disapplication" applies, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked 
Note Conditions, any Distribution Period Event Determination Date which occurs with 
respect to a Reference Entity shall not be treated as an Event Determination Date for 
the purpose of these Credit Linked Note Conditions and only Event Determination 
Dates which occur on or after the Distribution End Date shall be treated as Event 
Determination Dates for the purpose of these Credit Linked Note Conditions. 
(f) 
Bonus Coupon Notes 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Bonus Coupon Credit Linked Notes, an additional amount shall 
be payable on either:

--- Page 526 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
526 
(i) 
where "Final Payment" is specified as the applicable Bonus Coupon Type in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Final Settlement Date; or 
(ii) 
where "Running Basis" is specified as the applicable Bonus Coupon Type in the 
relevant Final Terms, the specified Bonus Coupon Payment Dates, 
in relation to the Credit Linked Notes in an amount equal, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
to the initial Nominal Amount thereof multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate, and 
where the Running Basis is applicable, multiplied by the Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction. 
(g) 
Credit Linked Interest Only Credit Linked Notes 
If "Credit Linked Interest Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Interest) will apply to the Notes, but Credit Linked Note Conditions 
2(a)(Redemption absent Event Determination Date), 
2
( b)(Redemption following Event 
Determination Date) and 2(c)(Settlement at Maturity) will not apply. Unless the Credit Linked 
Notes have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full (including pursuant 
to Credit Linked Note Conditions 2(d)(Redemption following a Merger Event) or 2(e)(Additional 
Credit Linked Note Disruption Events)) the Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Note on the 
relevant CLN Maturity Date by payment of the original Nominal Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(h) 
Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Notes 
If "Credit Linked Principal Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit 
Linked Note Condition 2 (Redemption) will apply to the Notes but this Credit Linked Note 
Condition 3 (Interest) will not apply. Where the redemption of any such Credit Linked Notes is 
postponed following the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest shall accrue in respect of any 
such Credit Linked Notes from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date until the relevant 
date of redemption. 
Where any such Notes are subject to redemption in full in circumstances where further amounts 
are or may be payable subsequently in respect of interest thereon, then, only to the extent 
required by the terms of any relevant clearing system in order to permit payment of such 
interest, each Note shall be deemed to remain outstanding in an amount equal to one unit of 
the Specified Currency. No payment shall be made in respect of such outstanding amount, and 
each Note which is deemed to be outstanding on such basis shall be cancelled in full on the 
last date for payment of interest thereon. 
5. 
Physical Settlement 
(a) 
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Linked Note, then, upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall, on or prior to the related Physical Settlement Date and 
subject to Credit Linked Note Conditions 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement), 5(c) (Non-
Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) and 5(f) (Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such Credit 
Linked Note in full (or, where such Credit Linked Note is a Basket Credit Linked Note, in part, 
in an Outstanding Principal Amount corresponding to such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share 
of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount), respectively, by: 
(a) 
Delivering a pro rata share of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the related Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; and 
(b) 
paying such Credit Linked Note's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement 
Adjustment Rounding Amount. 
(b) 
Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or any Noteholder, it is impossible 
or illegal for the relevant Noteholder to accept Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations 
(other than a Deliverable Obligation described in paragraph (d) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation") specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the related Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the Issuer shall Deliver

--- Page 527 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
527 
any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery.  If any 
Undeliverable Obligations have not been delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, then Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such 
Undeliverable Obligations and, accordingly, the Issuer shall pay the relevant Noteholders an 
amount equal to the Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata 
amongst the relevant Noteholders on the Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
If the Issuer does not Deliver any Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, other than as a result of an event or 
circumstance contemplated in Credit Linked Note Condition 5(b) above (including following the 
occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event), such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default 
or breach of agreement for the purpose of the Notes and the Issuer may continue to attempt to 
Deliver the Deliverable Obligations that are Bonds or Loans until the Extended Physical 
Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have 
not been Delivered, then Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such 
Deliverable Obligations and the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders an amount equal to the 
Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
Noteholders on the Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
(d) 
Aggregation and Rounding 
Where a Noteholder holds Credit Linked Notes in an Outstanding Principal Amount (in the case 
of Partly Paid Notes, to the extent paid-up) greater than the Specified Denomination, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect of the 
Credit Linked Notes of such Noteholder shall be aggregated for the purposes of this Credit 
Linked Note Condition 5 (Physical Settlement).  If the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect of each Credit Linked Note to be redeemed 
pursuant to this Credit Linked Note Condition 5(d) on any occasion is not equal to an authorised 
denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of such Deliverable Obligations then the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered will be rounded down to the nearest 
authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero.  In such circumstances, the 
Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered shall, if and to the extent 
practicable, be sold by the Issuer or such other agent as may be appointed by the Issuer for 
such purpose and, if they are so sold, the Issuer shall make payment in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds as soon 
as reasonably practicable following receipt thereof. 
(e) 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Note Condition 5 shall be made in such manner as the Issuer shall determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner, to be appropriate for such Delivery.  Subject as set out in the 
definition of "Deliver": 
(i) 
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection with an assignment 
or novation (where Deliverable Obligations include Assignable Loans or Consent 
Required Loans) or participation (where Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan 
Participations) shall be payable by the relevant Noteholders, and if any Stamp Tax or 
transaction tax is payable in connection with the Delivery of any Deliverable 
Obligations, payment thereof shall be made by the relevant Noteholders; and 
(ii) 
any other expenses arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable 
Obligations shall be for the account of the Noteholders or the Issuer, as appropriate, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with then current market 
conventions.

--- Page 528 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
528 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses 
relating to such Delivery or transfer payable by the Noteholders pursuant to (i) and (ii) above, 
as applicable, have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Noteholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in 
this Credit Linked Note Condition 5 (Physical Settlement) upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date and delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement unless it has presented 
or surrendered (as is appropriate) the relevant Credit Linked Note and delivered an Asset 
Transfer Notice in accordance with General Condition 4(b)(A)(1) (Physical Delivery). For so 
long as the Credit Linked Notes are held in any clearing system, any communication from such 
clearing system on behalf of the Noteholder containing the information required in an Asset 
Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset Transfer Notice.  For as long as Bearer Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, surrender of Credit Linked Notes for such purpose will be 
effected by presentation of the Global Note and its endorsement to note the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Credit Linked Notes to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
6. 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics 
(a) 
Obligation Characteristics 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in the 
related Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final 
Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(b) 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics 
If: 
(i) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the related Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the 
applicable Transaction Type, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the Final Terms 
or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as 
a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that 
are not Loans; 
(iii) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the Final Terms or is 
applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as 
a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(iv) 
more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified in the Final Terms as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Deliverable 
Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics. 
(c) 
Relevant Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 529 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
529 
(ii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final 
Terms or applicable in respect of the relevant Transaction Type from the following list: 
"Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic 
Currency" and "Not Domestic Law".  
(iii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final Terms or applicable in respect 
of the relevant Transaction Type from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic 
Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", 
"Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and "Not Bearer". 
(iv) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Credit Linked Note Condition 6 
(Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics) apply in respect of the definitions of 
"Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the context admits. 
(d) 
Maximum Maturity 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(e) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in respect of a Reference Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in 
the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such 
obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic. 
(f) 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in Credit Linked Note Condition 9(b) (Mod R) and Credit Linked Note 
Condition 9(c) (Mod Mod R) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, 
any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in 
effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(g) 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation 
shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(h) 
Accrued Interest 
With respect to any Credit Linked Notes for which: 
(i) 
"Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Final 
Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method), the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being

--- Page 530 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
530 
Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is 
specified in the related Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Final Terms 
(or if Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation or 
Valuation Obligation, as applicable, whether the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(iii) 
Credit Linked Note Condition 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement) or Credit 
Linked Note Condition 5(c) (Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) is applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the 
market for the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(i) 
Asset Package Delivery 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such 
Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in 
respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement applicable to the Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package 
Credit Event. 
If the "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" is applicable in respect of a 
Reference Entity, then, notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package 
Observable Bond exists with respect to such Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such 
a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package 
Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
7. 
Successors 
(a) 
Provisions for determining a Successor 
(i) 
Subject as set out in Credit Linked Note Condition 1(c) (Index Credit Linked Notes), the 
Calculation Agent may determine, following any succession (or, in relation to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) and with effect 
from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors under the definition of 
"Successor"; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, 
at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor 
based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. The Calculation Agent will 
make all calculations and determinations required to be made under the definition of 
"Successor" (or the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor), acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, on the basis of Eligible 
Information. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity 
qualifies as a Successor under the definition of "Successor", if there is a Steps Plan, 
the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps 
Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession.

--- Page 531 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
531 
(ii) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(I) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which 
the Succession Date occurred on or after January 1, 2014; 
(II) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or 
part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(III) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(iii) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition 
of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal 
balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(iv) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a 
Relevant Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation 
of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to 
such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(b) 
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes and a 
Succession Date has occurred and more than one Successor has been identified, each such 
Credit Linked Note will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided, with effect from the 
Succession Date, into the same number of new Credit Linked Notes as there are Successors 
with the following terms: 
(i) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of one of the deemed new 
Credit Linked Notes; 
(ii) 
in respect of each deemed new Credit Linked Note, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount will be the Reference Entity Notional Amount applicable to the original 
Reference Entity divided by the number of Successors; and 
(iii) 
all other terms and conditions of the original Credit Linked Notes will be replicated in 
each deemed new Credit Linked Note except that the Calculation Agent shall make 
such modifications as it determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, are required in order to preserve the economic effects of the 
original Credit Linked Notes in the deemed new Credit Linked Notes (considered in 
aggregate). 
(c) 
Nth-to-Default 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
where a Succession Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one 
Successor has been identified, each such Credit Linked Note will be deemed for all 
purposes to have been divided, with effect from the Succession Date, into a number of 
new Credit Linked Notes equal to the number of Successors.  Each such new Credit 
Linked Note shall include a Successor and each and every one of the unaffected 
Reference Entities and the provisions of Credit Linked Note Condition 7(b)(i) to (iii) 
(Single Reference Entity) (inclusive) shall apply thereto;

--- Page 532 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
532 
(ii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms, where any 
Reference Entity (the "Surviving Reference Entity") (other than a Reference Entity 
that is subject to the Succession Date) would be a Successor to any other Reference 
Entity (the "Legacy Reference Entity") pursuant to a Succession Date, such Surviving 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; 
and 
(iii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where the Surviving 
Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession Date) 
would be a Successor to a Legacy Reference Entity pursuant to a Succession Date: 
(A) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the 
Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(B) 
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the 
Legacy Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and Tranched CLNs 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched CLNs, and one or 
more Successors have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity that has been the 
subject of a related Succession Date (the "Affected Entity"), then, with effect from the 
Succession Date: 
(i) 
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as 
described in (ii) below); 
(ii) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference 
Entity which is not an Affected Entity); 
(iii) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of 
Successors; 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent may make any modifications to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes which it determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, may be required to preserve the economic effects of the Credit Linked Notes 
prior to the Succession Date (considered in the aggregate); and 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a Succession Date, 
be represented by multiple Reference Entity Notional Amounts for the Successor(s) of 
such Reference Entity. 
8. 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities and CoCo Supplement 
(a) 
LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the relevant Final Terms provide that "LPN Reference 
Entity" is applicable: 
(i) 
Multiple Noteholder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference 
Obligation and any Underlying Loan; 
(ii) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Note Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is 
not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in these Credit Linked Note Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation 
is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies 
an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal 
balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation; and

--- Page 533 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
533 
(v) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect 
of the Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Provisions relating to CoCo Supplement 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of a Reference Entity if the "CoCo Supplement" 
is applicable: 
(i) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions 
results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such 
event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention falling within 
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof. 
(ii) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental 
Intervention for all purposes. 
(iii) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Coco Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) 
a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption 
or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the 
Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the 
Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
9. 
Restructuring Credit Event 
(a) 
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
M(M)R Restructuring, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount to which such notice applies (the "Exercise 
Amount") provided that if the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise 
Amount, the then outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount (and not a portion 
thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount; 
(ii) 
the provisions of these Credit Linked Note Conditions (including, without limitation, as 
to the determination of any Auction Settlement Amount, Credit Event Cash Settlement 
Amount and Loss Amount) shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the 
provisions shall be construed accordingly; and 
(iii) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified 
Currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) in which the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount is denominated or any integral multiple thereof or the entire relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
If any Credit Linked Note is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Note Condition 9 (Restructuring Credit Event), the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note shall be endorsed to reflect 
such partial redemption. 
(b) 
Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the 
related Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod R" is

--- Page 534 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
534 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as 
applicable, Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery 
applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed specified) in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the Issuer to form part of the 
related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if such Deliverable Obligation or, as 
applicable, Valuation Obligation: 
A. 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and 
B. 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, 
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as 
of the Relevant Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Mod Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the 
related Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod Mod R" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as 
applicable, Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery 
applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed specified) in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the Issuer to form part of the 
related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if it (A) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery 
Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant Valuation Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for 
purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity 
date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If the relevant Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as applicable, the relevant Valuation Obligation 
selected, is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to 
novate, assign or transfer and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given 
for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is 
not received by the Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Relevant Valuation Date (in 
which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, notify the relevant Noteholders of such refusal (or deemed refusal) and: 
(i) 
each such Noteholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an Affiliate 
of such Noteholder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its behalf; and 
(ii) 
if a Noteholder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to the 
date which is three CLN Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, then the 
Issuer will redeem the Credit Linked Notes for which Delivery has not occurred, by 
payment of the relevant Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount to such 
Noteholder.  For the avoidance of doubt Credit Linked Note Condition 5(b) (Partial 
Credit Event Cash Settlement) will not apply to this paragraph. 
(d) 
General Terms relating to Mod R and Mod Mod R 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to "Mod R" and "Mod Mod R", final 
maturity date shall, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 9(c) (Mod Mod R), be determined 
on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation 
in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation 
or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be 
deemed to be the date on which such determination is made.

--- Page 535 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
535 
(e) 
Multiple Noteholder Obligations 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related 
provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described 
in sub paragraph (a)(i) to (a)(v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a Restructuring unless the 
Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Noteholder Obligation, provided that any 
obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of sub-paragraph (b) of 
the definition of "Multiple Noteholder Obligation". 
10. 
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any 
discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent, 
in each case in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, pursuant to the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer and the Noteholders.  Unless otherwise expressly stated, the Calculation Agent is not 
bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.  Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation.  If the 
Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee it may do so without liability.  Any delay, deferral or forbearance by 
the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion 
under the Credit Linked Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any 
person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of 
such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall, in the absence 
of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, 
any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
(b) 
Reversal of DC Resolutions 
If, where a calculation or determination with respect to the Credit Linked Notes has been made 
by the Calculation Agent in reliance upon a DC Resolution or otherwise resulted from a DC 
Resolution, ISDA publicly announces that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a 
subsequent DC Resolution, such reversal will be taken into account for the purposes of any 
subsequent calculations, provided that the ISDA public announcement occurs prior to the DC 
Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date (or where redeemed in part, save to the extent of any such 
redemption). The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, will make any adjustment to any future payments as are required to take account of 
such reversal, including any payment of additional interest or any reduction in any interest or 
any other amount payable under the Credit Linked Notes.  For the avoidance of doubt, no 
accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment. 
(c) 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may (but shall not be obligated to) modify these 
Credit Linked Note Conditions from time to time with effect from a date designated by the 
Calculation Agent to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with prevailing 
market standards or market trading conventions, which are, pursuant to the agreement of 
leading dealers in the credit derivatives market or any relevant ISDA committee, a market-wide 
protocol, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing 
system, applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative Transaction or any Hedge Transaction 
entered into prior to such date or terms thereof.  The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
and the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such determination.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the Issuer, 
amend, pursuant to this Credit Linked Note Condition 10(c) (Change in Standard Terms and 
Market Conventions) any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes other than the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions.

--- Page 536 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
536 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make such modifications as may be necessary to 
ensure consistency with any successor provisions ("Successor Provisions") which are 
published by ISDA and which supersede the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, for the 
purposes of credit derivatives transactions generally (including with respect to transactions 
which are entered into prior to the relevant date of publication and which are outstanding as of 
that date) and/or may apply and rely on determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee made in respect of a relevant Reference Entity under any such Successor 
Provisions notwithstanding any discrepancy between the terms of such Successor Provisions 
and these Credit Linked Note Conditions. 
This Credit Linked Note Condition 10(c) (Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions) 
shall apply unless the related Final Terms specifies that "Change in Standard Terms and Market 
Conventions" is not applicable. 
(d) 
Delivery of Notices 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly 
Available Information from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall promptly inform, or shall 
procure that the Calculation Agent informs the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, provided that any 
failure or delay in giving such notice to Noteholders shall not affect the rights of the Issuer in 
relation thereto. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee are, as of the 
date hereof, available on ISDA's website (www.isda.org) (or any successor website thereto). 
(e) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Credit Linked Note Condition 9(d) above which is delivered on or prior 
to 5.00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered 
after such time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next 
following London Business Day. 
A notice given by telephone by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been 
delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place. 
(f) 
Excess Amounts 
If, on a Business Day, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that an Excess Amount 
has been paid to Noteholders on or prior to such day, then following notification of the 
determination of an Excess Amount to the Issuer and Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be, the Issuer may deduct any such Excess Amount from future payments in relation to the 
Credit Linked Notes (whether interest or principal) or may reduce the amount of any assets 
deliverable under the terms of the Credit Linked Notes to the extent that it determines, acting 
reasonably, to be necessary to compensate for such Excess Amount.  
(g) 
Provisions Relating to Timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 10(e) (Effectiveness of Notices) and Credit Linked Note 
Condition 10(h) (Payment Timing), in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for 
purposes of the Credit Linked Note Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates 
to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any event 
occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
(h) 
Payment Timing 
Notwithstanding the "Credit Event Notice" definition and Credit Linked Note Condition 10(g) 
(Provisions Relating to Timing), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due 
date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to 
make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment.

--- Page 537 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
537 
(i) 
Business Day Convention 
If the last day of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not 
a Business Day, such last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable 
Business Day Convention; provided that if the last day of any period is the Credit Event 
Backstop Date or the Successor Backstop Date, such last day shall not be subject to any 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
(j) 
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, the Credit Linked Notes will not be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(ii) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date 
(k) 
Rounding 
Any amount payable under these Credit Linked Note Conditions shall be rounded downwards 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
11. 
Definitions 
In these Credit Linked Note Conditions: 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full 
in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard 
to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
"Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging 
Disruption, and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. 
"Additional LPN" means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing 
funds for the LPN Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(a) 
Underlying Loan; or 
(b) 
Underlying Finance Instrument, 
provided that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, the 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of 
the Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such 
LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, 
Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of holders of the 
LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit Group

--- Page 538 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
538 
Limited, 
or 
any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php. 
"Additional Provisions" means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA 
for use in the over the counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in relation 
to a Reference Entity which may include: 
(a) 
the Additional Provisions for Physically Settled Default Swaps - Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity, as published by ISDA on 21 January 2005; or 
(b) 
any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity. 
"Affected Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note Condition 7(d) 
above (Basket Credit Linked Notes and Tranched CLNs). 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the person.  For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
"Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs and any date, 
an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to: 
(a) 
the aggregate of any Incurred Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all 
Reference Entities up to and including such date, minus 
(b) 
the sum of all Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs (for the avoidance of doubt, without 
double counting). 
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs and any date, the aggregate 
of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up to and including such 
date. 
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs and any date, the 
aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up to and 
including such date. 
"Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
"Credit Unwind Costs". 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether 
issued, incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which 
was realized or capable of being realized in circumstances where the right and/or other asset 
no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Noteholder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Noteholder is offered a choice of Assets 
or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package.  
If the Relevant Noteholder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or

--- Page 539 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
539 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Reference Entity, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without 
the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the 
applicable borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if 
specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable 
Obligation Category that are Loans. 
"Attachment Point" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs, the value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
or the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms identified by the Issuer in the Auction Settlement 
Amount Notice. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C])]) 
Where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the relevant Auction Final Price; 
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and 
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level, shall be disregarded). 
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" means a notice given by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, on or prior to the date which is 65 
Business Days following the Final List Publication Date (or, if later, the Movement Option Cut-
off Date) specifying: 
(a) 
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which 
the Issuer has elected to apply to the Credit Linked Notes (provided that the Issuer may 
only elect to apply any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (for purposes of which all 
Deliverable Obligations (as defined in respect of the Final List) on the Final List will be

--- Page 540 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
540 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations) in the circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (b) 
or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date"); and 
(b) 
the Auction Settlement Amount. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days following delivery by 
the Issuer of the Auction Settlement Amount Notice to the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, 
such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in 
each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) above. 
"Basket Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Notes specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to 
Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money obligation. 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction" means the relevant day count fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and to be read as though the terms relating to Day Count Fraction apply 
thereto.

--- Page 541 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
541 
"Bonus Coupon Determination Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms, or if not 
specified, the relevant Final Price Calculation Date. 
"Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size" means the amount specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Bonus Coupon Payment Date(s)" means the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Bonus Coupon Writedown Rate" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating 
to a Reference Entity, the Incurred Loss Amount (if any) divided by the initial Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (the Incurred Loss Amount for such purpose only, to be determined as though the 
Attachment Point, Exhaustion Point and Implicit Portfolio Size were respectively references to 
the Bonus Coupon Attachment Point, Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point and Bonus Coupon 
Implicit Portfolio Size and further assuming that for such purpose, references to the definitions 
of Incurred Loss Amount and, if Incurred Recoveries are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, to Outstanding Principal Amount is to be the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount 
multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate). 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits 
and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Capped Reference Entity" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, a Reference 
Entity having a specified Transaction Type in respect of which "60 Business Day Cap on 
Settlement" is expressed as applying in the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than 
once, the Issuer determines that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Notes or it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
maintaining the Credit Linked Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
relevant hedge positions of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"CLN Business Day" means, in respect of any Reference Entity, (a)(i) a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
place or places and on the days specified for that purpose with respect to such Reference 
Entity, and/or (ii) a TARGET Settlement Day (if "TARGET" or "TARGET Settlement Day" is 
specified with respect to such Reference Entity), or (b) if a place or places or such terms are 
not so specified, (i) if the related Reference Entity Notional Amount is denominated in the euro, 
a TARGET Settlement Day, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the currency of denomination of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
Business Days referenced in the Physical Settlement Matrix shall be deemed to be CLN 
Business Days. 
"CLN Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may be) 
for which quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include 
the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a Noteholder or its Affiliate or as may otherwise be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"CLN Maturity Date" means either: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; or

--- Page 542 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
542 
(b) 
where an Extension Notice in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer at or prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date falling 
two London Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the date falling two 
Business Days after the latest to occur of the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period, the 
expiry of the Post Dismissal Additional Period or the latest date on which it would be 
possible for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to deliver a Credit Event Notice under 
paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii) of the definition of "Event Determination Date". 
"CoCo Supplement" means the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by ISDA. 
"Combination Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Note specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Component Nominal Amount" means, in relation to Combination Credit Linked Notes and 
any Credit Component, an amount equal to the product of (i) the related Component 
Percentage and (ii) the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of Combination Credit Linked Notes. 
"Component Percentage" means, in relation to Combination Credit Linked Notes and any 
Credit Component such percentage as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and 
the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant Valuation Date, provided, however, that 
a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with 
the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the relevant borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any 
agent, and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent 
Required Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of 
obligations within the Deliverable Obligation Category that are Loans. 
"Credit Component" means a set of credit-linkage terms, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, 
the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto) from time to time and as may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, and, in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional 
Provisions. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established 
pursuant to the Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit 
derivative transactions in the over-the-counter market, as more fully described in the Rules.

--- Page 543 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
543 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental 
Intervention as specified with respect to a Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a 
defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date 
or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Issue Date or such other date specified in the Final 
Terms.  The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity and 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C]))] 
Where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Price or such other price specified therein; 
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and 
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level shall be disregarded). 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, three Business 
Days) immediately following the determination of the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if Credit 
Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) is specified not 
to be applicable in the Final Terms or if the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms, the date 
falling fifteen CLN Business Days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement). 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be 
in writing (including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone)) to the Issuer that describes 
a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation 
Period End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.

--- Page 544 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
544 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the 
relevant DC Credit Event Announcement shall suffice.  The Credit Event that is the subject of 
the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question 
was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Linked Notes" means Notes linked to the credit of a specified entity or entities. 
"Credit Observation Period End Date" means the date, if any, specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, if no such date is specified, the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
"Credit Unwind Costs" means an amount (such amount prior to any apportionment pro rata, 
the "Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs"), subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss 
of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with: 
(a) 
where applicable, the redemption, settlement, cancellation and/or termination of the 
Credit Linked Notes (and/or the reduction in the Outstanding Principal Amount thereof); 
and 
(b) 
the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction 
such amount to be either apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding (and in the case of 
Partly Paid Notes, paid-up) principal amount outstanding of each Credit Linked Note or as an 
alternative, in respect of any substitution pursuant to a Reference Entity/Issuer Merger Event 
only, to be deducted pro rata from the interest accrued on each Credit Linked Note. 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation that is 
denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted 
to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the 
Currency Rate; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the 
Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment 
Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount 
into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation, the rate of 
conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either: 
(i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner; and

--- Page 545 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
545 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the 
Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit 
Event occurred after the Credit Observation Period End Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event 
Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date" means the earliest to occur of the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical Settlement Date, a Delivery Date, the CLN 
Maturity Date or other redemption date of the Credit Linked Notes or the date on which 
instructions are given by or on behalf of the Issuer for any such redemption or any date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, of 
termination, settlement, replacement or re-establishment in whole or in part of any Hedge 
Transaction (or entry into a binding commitment in respect of any of the foregoing) by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date or in reliance on a prior DC Resolution), as applicable. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Deemed Interest Reduction" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note 
Condition 4(b)(iii) (Tranched CLNs). 
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the Final Terms or, 
if a Transaction Type is specified, the amount specified as such in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, 
U.S.$ 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means:

--- Page 546 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
546 
(a) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit 
of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey 
all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is 
customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, to the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, free and clear of any 
and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed 
on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, any 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set 
forth in the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity 
or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a 
participation in favour of the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, and (ii) if 
a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying 
Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, 
(A) "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims 
to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap and (B) those claims shall be 
deemed to be Deliverable Obligations).  "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed 
accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in 
the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of 
such Loan at that time, provided further that the Issuer and each Noteholder agrees to 
comply with the provisions of any documentation (which shall include any market 
advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to 
approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves constitutes documentation customarily used in the relevant 
market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such documentation may be amended 
to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves is 
appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the parties 
hereunder.  The Issuer agrees, and each Noteholder is deemed to further agree, that 
compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of any such documentation shall be 
required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this 
definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions describing how 
Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be 
permitted to request that any party take nor shall the Issuer or any Noteholder be 
required to take, any action or make any payment in connection with such Delivery, as 
applicable, unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
(b) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset 
Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Deliver" and the relevant provisions on delivery shall be deemed to apply to each 
Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be 
treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the 
Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date 
on which the Issuer or Calculation Agent (on its behalf) has notified the Noteholders of 
the detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance 
with the definition of "Notice of Physical Settlement", (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion 
and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial

--- Page 547 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
547 
Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset 
Market Value. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign 
Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity) 
or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater 
than zero (determined for purposes of paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations", the term "Deliverable 
Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the 
Deliverable Obligation Category specified in respect of the Reference Entity, and, subject to 
Credit Linked Note Condition 6 (Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics 
and Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect of the Reference Entity, in each case, as 
of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified). 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity.  If 
any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct 
Loan Participation are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable 
Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.  
No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set 
forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth 
in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date 
on which such Deliverable Obligation or Asset Package is Delivered (or deemed Delivered 
under paragraph (b) of the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in 
favour of each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the participation 
seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by 
such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and 
either: 
(a) 
the Issuer (to the extent that the Issuer, is then a lender or member of the relevant 
lending syndicate), or

--- Page 548 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
548 
(b) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation 
Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity 
and any successor currency thereto.  If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency 
shall be the lawful currency and any successor currency of: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date 
of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, 
by the Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference 
Entity under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms 
of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date) or (B) the Relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means each of the following: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least 
USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralized debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (I) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 
or (II) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000: 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or

--- Page 549 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
549 
other agreement by an entity described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) 
hereof; and 
(d) 
any: 
(i) 
Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ or USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Event Determination Date" means, in respect of any Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, provided that neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
save in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date), either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from 
and including the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and including 
the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter, 
provided that: 
(i) 
no Physical Settlement Date or Credit Event Cash Settlement Date (as 
applicable) has occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(ii) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior 
to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an 
Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect 
to the portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount, if any, with respect to 
which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(iii) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(A) 
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice 
is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the 
occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; 
(B) 
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the then outstanding 
Reference Entity Notional Amount; or

--- Page 550 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
550 
(C) 
unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction 
Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the 
Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for 
such Notional Credit Derivative Transaction. 
No Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination 
Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, 
or to the extent that, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the event 
that, but for such DC No Credit Event Announcement, would have constituted a Credit Event, 
prior to the DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date. 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched CLNs or Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes and an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than 
one Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the order in which 
such Event Determination Dates occurred acting in good faith and in a reasonable manner. 
"Excess Amount" means any amount paid to the Noteholders but which was not due on the 
Credit Linked Notes, as a result of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Announcement, Event 
Determination Date or Credit Event Resolution Request Date on or around the date on which 
the amount in question would otherwise have been required to be paid or as a result of any 
Writedown Amount not having been taken into account. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
related Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
related Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes 
of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, 
any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity is a Subordinated Transaction, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Note Condition 9(a)(i) (Multiple 
Credit Event Notices). 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means the date that is the later of: 
(a) 
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b) 
15 CLN Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(c) 
15 CLN Business Days following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(d) 
15 CLN Business Days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, 
or such later date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves. 
"Exhaustion Point" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs, the value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Extended Physical Settlement Date" means:

--- Page 551 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
551 
(a) 
in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th CLN Business Day following the 
Physical Settlement Date, provided that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the 
Original Bonds or Original Loans (or Assets which form part of the Asset Package 
intended to be Delivered in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond (the "Original Assets"), or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu 
thereof), may not be received by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates on or before the 
Extended Physical Settlement Date but the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may, in 
accordance with the terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or otherwise obtain such 
Original Bonds or such Original Loans or other Bonds or Loans in lieu thereof or 
Original Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof on or before the 
date falling three CLN Business Days (in a case where Original Bonds may be received 
or otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) or ten CLN 
Business Days (in a case where Original Loans or other Loans or Bonds in lieu thereof 
or Original Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof may be received 
or otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) after the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date, such date may be further extended to a date falling up to 
three CLN Business Days or ten CLN Business Days, respectively, after the original 
Extended Physical Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the Calculation Agent 
may determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Calculation Agent may 
select, provided that such date falls no later than the 120th CLN Business Day following 
the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such selection, such 120th CLN 
Business Day. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable in 
relation to any Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs 
on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; and 
(iii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
thereof; 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if: 
(i) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable in relation to any Reference 
Entity; and 
(ii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (c) of the definition 
thereof. 
"Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer giving notice of 
the following in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has 
occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date; or 
(c) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Credit Observation Period End Date; or 
(d) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate

--- Page 552 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
552 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Unless "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result 
from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In making such determination, the Calculation Agent may take into account 
the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly 
Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published 
on July 15, 2019). 
"Fallback Settlement Event" means: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition 
thereof, the Issuer has not delivered an Auction Settlement Amount Notice specifying 
an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms on or prior to the Movement Option 
Cut-off Date); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Request Resolution Date 
has occurred within three Business Days of such Event Determination Date. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Final List Publication Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last 
Final List in respect of such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
"Final Price" means: 
(a) 
the price specified in the Final Terms as being the Final Price with respect to a 
Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
the price of the Reference Obligation or, as applicable, any Valuation Obligation, 
Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation expressed as a percentage of its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, as the case may be, 
the Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, 
determined in accordance with: 
(i) 
the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in 
accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant 
Valuation Date (or, in the case of a relevant Asset other than Borrowed Money 
and other than a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, 
such other market value of the relevant Asset as may be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner); or

--- Page 553 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
553 
(ii) 
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial 
Instrument, the relevant Asset Market Value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is or is deemed to be zero, the Final 
Price shall be zero. If the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price 
shall be the price so specified. 
"Final Price Calculation Date" means an Auction Final Price Determination Date or, as the 
case may be, the date on which the Weighted Average Final Price or (as applicable) the Final 
Price is determined in respect of a particular Credit Event and the relevant Reference Entity, or 
in the case of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Event Determination Date. 
"Final Settlement Date" means the 10th Business Day following the latest to occur of the Final 
Price Calculation Dates in respect of the Reference Entities. 
"First Ranking Interest" means an Interest which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first 
priority", or similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding 
that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant 
insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the CLN Dealers, 
each firm quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable) obtained from a CLN Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the 
extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation, Deliverable 
Obligation or, as the case may be, Undeliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as 
applicable, the Relevant Valuation Date.  Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable 
Obligation".  
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; (iii) any authority or any other entity 
(private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some 
or of all of its obligations; or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities 
specified in (i) to (iii). 
"Governmental Intervention" means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs 
as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a

--- Page 554 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
554 
form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at 
redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the 
payment or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or 
premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, 
causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the 
beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a)(i) 
to (a)(iii) above. 
(b) 
For purposes of (a) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c), the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End 
Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the 
Credit Observation Period End Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser 
of such grace period and the period specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no period 
is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace 
Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such 
Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in 
relation to the relevant Reference Entity, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no 
later than the Credit Observation Period End Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity; 
and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date, 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure 
to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity, Grace Period Extension shall not apply.

--- Page 555 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
555 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or 
positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates are unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, or is no longer permitted to pursuant to its internal policies in 
relation to dealings with sanctioned entities or territories to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or 
options contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge its exposure with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Implicit Portfolio Size" means an amount equal to the aggregate Nominal Amount as at the 
Issue Date divided by the Tranche Size. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Incurred Loss Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price 
Calculation Date, an amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest 
of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the related Loss Amount for that Reference 
Entity and Final Price Calculation Date) minus the Loss Threshold Amount on such 
Final Price Calculation Date (following any adjustments thereto on such date), subject 
to a minimum of zero; and 
(c) 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (prior to any 
reduction thereto in respect of that Reference Entity and Final Price Calculation Date). 
"Incurred Recovery Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price 
Calculation Date, an amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest 
of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the related Recovery Amount for that 
Reference Entity and Final Price Calculation Date) minus the Recovery Threshold 
Amount on such Final Price Calculation Date (following any adjustments thereto on 
such date), subject to a minimum of zero; and 
(c) 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (prior to any 
reduction thereto in respect of that Reference Entity and Final Price Calculation Date). 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Relevant Annex, the index sponsor (if any) specified 
as such in the Final Terms. 
"Indicative Quotation" shall mean each bid quotation obtained from a CLN Dealer at the 
Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable

--- Page 556 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
556 
Obligation equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such CLN Dealer's reasonable 
assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation based on such factors as such CLN 
Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
"Interest" means, for the purposes of the definition of "First Ranking Interest", a charge, security 
interest or other type of interest having similar effect. 
"Interest Shortfall Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note and any Interest 
Payment Date or the Final Settlement Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of the shortfalls 
in the interest paid in respect of such Credit Linked Note on any previous Interest Payment 
Date as a result of a Deemed Interest Reduction as against the interest which would have been 
payable in respect of such Credit Linked Note on such Interest Payment Date on the basis of 
the actual Writedown Amount (if any) determined on the related Final Price Calculation Date 
or, as the case may be, on the basis of a determination by the Calculation Agent that no Event 
Determination Date has subsequently occurred or could subsequently occur in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
"Interest Shortfall Payment Date" means, in respect of an Interest Shortfall Amount, the first 
Interest Payment Date to occur after the second Business Day following the related Final Price 
Calculation Date or the related date of determination by the Calculation Agent that no Event 
Determination Date has subsequently occurred or could subsequently occur in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity, or, if there is no such Interest Payment Date, the Final Settlement 
Date 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor 
thereto). 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realizable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a 
Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity 
date. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means, in respect of a Potential Cash 
Settlement Event in respect of a Deliverable Obligation comprised of Loans where "Partial 
Credit Event Cash Settlement of Consent Required Loans", "Partial Credit Event Cash 
Settlement of Assignable Loans" or "Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement of Participations" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, the date that is 15 CLN 
Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, or, in respect of any other Potential Cash 
Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date. 
"Legacy Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note 
Condition 7(c)(i) (Nth-to-Default) above. 
"Limitation Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the first of March 
20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or immediately following 
the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years 
(the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 
12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable.  Limitation Dates shall not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange and, if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation 
Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category 
that are Bonds or, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Listed 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within 
that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds.

--- Page 557 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
557 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category 
that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Loss Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs, a Reference Entity and a Final Price 
Calculation Date, an amount calculated on that Final Price Calculation Date equal to: 
(a) 
100 per cent. minus unless the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
Notes, either (i) the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement applies, the Weighted 
Average Final Price (or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price or such other 
price specified therein) for that Reference Entity as of such Final Price Calculation 
Date; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant 
Event Determination Date, 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Loss Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs, an amount equal to the 
Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by the Attachment Point. 
"LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note. 
"LPN Issuer" means the entity which issued the relevant LPN. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance 
an Underlying Loan.  For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference 
Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from 
constituting a Reference Obligation. 
"M" means in relation to Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes where "Multiple Default Triggers" 
is applicable, such number as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Max" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the 
greater of the amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(a) 
the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if no such period is so specified, 30 years. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date 
to (but excluding) the Credit Observation Period End Date, the Issuer: 
(a) 
becomes aware that a Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or 
merged into, or transferred all or substantially all of its assets to, a Noteholder 
("Reference Entity/Holder Merger"); or 
(b) 
itself consolidates or amalgamates with or merges into, or transfers all or substantially 
all of its assets to a Reference Entity ("Reference Entity/Issuer Merger"). 
"Merger Event Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Min" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser 
of the amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means unless where specified in the Final Terms the lower of: 
(a) 
U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and 
(b) 
the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 558 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
558 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" 
or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation 
Period End Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation Period End Date is later than the 10-year 
Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit 
Observation Period End Date. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day 
following the Exercise Cut-off Date (or, if later, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves) or such earlier date as the Issuer may designate by 
notice to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be). 
"Multiple Noteholder Obligation" means an Obligation that: 
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more 
than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b) 
above. 
"N" or "Nth" means, in relation to "Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes", such number as may 
be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPs 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of 
Valuation Obligations. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to any Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published with respect to credit derivative transactions in the 
over-the-counter market and the relevant Credit Event and Reference Entity; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held with respect to such Reference Entity and Credit Event following a 
prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where 
either: 
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or 
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Capped Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is not a Capped Reference 
Entity. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation.

--- Page 559 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
559 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable). 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf of 
the Issuer (with a copy to the Issuer), to the Noteholders notifying that the Calculation Agent is 
replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment 
Notice is effective). 
"NOPS Effective Date" means the date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on 
its behalf). 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect 
to such bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Not Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable 
only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
a Domestic Currency. 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other 
action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of 
the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for 
sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity. 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic 
Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute 
a Domestic Law. 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or 
(B) any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference 
Obligation or (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice 
and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable, an effective

--- Page 560 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
560 
Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date 15 CLN Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Final 
Terms) after the Extension Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the 
later of such date and the Exercise Cut-off Date). 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer (with a copy to the Issuer), to the Noteholders on or prior to the latest of: 
(a) 
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b) 
subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, 25 CLN Business Days after the last to occur of 
the Auction Cancellation Date, the No Auction Announcement Date, the last Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date and the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (in 
each case if any and if applicable); and 
(c) 
in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the Issuer has not delivered an Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
to the Calculation Agent by the Movement Option Cut-off Date, 5 CLN Business Days 
following such Movement Option Cut-off Date; 
(d) 
30 calendar days following the Event Determination Date; and 
(e) 
10 calendar days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or 
of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, 
(the "NOPS Cut-off Date") that: 
(i) 
confirms that the Issuer intends to redeem the Credit Linked Notes by Physical 
Settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Note Condition 5 (Physical 
Settlement); and 
(ii) 
contains a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer 
intends to Deliver (or procure Delivery of) to the Noteholders, including the 
Outstanding Amount and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligations. 
The Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding 
Amount (or the equivalent specified Currency Amount converted at the Currency Rate) on the 
Settlement Valuation Date at least equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, as 
applicable, Exercise Amount), subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment. 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may, from time to time, deliver to the 
Noteholders in the manner specified above a NOPS Amendment Notice.  A NOPS Amendment 
Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
and shall also specify the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.  The 
Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.  Each such NOPS Amendment Notice 
must be effective on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to 
any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may correct 
any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
by notice to the Issuer (given in the manner specified above) prior to the relevant Delivery Date, 
and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its 
behalf) shall, prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Noteholders of the detailed description of the 
Asset Package, if any, that it intends to Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement

--- Page 561 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
561 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case that such notice 
shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation 
Agent (which may be by telephone) to the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice.  In relation 
to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly Available Information must 
cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of both sub-paragraphs (a) and 
(b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium".  The notice must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information.  If Notice of 
Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and 
a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will also 
be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Note and 
a Reference Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered into 
by the Issuer, as Buyer (defined in the Credit Derivatives Definitions), incorporating the terms 
of the Credit Derivatives Definitions and under the terms of which: 
(a) 
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the Final Terms and if not, the Issue 
Date; 
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(c) 
the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); 
(d) 
the applicable "Transaction Type", if any, is the Transaction Type for the purposes of 
such Credit Linked Note; and 
(e) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit 
Linked Note as it relates to such Reference Entity. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note" means any Credit Linked Notes specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Obligations; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Obligations", the term "Obligation" may be 
defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category 
specified in respect thereof and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in respect thereof, in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of 
either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Characteristic" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance as specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated.

--- Page 562 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
562 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other 
than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"Original Bonds" means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Loans" means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in 
relation to the Reference Entity (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the Reference Entity (other than for the 
purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms by reference to this definition, or (b) the Reference Entity is a 
Reference Obligation Only Trade. 
"Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable. 
"Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate" means the rate equal to either: 
(a) 
if "Final Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Coupon Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) less the aggregate of all Bonus Coupon Writedown Rates 
determined on or prior to the Bonus Coupon Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if "Averaging Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Coupon Rate (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) less the arithmetic average of the Bonus Coupon 
Writedown Rates determined for each day during the period commencing as the 
previous Bonus Coupon Payment Date (or if none, the Issue Date) and concluding on 
the Bonus Coupon Determination Date, 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit Linked 
Note Condition 6(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference 
Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, 
if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in 
accordance with this paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after 
such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Relevant 
Valuation Date, as applicable; and

--- Page 563 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
563 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of any Credit Linked Note, such Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount less such Credit Linked 
Note's pro rata share of all Reference Entity Notional Amounts of Reference Entities in respect 
of which an Event Determination Date has occurred (or, in the case of a Tranched CLN, such 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount less such Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of all Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to the relevant 
date of determination) subject, in each case, to a minimum of zero and as adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent to take account of any repurchase or cancellation of Credit Linked Notes and 
the issuance of any further Credit Linked Notes. 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was 
legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in any 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the "Auction Final Price 
Determination Date" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect 
to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as 
the Deliverable Obligation Provisions which would be applicable to the Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction and for which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would not be 
an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means where the applicable Settlement 
Method is Physical Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
aggregate, for each Undeliverable Obligation, of: 
(a) 
the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations multiplied by; 
(b) 
the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation specified in the relevant Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date" means the date falling three CLN Business Days 
(unless otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) after the calculation of the Final 
Price. 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified in the Final 
Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable.

--- Page 564 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
564 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from 
its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" 
is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, 
in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment" means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of 
Deliverable Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, by an amount of Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value equal to the Credit 
Unwind Costs (only if positive) rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a 
Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are not applicable, the 
Physical Settlement Adjustment shall be zero. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to the 
difference between the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation 
value of such whole number of Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by 
the Issuer by way of compensation for any Credit Unwind Costs. 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the NOPS Cut-off Date as specified in relation to a Reference Entity as the Calculation 
Agent may designate. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix 
Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or supplemented 
as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) and as 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), provided 
that any reference therein to: 
(a) 
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Final Terms; 
(b) 
"Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Specified Currency;

--- Page 565 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
565 
(c) 
"Section 1.32" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Credit Event Notice" as defined 
in this Annex 7; 
(d) 
"Section 1.33" shall be deemed to be a reference to Credit Linked Note Condition 9(a) 
(Multiple Credit Event Notices); and 
(e) 
"Section 8.19" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Physical Settlement Period" as 
defined in this Annex 7. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(e) (Additional 
Credit Linked Note Disruption Events), the number of CLN Business Days specified as such in 
relation to a Reference Entity or, if a number of CLN Business Days is not so specified, then, 
with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number of CLN Business Days for 
settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if the Issuer or Calculation Agent (on its 
behalf) intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date or, as 
applicable, the Issue Date)). 
"Potential Cash Settlement Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the failure to obtain 
any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any such 
requisite consents or any relevant participation (in the case of Direct Loan Participation) is not 
effected; or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market conditions, or any 
contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction relating to the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation, or due to the failure of the Noteholder to give the Issuer details of accounts for 
settlement; or a failure of the Noteholder to open or procure the opening of such accounts or if 
the Noteholders are unable to accept Delivery of the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations for any 
other reason). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under 
one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such 
failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement 
of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately 
prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in 
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Reference Entity, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto,

--- Page 566 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
566 
if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the related Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date 
and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defense 
based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right 
of set- off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
related Final Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the Reference Entity is organized and any other internationally recognized 
published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has 
occurred and which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity (or, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign), or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an 
Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer and/or any other party receiving such information may assume that such information 
has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference 
Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the 
disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the 
"Downstream Affiliate" definition, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference 
Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (C) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate 
to the events described in both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 567 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
567 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for 
amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by 
guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in 
form under the relevant governing law). A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any 
guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered 
as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each 
case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due 
to or following the occurrence of (I) a non- payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of "Bankruptcy" in respect of 
the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that 
such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(a) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(b) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be 
no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had 
become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable 
at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed 
the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means, in respect of any Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation, Valuation 
Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the 
Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding

--- Page 568 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
568 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date 
in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant 
Valuation Date from five or more CLN Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more such Full Quotations on the same CLN Business Day within three CLN Business Days 
of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following CLN Business Day (and, if necessary, 
on each CLN Business Day thereafter until the tenth CLN Business Day following the applicable 
Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five 
or more CLN Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average 
Quotation.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation on the same CLN Business Day on or prior to the tenth CLN 
Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed 
to be any Full Quotation obtained from a CLN Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth CLN 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation obtained from CLN Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
CLN Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the balance of 
the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, the amount specified in 
relation to a Reference Entity (which may be specified by reference to an amount in a 
currency or by reference to the Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained); 
(b) 
with respect to each type or issue of Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered on or prior 
to the Physical Settlement Date, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such Deliverable 
Obligation; and 
(c) 
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) 
above) of such Undeliverable Obligation. 
"Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs, a Reference Entity and a Final Price 
Calculation Date, an amount calculated on that Final Price Calculation Date equal to: 
(a) 
the lesser of 100 per cent. and either (i) the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement 
applies, the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the 
Final Price or such other price specified therein) for that Reference Entity as of such 
Final Price Calculation Date (or, in the case of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, 
zero); multiplied by 
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant 
Event Determination Date, 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Recovery Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs, an amount equal to (a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion Point. 
"Redemption Preliminary Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched CLN and any relevant 
date, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Credit Linked Note (for the avoidance of 
doubt as reduced at or prior to such time); minus

--- Page 569 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
569 
(b) 
its pro rata share of the Unsettled Retention Amount.  
"Redemption Residual Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched CLN and any relevant 
date, its remaining Outstanding Principal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (after deduction of 
the aggregate Redemption Preliminary Amounts and for the avoidance of doubt, as otherwise 
reduced at or prior to such time). 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" means the reference entity or reference entities 
specified in the Final Terms or, where applicable, identified in a Relevant Annex, and any 
Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
(a) 
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" on 
or following the Trade Date or, where applicable, identified by an Index Sponsor; or 
(b) 
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request 
Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the Credit 
Linked Notes, as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 
7 (Successors). 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means in respect of any Reference Entity, the amount 
in which the Issuer has purchased credit protection in respect of such Reference Entity, as set 
out in the Final Terms or if no such amount is specified: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes where "Multiple Default Triggers" is not applicable, the initial aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes where "Multiple Default Triggers" is 
applicable, an amount equal to (i) the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, divided by (ii) (M+1-N); 
(c) 
in the case of Basket Credit Linked Notes, if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified 
or applies in respect of such Reference Entity, (i) the product of such Reference Entity 
Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity and the initial aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes, divided by (ii) the sum of all Reference Entity Weightings, 
or, if no Reference Entity Weightings are specified for the Reference Entities (i) the 
initial aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, divided by (ii) the number 
of Reference Entities; and 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched CLNs, if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified or applies 
in respect of such Reference Entity, (i) the product of the Implicit Portfolio Size and the 
Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity, divided by (ii) the sum of 
all Reference Entity Weightings or, if no Reference Entity Weightings are specified for 
the Reference Entities, (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size, divided by (ii) the number of 
Reference Entities, 
subject in each case to Credit Linked Notes Conditions 2 (Redemption), 7 (Successors) and 9 
(Restructuring Credit Event) and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to take account of any 
repurchase or cancellation of Credit Linked Notes or the issuance of any further Credit Linked 
Notes. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting as 
specified in the Final Terms for such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a 
Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity (or no election is specified in relation to a Reference Entity), (ii) there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is

--- Page 570 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
570 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will 
be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease 
to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be 
no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO 
List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity 
shall constitute the Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Obligations) or, as the case may be, no 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations) 
shall be applicable where Reference Obligation Only applies. 
"Reference Obligation Only Trade" means a Reference Entity in respect of which (a) 
"Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and (a) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable.  If 
the event set out in paragraph (i) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs with respect to 
the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, the Issuer shall redeem or 
cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes on a date as specified 
by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be on or after the Substitution Event 
Date, and at an amount (which may be zero) in respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to the 
fair market value of such Credit Linked Note taking into account the relevant Substitution Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation", (i) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the 
events set out in paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect 
to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference Obligation 
shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
"Relevant Annex" means an annex setting out the Reference Entities for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Notes, being the annex specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Noteholder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, 
equal to the Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, 
as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded;

--- Page 571 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
571 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which 
fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first 
succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and "Senior Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, and "Subordinated Transaction" is applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations 
and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations 
exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the "Senior 
Transaction" were applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Valuation Date" means the Settlement Valuation Date or Valuation Date, as the 
case may be. 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that 
the Issuer intends to, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 5 (Physical Settlement), Deliver 
to the Noteholders in lieu of each original Deliverable Obligation which has not been Delivered 
as at the date of such NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Replacement Reference Entity" means any entity selected by the Calculation Agent acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, which is incorporated in the same geographical area, 
has the same Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or 
better credit quality than the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's 
Ratings Services and/or by Moody's Investors Service Ltd., at the date of the relevant 
Succession Date provided that in selecting any Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation 
Agent is under no obligation to the Noteholders, the Issuer or any other person and, provided 
that the Successor selected meets the criteria specified above, is entitled, and indeed will 
endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the Successors.  In making any selection, the 
Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the Noteholders, the Issuer or any other person 
for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly 
from any such selection. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to 
any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.

--- Page 572 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
572 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date: 
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include 
Bonds, the date that is the later of: 
(i) 
the 
date 
that 
is 
60 
days 
after 
the 
date 
of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium; and 
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date); and 
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be interpreted accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs 
in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) 
by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of 
such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an 
exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to 
any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro 
in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction

--- Page 573 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
573 
of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of 
conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such 
redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (a)(i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (a)(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (a)(v) 
only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into 
another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of (a) and (b) above and Credit Linked Note Condition 9(e) (Multiple 
Noteholder Obligations), the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee.  In the 
case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity 
in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to 
the Reference Entity in (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under (a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the 
terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which 
a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End Date.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Credit Observation Period End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of 
such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either: 
(a) 
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

--- Page 574 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
574 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
which shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Senior Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior 
Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in respect of the Reference Entity, or (b) if no such 
seniority level is specified in respect of the Reference Entity, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior 
Level". 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms, or if no 
currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
"Settlement Method" means the settlement method specified as such in the Final Terms and 
if no Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement. 
"Settlement Valuation Date" means the date being three CLN Business Days prior to the 
Delivery Date provided that if a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, is given or, as the case may be, changed at any time after the third CLN Business 
Day prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Settlement Valuation Date shall be the date 
which is three CLN Business Days after such Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is given. 
"Similar Reference Entity" means an entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an 
equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available to the relevant Reference Entity), and as 
secondary criteria geographic and Transaction Type proximity to such Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition, "Rating" means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned 
by the three rating agencies Moody's Investor Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Ratings 
Services, a division of Standard & Poor's Credit Market Service Europe Limited and Fitch 
Ratings or any of them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity 
are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Note specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" means the 2014 Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
ISDA. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation 
set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" immediately preceding the 
date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the 
documentation governing such Restructuring.

--- Page 575 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
575 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event. 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in respect of the Reference Entity (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in 
respect of the Reference Entity and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified 
Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also 
include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity (or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currencies" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by 
one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so 
Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity 
existed. 
"Subordinated Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganization or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the 
First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation, or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of 
law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall 
not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) 
in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or 
incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation 
is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then 
the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.

--- Page 576 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
576 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance 
with paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has 
already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than 
for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below. If the event set forth 
in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference 
Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any 
of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is 
a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such 
obligation is available,

--- Page 577 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
577 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non-Conforming 
Reference 
Obligation 
when 
incurred 
and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is 
a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (c), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the 
potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Credit Linked Notes, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  The Substitute Reference Obligation determined 
by the Calculation Agent shall, without further action, replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation.  
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to 
paragraph (a) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b), 
the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice 
to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is 
effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent identifies the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, 
in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event.

--- Page 578 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
578 
If an event described in paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has 
occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred pursuant to such paragraph (a) or (b), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"succeed" for the purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and 
the definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", means, with respect to the 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) 
issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor 
or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such 
Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable.  For purposes of the provisions relating to the 
determination of a Successor and the definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession 
Event", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the 
final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination 
pursuant to the definition of "Successor" would not be affected by any further related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined 
by DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution 
Request Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date 
on which the Calculation Agent determines a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity 
that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred and (ii) the Successor 
Resolution Request Date, in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date 
has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not 
to make a Successor determination and (C) the Calculation Agent determines, not more than 
fifteen CLN Business Days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred.  The Successor Backstop Date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 7(a)(ii) (Provisions for determining 
a Successor), the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (g) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent or more of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will 
be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to 
more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor;

--- Page 579 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
579 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference 
Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(f) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest 
percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more 
entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will 
be a Successor); and 
(g) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and 
at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or 
(B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) 
and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at 
any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal 
Successor") will be the sole Successor for the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on 
which such notice is effective. 
"Surviving Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note 
Condition 7(c)(ii) (Nth-to-Default) above. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system) is open. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tranche Size" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs, the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point. 
"Tranched CLNs" means Credit Linked Notes where the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from the Noteholders in respect of a tranched basket of Reference Entities (other than on an 
Nth-to-default basis), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a 
related Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in 
respect of such Credit Event and in respect of which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction 
would be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each "Transaction 
Type" specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale 
pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions

--- Page 580 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
580 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which, the Calculation Agent 
determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure by the Noteholder to deliver an 
Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, 
court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the 
Delivery of Loans) it is impossible or illegal to Deliver, as a result of an event described in Credit 
Linked Note Condition 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement). 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the 
Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
"Underlying Loan" means where the LPN Issuer provides a loan to the Reference Entity. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the 
subject of the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
"Unsettled Credit Event" means any Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference 
Entity for which the related Final Price Calculation Date has not occurred. 
"Unsettled Retention Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs in respect of which one 
or more Unsettled Credit Events has occurred, the sum of the maximum aggregate Incurred 
Loss Amounts and maximum aggregate Incurred Recovery Amounts which could be 
determined (assuming an Auction Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of 
zero in respect of each Unsettled Credit Event).  
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
any CLN Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd CLN Business Day 
following the Event Determination Date (or, if the Event Determination Date occurs 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above of the definition of "Event Determination Date", 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs, if later), or, following any 
Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such later CLN 
Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion); or 
(b) 
if "Cash Settlement" is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any CLN Business 
Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd CLN Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date, or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction 
Announcement Date, such later CLN Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); or 
(c) 
if Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement applies, the date which is up to fifteen CLN 
Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable 
the Extended Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion). 
"Valuation Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the Credit Linked Note Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference 
Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of being 
specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) 
if Physical Settlement were the applicable Settlement Method and/or any Asset in the related 
Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in

--- Page 581 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
581 
each case, as selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion on or prior to the 
applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose: 
(a) 
any reference to "Delivery Date" or "NOPS Effective Date" in the definitions of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation", within any of the 
terms comprising "Deliverable Obligation Category" or "Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic" and "Due and Payable Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the words "Relevant Valuation Date"; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding Principal 
Balance", "Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of 
"Final Price", "Full Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted 
Average Quotation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Outstanding 
Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in the definition of 
"Valuation Obligation" is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected 
settlement method. 
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference 
Entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, 
as the case may be, an Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its in its sole and absolute discretion (and references to "Quotation 
Amount" shall be construed accordingly), provided that the aggregate of such Outstanding 
Amounts (or in each case the equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the 
foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from (and including) the Event Determination Date 
to (and including) the Valuation Date, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its in its sole and 
absolute discretion)), shall not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity or, if no such time 
is specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined 
for each selected Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the 
outstanding amount of each such Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination). 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the 
CLN Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the CLN Dealers at the 
Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference 
Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or its equivalent in 
the relevant currency converted by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of such 
determination), of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (in the case 
of Deliverable Obligations only, but of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) 
that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Writedown Amount" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating to a 
Reference Entity, the aggregate of the Incurred Loss Amounts (if any) and if "Incurred 
Recoveries" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Incurred Recovery Amounts (if any) 
for the related Final Price Calculation Date and any related Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs.

--- Page 582 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
582 
12. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
The following are the "NTCE Provisions", which shall (i) not apply in respect of a Reference 
Entity if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) apply in respect of a Reference Entity if 
such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign, in each case unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms (and reference in any applicable Transaction Type to "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 2019)" shall for clarification, be to these 
provisions). 
(a) 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Note Condition 11 
shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with 
Credit Linked Note Condition 6(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference Entity's 
accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a 
Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including 
accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation 
(determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the 
terms of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may 
otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment 
or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) less 
any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (ii), the "Non-
Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are 
amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date), or (II) the Relevant Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, "applicable laws" shall include any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant 
obligation is, or may become, subject. 
Unless "Fallback Discounting" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then notwithstanding the above, if 
(i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted 
under paragraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price 
less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the 
amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment amount, 
and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over 
time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of 
such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be 
the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight 
line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under

--- Page 583 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
583 
the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as 
applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for 
applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the 
exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
"Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated 
as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account 
the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the Calculation Agent in such 
manner and by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate.".

--- Page 584 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
584 
ANNEX A TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and 
the Form of Auction Settlement Terms (as defined below or in Annex B to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes).  All times of day in this summary refer to such times in London. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of a Reference Entity (such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or more 
auctions will be held in order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity 
based upon a specified Auction Final Price determined in accordance with an auction procedure (each, 
an "Auction").  If an Auction is to be held, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based 
upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms first published as Annex B to the 2009 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") 
on 12 March 2009 (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms").  Noteholders should note that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees have the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms for a particular auction and that this summary may therefore not be accurate in all 
cases.  The following does not purport to be a complete summary and prospective investors must refer 
to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for detailed information regarding the auction methodology 
set forth therein (the "Auction Methodology").  The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply to 
credit default swaps on the Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Credit Linked Notes.  
A copy of the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer and is 
also currently available at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto).  The Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will additionally make several related determinations, including the date on 
which the Auction will be held (the "Auction Date"), the institutions that will act as participating bidders 
in the Auction (the "Participating Bidders") and the supplemental terms that are detailed in Schedule 
1 to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms.  The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may 
also amend the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may determine that a 
public comment period is necessary in order to effect such an amendment if such amendment is not 
contemplated by the Rules. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, 
an "Auction Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of 
each Deliverable Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if 
such Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating 
Bidders (determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each 
such Relevant Pairing.  If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three 
such rates are obtained by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean 
of such rates, without regard to the rates having the highest and lowest values.  If exactly three rates 
are obtained, the Auction Currency Rate will be the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having 
the highest and lowest values.  For this purpose, if more than one rate has the same highest or lowest 
value, then one of such rates shall be disregarded.  If fewer than three rates are obtained, it will be 
deemed that the Auction Currency Rate cannot be determined for such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial Market 
Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer Physical 
Settlement Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into 
credit derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction.

--- Page 585 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
585 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no 
more than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of 
the Relevant Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity).  The Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm 
commitments, submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as 
applicable, to enter into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which 
case, such commitment will be a "Physical Settlement Buy Request") or as buyer (in which case, such 
commitment will be a "Physical Settlement Sell Request").  Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request 
must be, to the best of such Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and 
not in excess of, its Market Position.  Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best 
of the relevant customer's knowledge and belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement 
Requests submitted by such customer), in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market 
Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a 
minimum number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with 
the Auction recommencing at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as 
follows. 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment 
Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical 
Settlement Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for 
which bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between 
Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with the 
tightest spreads.  The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial Market 
Bids and Initial Market Offers contained in the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradeable market 
will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction 
Methodology.  Any payments of Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related 
to any auction that ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of 
settlement of credit derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may 
be repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding 
Period has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market 
Midpoint and the details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced 
during the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations, Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account.

--- Page 586 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
586 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology.  If the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will 
match the Open Interest against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids 
or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the lowest bid, as 
applicable, provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price associated with the 
lowest matched bid exceeds the Initial Market Midpoint by more than the "Cap Amount" (being the 
percentage that is equal to one half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread (rounded to the 
nearest Relevant Pricing Increment)), then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint 
plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase and the Initial Market Midpoint 
exceeds the price associated with the highest offer by more than the Cap Amount, then the Auction 
Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint minus the Cap Amount. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, 
have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the Auction Final Price will 
be: (a) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the greater of (i) zero, and (ii) 
the highest Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell 
Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 
100 per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent 
bidding period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the 
Auction Final Price; (b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer 
Physical Settlement Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the 
details of all such bids and offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Restructuring 
Following certain Restructuring credit events, more than one auction may be held and there may be 
more than one Auction Final Price and credit default swaps are grouped into buckets by maturity and 
depending on which party triggers the credit default swap.  Deliverable obligations will be identified for 
each bucket (any deliverable obligations included in a shorter bucket will also be deliverable for all 
longer buckets).  If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines to hold an auction for 
a particular bucket, then that auction will be held according to the existing auction methodology that has 
previously been used for Bankruptcy and Failure to Pay credit events as described in the summary 
below, except that the deliverable obligations will be limited to those falling within the relevant maturity 
bucket. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer if 
applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a 
Customer Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have 
entered into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a 
Limit Bid, Limit Offer, or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative 
Auction-Settled Transaction with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer.  
Accordingly, each such Participating Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations 
pursuant to a trade formed in the auction must deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder 
or customer has been matched a Notice of Physical Settlement indicating the Deliverable Obligations

--- Page 587 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
587 
that it will deliver, and such Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in exchange for payment 
of the Auction Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction 
Date will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market 
participant (endorsed by a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to 
resolve whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date will 
occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 588 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
588 
ANNEX B TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
In making certain determinations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent may 
but is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. This Annex sets forth a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules, as published by ISDA and made available on the website of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor 
website thereto) as of 9 March 2018 (the "Rules") and is subject to the rules as published by ISDA from 
time to time and as amended from time to time. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and 
prospective investors should also read the Rules and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment 
decisions. 
A 
copy 
of 
the 
Rules 
published 
by 
ISDA 
is 
available 
at: 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto). 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Final Terms 
or the Rules, as applicable. 
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each 
of the regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle 
East and Africa and (e) Japan. As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a 
voting member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Risk Factors – 
Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information 
regarding conflicts of interest. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will act in accordance 
with the Rules and will make determinations that are relevant for Credit Derivative Transactions that 
incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as amended 
from time to time (the "2014 Definitions"). ISDA will serve as the secretary of each Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and will perform administrative duties and make certain determinations as 
provided for under the Rules. 
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 
Definitions (depending on the applicable "Coverage Election" and subsequent determinations of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee)  and for which the relevant provisions are not materially 
inconsistent with the provisions with respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
bases its determination. As a result, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are not applicable to the Noteholders, unless specified otherwise in the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees shall have no ability to amend the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees owe no duty to the Noteholders. See "Risk Factors - Risks Associated with Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" for further information. The terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
provide that the Noteholders will be subject to certain determinations by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make 
determinations without action or knowledge by the Noteholders. 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (i) a question to ISDA 
by an identified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting members of 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (ii) a question 
to ISDA by an unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least two of the voting 
members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (iii) 
a question to ISDA by an eligible market participant which is an Eligible CCP (being an eligible clearing 
entity) and such question is not designated as a "General Interest Question" and relates to an eligible 
cleared Reference Entity with respect to such Eligible CCP and to certain specified matters such as a 
Credit Event, Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and/or Successor. ISDA will convene the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee for the region to which the referred question relates, as 
determined in accordance with the Rules. Any party to a transaction that incorporates, or is deemed to 
incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions may refer a question to ISDA for a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider. Therefore, a binding determination may be

--- Page 589 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
589 
made with respect to the Credit Linked Notes without any action by the Noteholders.  Noteholders (in 
their capacity as holders of the Credit Linked Notes) will not be able to refer questions to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may 
result quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held 
with respect to such question unless the timeframe is extended by agreement of at least 80% of the 
voting members participating in a vote held in accordance with the Rules. In addition, voting members 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are required to participate in each binding vote, 
subject only to limited abstention rights. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions, meeting statements and the 
results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Noteholders of such information 
(other than as expressly provided in the Final Terms). Noteholders shall therefore be responsible for 
obtaining such information.  See "Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees". 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may 
materially affect the Noteholders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to 
make a broad range of determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes and materially affect the Noteholders. For each of the general types of questions 
discussed below, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may determine component 
questions that arise under the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, or the Rules and that 
are related to the initial question referred. Since the terms governing the credit-linked elements of the 
Credit Linked Notes are substantially similar to the 2014 Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 
2003 Definitions, such determinations may affect the Noteholders, as further described below. 
Credit Events 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event 
has occurred and, if applicable, the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are also within 
the scope of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential Failure to Pay 
or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will also determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information 
has been provided. Each of these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available 
Information has been provided, requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members 
participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the 
question to the external review process, as described further below. The determination of whether the 
required Publicly Available Information has been provided requires the agreement of at least a majority 
of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules and is not 
eligible for external review. Each of these determinations may affect whether an Event Determination 
Date will occur under the Credit Linked Notes. If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred with respect to one of the Reference Entity(ies) on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date, then an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Successors 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether there are any 
Successor or Successors to a Reference Entity and the relevant Succession Date. In addition, the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will also determine the identity of the Successor(s) in 
accordance with the Rules. For a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including 
any adjustments required to be made if there is a Steps Plan), the proportion of the Relevant 
Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds and the Succession Date. For a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will determine the 
Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments to be made if there is a Steps 
Plan), whether a Sovereign Succession Event has occurred, if so the proportion of the Relevant 
Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds, and the Succession Date. Each of these 
determinations requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding 
vote held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external

--- Page 590 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
590 
review process, as described further below, except for the actual identification of the Successor(s) for 
a Reference Entity (which only requires a majority and is not eligible for external review). The 
Calculation Agent may use the relevant DC Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees in order to determine Successor(s) to the Reference Entity(ies). 
Other Questions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether circumstances 
have occurred that require a Substitute Reference Obligation to be identified and, if so, the appropriate 
Substitute Reference Obligation. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may also make 
determinations in relation to (i) Standard Reference Obligations and if applicable replacement Standard 
Reference Obligations in accordance with the Standard Reference Obligation Rules and (ii) whether or 
not Asset Package Delivery is applicable pursuant to the 2014 Definitions and if so, any Asset Package 
relating to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable. In addition, the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether an entity that acts as 
seller of protection under one or more transactions (such entity, the "Relevant Seller") or a Reference 
Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or transferred all or substantially all its 
assets to, the Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as applicable, or that the Relevant Seller and the 
Affected Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these determinations requires the agreement 
of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules 
in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below. 
The Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the equivalent determinations with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions 
that are relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral 
dispute. Such questions require the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a 
binding vote held in accordance with the Rules for each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
implicated by the relevant question, as determined in accordance with the Rules, in order to avoid the 
possible referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below. 
Furthermore, the question relating to such DC Resolution may also be referred to the external review 
process if at least a majority of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance 
with the Rules agree. Any guidance given by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees with 
respect to questions of interpretation of the 2014 Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 2003 
Definitions are likely to influence the Calculation Agent in interpreting equivalent provisions under the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Any such question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees by an 
unidentified eligible market participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee(s) will deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the voting members 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question. Once the 
deliberations on such question have commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will proceed in accordance with the procedures described above with respect to the relevant 
question category, except that the identity of the eligible market participant who submitted the question 
will not be revealed to the members of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or the general 
public. 
External Review 
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not 
met during the binding vote held with respect to such question. For such questions, if at least 80% of 
the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules fail to agree, the 
question will be automatically referred to the external review process. Questions that are not eligible for 
external review often require only a simple majority of participating voting members to agree in order to 
reach a DC Resolution. 
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals 
who will be selected by either the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or by ISDA at 
random. The default duration of the external review process (which can be modified by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days

--- Page 591 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
591 
from the referral of the question and contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral 
argument. Any member of ISDA may provide written submissions to the external reviewers, which will 
be made available to the public on the ISDA website, and the conclusion reached in accordance with 
the external review process will be binding on the Noteholders. In instances where the vote of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was less than or equal to 60%, the decision of a 
majority of the external reviewers will be determinative. However, in instances where the vote of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was between 60% and 80%, all three external 
reviewers must agree in order to overturn the vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Noteholders should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was 
not available to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at or prior to the time of the 
binding vote and questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for 
another vote if new information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at 
a decision for any reason, the entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process 
may be elongated in certain situations, leaving questions that may materially affect the Noteholders 
unresolved for a period of time. 
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three 
non-voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving 
across all regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer 
institutions that serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one 
dealer institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution 
that could potentially vary by region. For the first composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees only, an additional non-voting dealer institution has been selected to serve across all 
regions. 
Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Separate criteria applies with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Noteholders will have no role in establishing 
such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will 
change from time to time in accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an 
institution may be required to be replaced. The Noteholders will have no control over the process for 
selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the 
extent provided for in the Credit Linked Notes, will be subject to the determinations made by such 
selected institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees 
As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. In such capacity, it may take certain actions that may 
influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
including (without limitation): (a) agreeing to deliberate a question referred to ISDA, (b) voting on the 
resolution of any question being deliberated by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and (c) 
advocating a certain position during the external review process. In addition, as a party to transactions 
which incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, 
the Calculation Agent may refer a question to ISDA for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
to deliberate. In deciding whether to take any such action, the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall 
be under no obligation to consider the interests of any Noteholder. See "Potential conflicts of interest of 
the Calculation Agent" below for additional information. 
Potential Conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent 
Since, as of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and is a party to transactions which incorporate, 
or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, it may take certain 
actions which may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. See "Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" above for additional information. Such action may be adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Calculation

--- Page 592 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
592 
Agent. In taking any action relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or performing 
any duty under the Rules, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to consider the interests of the 
Noteholders and may ignore any conflict of interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Noteholders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or 
liability arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, 
except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees do not owe any duty to the Noteholders and the 
Noteholders will be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions 
under the Rules. 
Noteholders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific 
determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated 
to follow previous determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar 
set of facts. 
Noteholders shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes 
will be published on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their 
respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Noteholders of such information (other than as 
expressly provided in the Final Terms). Failure by the Noteholders to be aware of information relating 
to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the Final 
Terms and Noteholders are solely responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Amendments to the Rules 
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Noteholders and the 
powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 593 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
593 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 593 
2. 
Market Disruption ............................................................................................................... 602 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events .............................................................................................. 602 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events ................................................................................................... 603 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events ....................................................................... 606 
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event ................................................................... 607 
7. 
Definitions relating to ETI Shares ...................................................................................... 610 
8. 
Market Disruption (ETI Shares) ......................................................................................... 617 
9. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events (ETI Shares) ............................... 617 
9.1 
Potential Adjustment Events (ETI Shares) ........................................................... 617 
9.2 
Extraordinary Events (ETI Shares) ....................................................................... 618 
10. 
Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional Disruption Events (ETI Shares) 624 
11. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price (ETI Shares) .................................................................... 625 
12. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event ................................................................................ 626 
13. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event ................................................................................... 628 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to ETI Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, (the "General Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set 
out below (the "ETI Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the ETI Linked 
Conditions, the ETI Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
ETI Share Provisions not applicable 
If ETI Share Provisions are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, ETI Linked 
Conditions 1 to 6 (inclusive) and 12 and 13 will apply. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary ETI Event" means any event specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will 
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
price, level, value or amount provided that, if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted 
Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant 
to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is 
or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then:

--- Page 594 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
594 
(i) 
where the Notes are ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day 
is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant value, amount, level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket, the Averaging 
Date for each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging 
Date") and the Averaging Date for each ETI Interest affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
ETI Interest. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such ETI Interest 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original 
date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that such Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) 
in respect of such ETI Interest, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant value, level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Valid Date" means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not occur. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs in respect of one or 
more ETI Interests or the related ETI comprising the ETI Basket which has or, in the event that 
an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred in respect of more than one ETI, together have, a 
Weighting in the ETI Basket equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, 50 per cent. 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, each day which is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the relevant ETI Interest. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance 
System being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an ETI and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing 
price (or if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked Condition 3 (Potential 
Adjustment Events) or ETI Linked Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events). 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 595 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
595 
"Dividend Event" means that with reference to the later of (i) the two financial years prior to 
the Trade Date, and (ii) the two financial years prior to the relevant observation date, the ETI 
has implemented a material change to its practice with respect to the payment of dividends. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the 
case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
"ETI" means (i) any exchange traded fund, (ii) the issuer of (A) an exchange traded note, (B) 
exchange traded commodity or (iii) any other exchange traded product or (iii) any other 
exchange traded entity specified as an ETI in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ETI Basket" means, where the ETI Linked Notes are linked to the performance of ETI Interests 
of more than one ETI, a basket comprising such ETI Interests. 
"ETI Documents" means with respect to any ETI Interest, the offering document of the relevant 
ETI in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions 
relating to such ETI Interests and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or 
agreements in respect of the ETI, as may be further described in any ETI Document. 
"ETI Interest(s)" means (i) in respect of an exchange traded fund, an ownership interest issued 
to or held by an investor in such ETI, (ii) in respect of an exchange traded note or an exchange 
traded commodity, a unit or note, as the case may be, issued by such ETI, or (iii) in respect of 
any other exchange traded product, any other interest specified as an ETI Interest in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"ETI Interest Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or (b) if none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"ETI Related Party" means, in respect of any ETI, any person who is appointed to provide 
services (howsoever described in any ETI Documents), directly or indirectly, in respect of such 
ETI, whether or not specified in the ETI Documents, including any advisor, manager, 
administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime 
broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or 
general partner and any other person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and in 
the case of an exchange traded note or exchange traded commodity, the calculation agent. 
"Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for the relevant ETI in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI 
Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange 
Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of an ETI Basket, (i) Exchange 
Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification 
is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall 
apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open 
for trading in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective 
regular trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time.

--- Page 596 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
596 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related 
Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest on the Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the 
ETI Interest on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event, 
the date on which such Extraordinary ETI Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, an 
affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  The Hedge 
Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of ETI Interests, or enter or be deemed 
to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance 
of, such number of ETI Interests as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation 
Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the 
relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in an ETI Interest which is deemed to 
have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant ETI Documents, of an investor 
holding an ETI Interest at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the 
Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount (which may never be less than zero) 
equal to the present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, of 
any scheduled but unpaid payments under the Notes in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date to (and including) the Maturity Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner but, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, taking into account, 
without limitation, such factors as the net proceeds actually received from the redemption or 
sale of any ETI Interests by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the ETI Interests and any 
transaction costs. 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded 
Option Value following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event.

--- Page 597 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
597 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if not so specified, the Hedging Date. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETI and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
published or quoted price (or if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such 
time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) or ETI Linked Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI 
Events); 
"Investment/AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, EUR 100,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Interests and Entity, any (i) reclassification 
or change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange in which such ETI, is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETI Interests outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests of an ETI that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETI Interests (other than such 
ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI or its subsidiaries with 
or into another entity in which the ETI is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such ETI Interests outstanding but results in the outstanding 
ETI Interests (other than ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETI 
Interests immediately following such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event 
Effective Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation 
Date or(b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the Maturity Date. For the purposes of this 
definition only, "Interests" shall mean the applicable ETI Interests or the shares of any 
applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall mean the 
applicable ETI or any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require. 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount per Note determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value on the Implied Embedded Option Value 
Determination Date; and 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
"Number of Value Publication Days" means the number of calendar days or Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date 
for publication or reporting of the Value per ETI Interest after which the ETI Related Party or 
any entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETI Documents, or any other party 
acting on behalf of the ETI, may remedy any failure to publish or report the Value per ETI 
Interest before the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETI Event has 
occurred. 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined as:

--- Page 598 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
598 
(i) 
If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
the greater of: 
(1) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(2) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(B) 
the Simple Interest; or 
(ii) 
If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is not specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Implied Embedded Option Value. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" 
is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) on the 
overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI and in relation to an ETI 
Interest, Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of an ETI Basket, 
(i) Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI 
Interest Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such 
specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest 
Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any 
day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for 
trading in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular 
trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI 
Interest are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s). 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days 
following a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms and subject 
to the provisions of these ETI Linked Conditions and as referred to in "Valuation Date" or 
"Averaging Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket and in respect of each ETI 
Interest comprising the ETI Basket, an amount equal to (x) if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official closing price, the official closing 
price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Averaging Date (or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such

--- Page 599 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
599 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal 
to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying 
price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling 
price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
for such ETI Interest whose official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent shall decide), or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Settlement Price is to be the Value per ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest for such 
ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, in each case multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be 
converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to (x) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official closing 
price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying 
price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) for the ETI Interest based, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either 
on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to 
it by two or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on such other factors 
as the Calculation Agent shall decide), or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the Settlement Price is to be the Value per ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest on 
(a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) 
if Averaging is specified on the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, in each 
case, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into 
the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the 
Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount 
of interest that would accrue on the Termination Amount during the period from (and including) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and excluding) the later of (i) the 
Maturity Date or (ii) the date falling five Business Days after the Implied Embedded Option 
Value Determination Date calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the 
Floating Rate Payer under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (the "ISDA Definitions") published by the International Swaps and Derivatives

--- Page 600 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
600 
Association, Inc. (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the Notes, provided 
that, the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
select any successor or replacement definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives), in which case ISDA Definitions 
will mean any such successor or replacement definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions) 
under which: 
(a) 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
(b) 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
(c) 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date; 
(d) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EONIA-Swap Index (if the Specified Currency is 
EUR) or Federal Funds-H.15 (if the Specified Currency is USD); 
(e) 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified minus 0.125 per cent.; 
(f) 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
(g) 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each 
date falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
(h) 
"Compounding" is "Inapplicable". 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days, or such 
other number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Event" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Event Percentage" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day". 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETI or an 
ETI Related Party, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
"Termination Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, the (i) Principal Protected Termination Amount or (ii) the Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer as provided herein and 
specified in the notice given to Noteholders in accordance with ETI Linked Condition 6.2(c) or 
(ii) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means in relation to an ETI Interest, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI 
on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETI Interest or any 
underlying asset of the ETI on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 601 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
601 
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, the Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, 
amount or price in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or 
if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price, value or amount in accordance 
with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, amount or price as of the 
Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket, the Valuation Date for each 
ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each ETI Interest affected (each an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant value, level, amount or price using, in relation to the 
Affected Item, a price determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the value for the 
Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means in the case of an ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest either (i) the 
close of trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Value per ETI Interest" means, with respect to the relevant ETI Interest(s) and the Scheduled 
Trading Day relating to such ETI Interests, (i) if the relevant ETI Documents refer to an official 
net asset value per ETI Interest (howsoever described), such official net asset value per ETI 
Interest otherwise (ii) the official closing price or value per ETI Interest, as of the relevant 
calculation date, as reported on such Scheduled Trading Day by the ETI or an ETI Related 
Party, the relevant Exchange or publishing service (which may include the website of an ETI), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" means the percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 5%. 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" means the percentage by which the Value 
per ETI Interest differs from the actual trading price of the ETI Interest as of the time the Value 
per ETI Interest is calculated. 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" means, in respect of any ETI Interest(s), that (i) the 
Value per ETI Interest has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the Value Trigger 
Percentage(s) at any time during the related Value Trigger Period, or (ii) the ETI has violated 
any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETI or its assets by operation of 
any law, (x) any order or judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it 
or any of its assets, (y) the ETI Documents or (z) any other contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the ETI or any of its assets. 
"Value Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, 50 per cent.

--- Page 602 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
602 
"Value Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final 
Calculation Date. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Notes relating to a single ETI Interest or an 
ETI Basket, in respect of an ETI Interest the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date or on any Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
a repurchase or exercise of any call option by any ETI of relevant ETI Interests whether 
out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(c) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment 
Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI or 
ETI Related Party, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, as the case may be, of the 
terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (i) 
make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any 
of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will 
be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) and (ii) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an 
options exchange to options on the ETI Interest traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the adjustment to any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the 
Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date.

--- Page 603 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
603 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events 
Subject to the provisions of ETI Linked Condition 5 (Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events), 
"Extraordinary ETI Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the 
Trade Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
(a) 
the ETI or any ETI Related Party (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of an ETI Related 
Party, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, 
prime brokerage, or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has 
a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) 
(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for 
its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has 
an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
(a) 
there exists any litigation against the ETI or an ETI Related Party which the Calculation 
Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could 
materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any 
investor therein; or 
(b) 
an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETI, or any ETI 
Related Party, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any 
investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is 
commenced or is threatened against the ETI, any ETI Related Party or any key 
personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings 
could, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such ETI Interests; 
Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Persons Events: 
(a) 
(i) an ETI Related Party ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETI (including 
by way of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such 
capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or (ii) any event 
occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation

--- Page 604 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
604 
Agent) cause, the failure of the ETI and/or any ETI Related Party to meet or maintain 
any obligation or undertaking under the ETI Documents which failure is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or 
remedies of any investor therein; 
Modification Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the ETI (howsoever 
described, including the underlying type of assets in which the ETI invests), from those 
set out in the ETI Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential modification 
or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature; 
(b) 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the ETI invests, 
(ii) the ETI purports to track, or (iii) the ETI accepts/provides for purposes of 
creation/redemption baskets; 
(c) 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the ETI (including but not limited to a material modification of the ETI 
Documents or to the ETI's liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does 
not affect the ETI Interests or the or any portfolio of assets to which the ETI Interest 
relates (either alone or in common with other ETI Interests issued by the ETI); 
(d) 
the currency denomination of the ETI Interest is amended from that set out in the ETI 
Documents so that the Value per ETI Interest is no longer calculated in the same 
currency as it was as at the Trade Date; or 
(e) 
if applicable, the ETI ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the 
legislation of its relevant jurisdiction; 
Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of the method of calculating the Value per ETI Interest; 
(b) 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the Value per ETI 
Interest; 
(c) 
any of the ETI, any ETI Related Parties or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI 
fails for any reason to calculate and publish the Value per ETI Interest within the 
Number of Value Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination 
of the valuation of the ETI Interests unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a 
technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the entity responsible 
for such publication; 
(d) 
the assets under management of, or total investment in, the ETI falls below the 
Investment/AUM Level; 
(e) 
a Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event occurs; 
(f) 
failure by the ETI or any ETI Related Party to publish (i) the Value per ETI Interest at 
the end of each Scheduled Trading Day as a result of any action or inaction by the ETI 
or any ETI Related Party, or (ii) where the relevant ETI Documents provide for the 
publication of an indicative Value per ETI Interest, such indicative Value per ETI 
Interest is published no less frequently than once every five (5) minutes during regular 
trading hours on the Exchange on each Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(g) 
(i) the Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential breaches the Value per ETI 
Interest Trading Price Barrier, and (ii) such breach has an adverse impact on any 
hedging activities in relation to the Notes; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events:

--- Page 605 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
605 
(a) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on 
any hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes 
(a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period 
of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, 
used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by 
seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that 
the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps 
which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out 
above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes 
apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; or 
(b) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETI or the ETI Related Parties are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of 
any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETI by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETI), (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority 
in respect of the ETI or the ETI Related Parties or new conditions are imposed, or 
existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the ETI 
is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETI Interests, (iv) the Hedge 
Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of 
or compulsorily redeem any ETI Interests held in connection with any hedging 
arrangements relating to the Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting 
or regulatory treatment of the ETI or any ETI Related Party that is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or other activities or 
undertakings of the ETI or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein, including 
any Hedge Provider; 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
(a) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any 
change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any 
other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or 
impractical for the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances 
requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar 
requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of regulatory capital that 
would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETI Interests or that would 
subject a holder of the ETI Interests or the Hedge Provider) to any loss) purchase or 
sell the relevant ETI Interests or any underlying assets of or related to the ETI or for 
the Hedge Provider to maintain its hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided 
below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week following the day the 
Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of 
the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated 
company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind 
and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no practicable means of 
mitigating the Relevant Event; 
(b) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Notes and the related hedging arrangements (including, but 
not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or combined effect 
thereof if occurring more than once)) would be materially increased or the Hedge

--- Page 606 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
606 
Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the Notes and the related 
hedging arrangements; 
(c) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider is 
unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any 
futures or option contracts on the relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the 
equity, commodity or other underlying ETI Interest asset price risk or any other relevant 
price risk, including but not limited to the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or (ii) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset, or futures or 
option contract or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETI Interest of the ETI; 
(d) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of 
tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to maintain the Notes; or 
(e) 
if at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first Tranche of the Series, (i) the Hedge 
Provider unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in an ETI 
that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under management or (ii) as a 
consequence of changes in the performance, size, investment strategy or liquidity of 
an ETI, the Hedge Provider holds an ownership interest in such ETI that exceeds 10 
per cent. of the total assets under management; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes linked to an ETI Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs; 
(b) 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to 
any ETI Related Party or any parent company (howsoever described) of the ETI, by 
Moody's Investors Service Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof 
("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, 
Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded below 
A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI Related Party by Moody's or S&P is 
downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's); 
(c) 
the occurrence of a Loss of Stock Borrow; 
(d) 
the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary ETI Event; 
(e) 
if the relevant ETI Documents provide for the payment of dividends, the occurrence of 
a Dividend Event; or 
(f) 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the 
relevant ETI Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the Exchange for any reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted 
on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock 
Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or 
their respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within 
the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  Where the occurrence of an event or set of 
circumstances is capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary ETI Event or both an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine which 
Extraordinary ETI Event is to be triggered or whether such event or set of circumstances shall 
be an Extraordinary ETI Event or Market Disruption Event. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an 
Extraordinary ETI Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from

--- Page 607 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
607 
the Trade Date, of any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set 
of circumstances occurs more than once. 
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event 
6.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary ETI Event Notice") to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such Extraordinary ETI Event 
(the date on which an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary ETI Event 
Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event.  The Extraordinary ETI Event Notice shall set out, if determined at that 
time, the action that it has determined to take in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event pursuant 
to ETI Linked Condition 6.2. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to take is not, for 
whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has 
determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, as 
soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other 
person in connection with the Notes as a result of any delay in notifying Noteholders of the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an 
Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment or 
delivery in respect of the Notes until the Issuer has determined the action to take pursuant to 
ETI Linked Condition 6.2 below. 
6.2 
Following an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer may take the action described below in (a), 
(b) or (c). 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI 
Event is to be "Adjustment", then it may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or 
to the Notes and a change in the Weighting of any remaining ETI Interest(s) 
not affected by an Extraordinary ETI Event. The Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment 
in respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event made by any options 
exchange to options on the ETI Interests traded on that options exchange; or 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI 
Interests traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in 
shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make 
a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be 
effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective 
date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange.  If 
options on the ETI Interests are not traded on the Options Exchange, the

--- Page 608 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
608 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if 
any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI 
Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise 
to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI 
Event is to be "Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall on or after the relevant 
Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date, substitute each ETI Interest (each, an 
"Affected ETI Interest") of each ETI (each, an "Affected ETI") which is affected by 
such Extraordinary ETI Event with an ETI Interest selected by it in accordance with the 
criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below (each, a "Substitute ETI Interest") and 
the Substitute ETI Interests will be deemed to be an "ETI Interest" and the relevant 
issuer of such Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes of the Notes, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that 
in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by 
reference to the Initial Price of the Affected ETI Interest, the Initial Price of each 
Substitute ETI Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Initial Price = A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETI Basket will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the 
notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary ETI 
Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must 
satisfy the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer 
(a) in the case of ETI Linked Notes related to a single ETI, and (b) in the case 
of ETI Linked Notes related to an ETI Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest 
shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or person that in the case 
of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event or in 
the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that 
(i) the relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the ETI Basket and 
(ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is promptly

--- Page 609 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
609 
scheduled to be, (x) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, 
where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any member 
state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in 
paragraph (i) above, but such share/unit/interest is (in the case of ETI Linked 
Notes related to an ETI Basket), already included in the ETI Basket, or (b) 
where the Extraordinary ETI Event is not a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, an 
alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant ETI, including but 
not limited to, a comparable listing (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not 
be restricted to a listing on the exchange or quotation system in the same 
geographic region, investment objectives, investment restrictions and 
investment processes, underlying asset pools and whose related parties (such 
as, but not limited to, trustee, general partner, sponsor, advisor, manager, 
operating company, custodian, prime broker and depository) are acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI 
Event is to be "Termination", on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be (which such notice may be included in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice in respect 
of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but 
not some only of the outstanding ETI Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of 
the Termination Amount on the Termination Date, payments being made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(d) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the 
Issuer is under no duty to consider the interests of Noteholders or any other person. In 
making any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other 
person in connection with the Notes as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as 
a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes. 
(e) 
Correction of ETI Interest Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange 
Business Days prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Notes, if the 
price of the relevant ETI Interest published on a given day and used or to be used by 
the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published by the relevant price source within the number 
of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the original publication, the price 
to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected.  Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for 
payment or delivery under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
(f) 
Calculations and Determinations

--- Page 610 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
610 
To the extent permitted by any applicable law, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, 
as applicable, will make the calculations and determinations as described in the ETI 
Linked Conditions in such a manner as the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, determines to be appropriate acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated in the ETI 
Linked Conditions, the hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and the nature of 
the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests. 
ETI Share Provisions applicable 
If ETI Share Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, ETI Linked Conditions 
7 to 13 (inclusive) will apply. 
7. 
Definitions relating to ETI Shares 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will 
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
price, level, value or amount provided that, if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted 
Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, value, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a 
day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day 
is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant amount, value, level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, the 
Averaging Date for each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
"Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each ETI Interest 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such ETI Interest. If the first succeeding Valid Date in

--- Page 611 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
611 
relation to such ETI Interest has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such ETI 
Interest, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value level, 
price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) 
of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Valid Date" means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not occur. 
"Basket of ETI Interests" means a basket composed of ETI Interests of each ETI specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of ETI Interests of each ETI specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(i) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any 
relevant hedge position relating to an ETI Interest; or 
(ii) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in the 
Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge position 
relating to an ETI Interest; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the relevant ETI Interests; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance 
System being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an ETI Interest and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official 
closing price in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked Condition 9 (Potential Adjustment Events 
and Extraordinary Events); 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the 
case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day; 
"ETI" means the legal vehicle and/or legal arrangements that issue the ETI Interests;

--- Page 612 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
612 
"ETI Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"ETI Documents" means, with respect to an ETI, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the ETI specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such ETI and/or the ETI Interests, in each case, as amended from time to time; 
"ETI Interests" means units in the ETI as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Manager" means, in respect of an ETI, each of the investment advisor, investment 
manager and sub-manager of such ETI, and any other key individual or entity involved with or 
having supervisory or management powers over such ETI; 
"ETI Strategy" means, in respect of an ETI, the strategies or investment guidelines stated in 
the ETI Documents, which contribute to the net asset value of the ETI Interests; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI 
Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange 
Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETI Interests, (i) 
Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per ETI 
Interest Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such 
specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests 
Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of ETI 
Interests, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, are open for trading in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the Basket of ETI Interests 
during their respective regular trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange 
or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest(s) on the relevant Exchange or (b) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating 
to the ETI Interest(s) on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETI Interest; 
"Hedging ETI Interests" means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes;

--- Page 613 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
613 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a rate to borrow any ETI Interest that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, the initial stock loan rate 
specified in relation to such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that an ETI institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction 
over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted 
or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the ETI shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETI Interest and any time on a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the published or quoted price in respect of the relevant ETI Interest at such time on such 
day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked Condition 9 
(Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events); 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in an 
amount equal to the Hedging ETI Interests at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock 
Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" 
or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging 
Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were 
to "Observation Date"; 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each 
case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange

--- Page 614 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
614 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" 
is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETI Interest; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below; 
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Scheduled 
Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETI Interests, (i) 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interests Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest 
Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such 
specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interests 
Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of ETI 
Interests, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be 
open for trading in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the Basket of ETI Interests during 
their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI 
Interest are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page 
or service thereto; 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days 
following a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms and subject 
to the provisions of these ETI Security Conditions and as referred to in "Strike Date", 
"Observation Date", "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests and in respect of 
each ETI Interest comprising the Basket of ETI Interests, an amount equal to the official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on (i) if Averaging is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of 
the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price

--- Page 615 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
615 
(or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for such ETI Interest whose official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either 
on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to 
it by two or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interests (or on such other 
factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, 
such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the 
Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to 
the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on (i) if Averaging 
is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined 
and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not 
a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair 
market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) for the ETI Interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic 
mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more 
financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
engaged in the trading of such ETI Interests (or on such other factors as the Calculation 
Agent shall decide), such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount 
to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, 
as the case may be; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such 
other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, the price of any ETI Interest as quoted 
on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such ETI Interest on or after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike Date, is less 
than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, of its Strike Price 
or, if no Strike Price is stipulated in the applicable Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark 
price for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then:

--- Page 616 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
616 
(i) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, the Strike Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price in accordance with its good 
faith estimate of the relevant price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, the Strike Date for 
each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Strike Date, and the Strike Date for each ETI Interest affected (each an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant price using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price 
determined using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (a) 
relating to the ETI Interest on the Exchange; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
ETI Interest on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, the Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or value 
in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value or price as of the 
Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, the Valuation Date 
for each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each ETI Interest affected (each 
an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive

--- Page 617 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
617 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant price or value using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price 
determined using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions; and 
"Valuation Time" means Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, in relation to each ETI Interest to be valued provided that if the relevant 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Interest Valuation Time or the 
Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
8. 
Market Disruption (ETI Shares) 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Notes relating to a single ETI Interest or a 
Basket of ETI Interests, in respect of an ETI Interest, the occurrence or existence of (a) a 
Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (c) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
9. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events (ETI Shares) 
9.1 
Potential Adjustment Events (ETI Shares) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETI Interests (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such ETI Interests 
to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETI Interests of (i) 
such ETI Interests or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment 
of dividends and/or proceeds of liquidation of the ETI equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such ETI Interests or (iii) share capital or other securities 
of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETI, as a result of a 
spin-off or other similar transaction or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants 
or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by an ETI in respect of relevant ETI Interests that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the ETI or its subsidiaries of relevant ETI Interests whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of an ETI, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of such ETI, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution 
of preferred stock, certificates, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any

--- Page 618 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
618 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any 
redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment 
Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, 
the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on 
the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting 
or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) 
and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The Calculation Agent may, but need 
not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to (i) the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the ETI Interests traded 
on that options exchange and (ii) any adjustment(s) made by the ETI Manager to the ETI 
Interest. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the adjustment to any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the 
Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
9.2 
Extraordinary Events (ETI Shares) 
(a) 
The occurrence of any Delisting, ETI Currency Change, ETI Modification, ETI Reclassification, 
ETI Redemption or Subscription Event, ETI Regulatory Action, ETI Reporting Event, ETI 
Strategy Breach, ETI Termination, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation or, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or 
Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
as the case may be, shall be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of 
which are set forth in ETI Linked Condition 9.2(b) (Consequences of an Extraordinary Event) 
below: 
"Delisting" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interest, the Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such ETI Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (a) where the Exchange is 
located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or (b) a 
comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, 
where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"ETI Currency Change" means that the net asset value of the ETI is quoted in a different 
currency to that quoted as of the Trade Date of the Notes. 
"ETI Modification" means any change or modification of the ETI Documents that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent could reasonably be expected to affect the value of the

--- Page 619 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
619 
ETI Interests or the rights of or remedies available to any holders thereof on the Trade Date of 
the Notes. 
"ETI Reclassification" means (a) the occurrence of the reclassification of the ETI Interests or 
(b)(i) proposal for or (b) the occurrence of the acquisition of the ETI by, or the aggregation of 
the ETI into, another fund the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of which the Calculation 
Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of the ETI 
as compared to the Trade Date of the Notes (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs). 
"ETI Redemption or Subscription Event" means (i) the suspension of any transfer of any ETI 
Interests, (ii) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the ETI 
Interests, (iii) the non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption order in respect of 
the ETI Interests, or (iv) the introduction or proposed introduction of subscription or redemption 
fees or an increase of such fees with respect to the ETI Interests in excess of those in effect as 
of the Trade Date of the Notes. 
"ETI Regulatory Action" means (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
registration or approval of the ETI or the ETI Interests by any governmental, legal or regulatory 
entity with authority over the ETI or the ETI Interests, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting 
or regulatory treatments of the ETI, any ETI Manager or the ETI Interests that the Calculation 
Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the 
ETI or the holders of the ETI Interests or on the value of the ETI Interests, or (iii) the ETI or its 
ETI Manager becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any activities relating to or resulting from 
the operation of the ETI, (including, without limitation, any future, announced or implemented 
material change to any one or more exemptive orders, no action letters or interpretative 
guidance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including guidance 
issued by the SEC's staff, relating to the ETI or to exchange traded funds generally that affects 
holders of the ETI Interests, whether occurring through action of the SEC or otherwise, including 
as a result of a court order or executive order) that the Calculation Agent determines has or is 
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of the 
ETI Interests, or the operation of the ETI in accordance with the terms of the ETI Documents 
or (iv) the issuance by the SEC of an order to suspend the redemption obligations of the ETI, 
to freeze assets of the ETI or to take any other action that the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of the ETI. 
"ETI Reporting Event" means, the occurrence of any event affecting the ETI that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of the ETI, and such event continues for at 
least five consecutive Exchange Business Days. 
"ETI Strategy Breach" means any change to, breach or violation, intentional or otherwise, of 
the ETI Strategy that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETI Interest or the rights of 
or remedies available to any holders thereof. 
"ETI Termination" means the cessation or unwinding, by the ETI Manager, of the legal 
arrangements which gave rise to the ETI. 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, that, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, falling after the Issue Date 
(the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices in respect 
of an ETI Interest during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (based on an arithmetic 
mean average over the Relevant Period), and/or (b) the arithmetic mean average purchase 
price or the arithmetic mean average selling price, determined by the Calculation Agent from 
the order book of the relevant ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period, 
in relation to the purchase or sale of ETI Interests with a value equal to or greater than EUR 
10,000.00, is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of ETI Interests) or

--- Page 620 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
620 
lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. (in relation to a sale of ETI Interests).  For these purposes, 
"MID" means an amount equal to (i) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each case for 
the relevant ETI Interest at the relevant time, (ii) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the ETI (a) all 
the ETI Interests of such ETI are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (b) holders of the ETI Interests of such ETI become legally prohibited from 
transferring such ETI Interests. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interests, that such ETI Interests cease 
(or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant 
market of the Exchange on which such ETI Interests were listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interests, that the listing of such 
ETI Interests on the Exchange has been suspended. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interests, any: 
(a) 
reclassification or change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another 
entity or person, 
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the ETI, as the case 
may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange in which such ETI is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETI Interests outstanding), 
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETI 
Interests of such ETI that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all such ETI Interests (other than such ETI Interests owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person), or 
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the ETI or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such ETI is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETI Interests 
outstanding but results in the outstanding ETI Interests (other than ETI Interests owned 
or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests immediately 
following such event, 
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (i) in the case of 
Cash Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Security or (ii) in the 
case of Physical Delivery Notes, the Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the ETI Interests or all or substantially all the assets of the ETI 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the ETI, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(b) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event

--- Page 621 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
621 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to an ETI Interest, the Issuer may take the action 
described in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) (if applicable), (v) or, in the case of Notes relating to a Basket of 
ETI Interests only, (vi) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or 
to the Notes.  The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary 
Event made by any options exchange to options on the ETI Interests traded on that 
options exchange.  In addition, in relation to a Basket of ETI Interests, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust the Basket of ETI Interests in accordance with the provisions of 
subparagraph (v) below; 
(ii) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, redeem the Notes 
in part by giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may be.  If the Notes are so 
redeemed in part the portion (the "Redeemed Amount") of each Note, representing 
the affected ETI Interest(s) shall be redeemed and the Issuer will: 
(A) 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal 
to the fair market value of the Redeemed Amount taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; and 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for such redemption in part. 
For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Note after such redemption and 
adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force and effect.  Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, as the case may 
be; 
(iii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be, redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into 
account the relevant Extraordinary Event, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law

--- Page 622 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
622 
Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes, 
as the case may be; or 
(iv) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the fair market value of each Note, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount") as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity 
Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to (x) the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount plus interest accrued from and 
including the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or 
(y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms); 
(v) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI Interests traded 
on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall 
select (the "Options Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a 
corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made 
by the Options Exchange.  If options on the ETI Interests are not traded on the Options 
Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, 
with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to 
account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if 
such options were so traded; or 
(vi) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust the Basket of ETI Interests to include an ETI Interest selected by it in accordance 
with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below (each, a "Substitute ETI 
Interest") for each ETI Interest (each, an "Affected ETI Interest") of each ETI (each, 
an "Affected ETI") which is affected by such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute 
ETI Interest will be deemed to be an "ETI Interest" and the relevant issuer of such 
Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event 
that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to the 
Initial Price of the Affected ETI Interest, the Initial Price of each Substitute ETI Interest 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date;

--- Page 623 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
623 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of ETI Interests will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must 
satisfy the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(a) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, 
the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the 
entity or person (other than the Affected ETI Interest) that in the case of a 
Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event or in the 
case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) 
the relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the Basket of ETI 
Interests and (ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is 
promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, 
where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any member 
state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(b) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer 
and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in 
paragraph (i) above, but such share/unit/interest is already included in the 
Basket of ETI Interests, or (b) where the Extraordinary Event is not a Merger 
Event or a Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the 
relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a comparable listing (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the exchange or 
quotation system in the same geographic region), investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes, underlying asset pools and 
whose related parties (such as, but not limited to, trustee, general partner, 
sponsor, advisor, manager, operating company, custodian, prime broker and 
depository) are acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Event occurs in respect 
of ETI, which are not connected and have different consequences pursuant to this ETI Linked 
Condition 9.2(b), the Calculation Agent will determine which such Extraordinary Event and 
related consequences shall apply acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof as soon as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be,  stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 624 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
624 
10. 
Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional Disruption Events (ETI Shares) 
10.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs in 
relation to an ETI Interest, the Issuer may take the action described in (a), (b) or if applicable 
(c) or, in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of ETI Interests only, (d) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which amount 
shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from and 
including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or 
(y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms); or 
(d) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of ETI Interests, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust the Basket of ETI Interests to include an ETI Interest selected by it in accordance 
with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below (each a "Substitute ETI 
Interest") for each ETI Interest (each an "Affected ETI Interest") which is affected by 
the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the 
case may be, and the Substitute ETI Interest will be deemed to be an "ETI Interest" 
and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes of the 
Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good

--- Page 625 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
625 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that 
in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by 
reference to the Initial Price of the Affected ETI Interest, the Initial Price of each 
Substitute ETI Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Initial Price = A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the 
relevant Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the 
relevant Exchange on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of ETI Interests 
will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent 
(the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, 
but need not, be the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of 
the relevant Affected ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant 
share/unit/interest must be a share/unit/interest which, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of ETI Interests; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share/unit/interest belongs to the same 
economic sector as the ETI in respect of the Affected ETI Interest; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share/unit/interest has a comparable 
market capitalisation, international standing and exposure as the ETI 
in respect of the Affected ETI Interest. 
10.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above 
provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence 
of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may 
be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
11. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price (ETI Shares) 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Notes calculated by reference to the 
value of an ETI Interest, if the price of the relevant ETI Interest published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the 
number of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the original publication, the price 
to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected.  Corrections published 
after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery under 
the Notes calculated by reference to the value of an ETI Interest will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid or delivered.

--- Page 626 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
626 
12. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
12.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to 
be subject to a Knock-in Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in 
Event. 
12.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to 
be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out 
Event. 
12.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time the price of the ETI Interest triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price of the ETI Interest as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-
out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation 
Date". 
12.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time 
during the one hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the price of the ETI Interest 
triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption 
or Early Closure occurs or exists, then, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out 
Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the price of the ETI Interest as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation 
Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date".  
12.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
(in the case of a single ETI Interest) that the price of the ETI Interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of an ETI Basket) that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each ETI Interest as the product of (x) 
the price of such ETI Interest as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-in 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is,

--- Page 627 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
627 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) 
on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in ETI Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption); 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
(in the case of a single ETI Interest) that the price of the ETI Interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of an ETI Basket) that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each ETI Interest as the product of (x) 
the price of such ETI Interest as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-out 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 628 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
628 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in ETI Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption); and 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; and 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
13. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
(a) 
Unless paragraph (c) below applies, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
(ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes 
will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may 
only occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only 
occur on an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Period. 
(c) 
If the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes and "Automatic Early Redemption" and "SPS 
Accumulator AER Payout" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but 
not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date and the Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes by delivery of the AER Entitlement, subject as provided in Condition 4(b) 
(Physical Delivery). If the date for delivery of any AER Entitlement in respect of the 
Notes is not a Settlement Business Day, the relevant Noteholder thereof shall not be 
entitled to delivery of the AER Entitlement until the next following Settlement Business 
Day. If this paragraph (c) applies, the provisions of (i)(A) General Conditions 3(m), 4 
and 17(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or (B) General 
Conditions 3(l), 4 and 15(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes and 
(ii) ETI Linked Conditions 3, 6, 9 and 10 shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references 
in such provisions to "Entitlement" or "Entitlements" were to "AER Entitlement" and 
"AER Entitlements", respectively. 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the ETI Interest or each ETI Interest comprising the 
Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the ETI Interest or each ETI Interest comprising the 
Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Entitlement" means the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the 
case may be, which a Holder is entitled to receive on the Automatic Early Redemption Date in 
respect of each Note following payment of any sums payable (including Expenses as defined 
in General Condition 4(b)(A)(3) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or

--- Page 629 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
629 
General Condition 4(b)A(3) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) rounded 
down as provided in General Condition 4(b)(A)(4) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or General Condition 4(b)A(4) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such AER 
Entitlement plus a cash amount (as provided herein) which amount of Relevant Asset(s) and 
cash will be the Automatic Early Entitlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage 
and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of 
the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, 
provided that no additional amount shall be payable to Noteholders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the ETI Price 1 is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) 
"greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the ETI Price 2 is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, 
(aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price 2 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); or 
(c) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Price as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date.

--- Page 630 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
 
630 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price 1" means the price, level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price 2" means the price, level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 
Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day 
is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in 
the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date".  For the 
purpose of ETI Linked Condition 2, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer 
to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the ETI Price 1 in respect of such AER 
Event 1 Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the ETI Price 2 in respect of such AER 
Event 2 Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
"ETI Price 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, the price of the 
relevant AER Event 1 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
"ETI Price 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, the price of the 
relevant AER Event 2 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10  specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 631 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
631 
ANNEX 9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Disruption Events ............................................................................................................... 631 
2. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event ................................................................................. 631 
3. 
Settlement Price ................................................................................................................. 633 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event ................................................................................ 633 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event ................................................................................... 635 
6. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event .................................................................................................................................. 637 
7. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 638 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (the "General Conditions") and the additional 
Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions"), in 
each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions, the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Disruption Events 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the occurrence of any of the following 
events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be 
a Disruption Event: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(d) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or 
(c);or 
(e) 
any other event specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the Disrupted Day 
would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
2. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price 
Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published by the Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(a) 
apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the consequences of the 
Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative 
basis for determining the Settlement Price in respect of a Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day 
that is an Averaging Date or a Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the 
Price Source).  The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either 
(i), (ii) or (iii) below.

--- Page 632 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
632 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the 
Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of any 
Settlement Price Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date that is not the Strike Date) unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day in which case 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date or Settlement Price 
Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
is already an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be) 
and may determine the Settlement Price by using commercially reasonable 
efforts to determine a level for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that 
in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not 
the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 
11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such 
Note, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  Payment shall 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not 
the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
(x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus interest 
accrued from and including the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal 
to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or(y) if Principal Protected Termination 
Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if 
greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); and/or 
(b) 
notwithstanding any provisions in the Conditions to the contrary, postpone any payment 
date related to such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be provided or announced 
by the Price Source), as the case may be (including, if applicable, the Maturity Date)

--- Page 633 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
633 
until the Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting and no interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such 
postponement. 
3. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency and a Settlement Price Date and 
subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 2 above an 
amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Valuation Time on such Settlement Price Date, or for the exchange of such Subject Currency 
into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency 
for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject 
Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), 
Provided That if the relevant rate of exchange is derived from two or more rates of exchange, 
the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent as provided above acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the basis of each such rate of 
exchange. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
4.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
4.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out 
Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
4.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event has occurred on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, then, unless Disruption Consequences 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms as not applicable, such Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event. 
4.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends 
at the time on which the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies trigger the Knock-in Level or 
the Knock-out Level, a Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless Disruption 
Consequences are specified in the applicable Final Terms as not applicable, the Knock-in Event 
or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
4.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 634 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
634 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the FX Coupon Performance determined by the Calculation Agent 
is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the Performance Value determined by the Calculation Agent is; or 
(c) 
if both SPS Knock-in Valuation and FX Knock-in Valuation are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, that the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Subject Currency 
as the product of (x) the value of such Subject Currency as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" 
the Knock in Level, or (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. "Knock-in Level" means the 
FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" means , in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock out Value is; or 
(b) 
if FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 635 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
635 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms is, that the FX Coupon Performance determined by the Calculation 
Agent is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the Performance Value determined by the Calculation Agent is; or 
(c) 
if both SPS Knock-out Valuation and FX Knock-out Valuation are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on 
any Knock-out Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, that the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Subject Currency 
as the product of (x) the value of such Subject Currency as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than 
or equal to" the Knock out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or 
value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Condition 2. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
Definitions

--- Page 636 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
636 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the Subject Currency or each Subject Currency/Base 
Currency comprising the Basket each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the Subject Currency or each Subject Currency/Base 
Currency comprising the Basket each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage 
and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of 
the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no 
Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"); 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the value of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the 
relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x) the value of such AER 
Event 1 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) 
"greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the value of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if 
AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
for each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x)

--- Page 637 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
637 
the value of such AER Event 2 Underlying as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant 
AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); 
(c) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the FX Coupon Performance determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is (i) equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 and (ii) less than or equal to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level 2; or 
(d) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the value, price, level or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the value, price, level or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the value, price, level or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or if that is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Disruption Event occurs 
on that day.  If a Disruption Event occurs on that day then the provisions of Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Settlement Price Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
6. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be.  If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to

--- Page 638 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
638 
each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market 
value of a Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or General Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be.  
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
maintaining the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant 
hedge positions of the Notes; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk and any other relevant price risk including but not 
limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign exchange risk 
and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such 
Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in

--- Page 639 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
639 
each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"FX Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such 
Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in 
each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Digital Level" means:  
(a) 
if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date 
specified for such Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Digital Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day, or if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following 
Currency Convention are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Knock-in Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in 
Observation Date specified for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment;

--- Page 640 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
640 
"FX Knock-out Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-out 
Observation Date specified for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed 
necessary by the Calculation Agent or Issuer to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one 
or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date (or, if 
different, the day on which rates for such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date would, in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such 
Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such day), in 
each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-in Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such 
Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention or Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in 
each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such 
Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention or Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in 
each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply;

--- Page 641 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
641 
"Knock-out Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention or Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention or Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or 
reporting the rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from 
which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Resettable Knock-in Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Resettable Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in 
the principal financial centres of the Base Currency and Subject Currency or Subject 
Currencies. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the 
case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 5 Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither 
Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as

--- Page 642 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
642 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions 
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) 
shall apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, or if such 
Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency 
Convention are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall 
apply. 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at 
which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is 
calculated.

--- Page 643 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
643 
ANNEX 10 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination ............................................................................. 643 
2. 
ISDA Determination ........................................................................................................... 643 
3. 
Screen Rate Determination ................................................................................................ 644 
4. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate ......................................................................... 645 
5. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate .................................................... 645 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event ................................................................................ 646 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event ................................................................................... 647 
8. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Accrual ...................................................................... 650 
9. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 651 
 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "General Conditions") and the additional Terms and 
Conditions set out below (the "Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Conditions and the Interest Rate Linked Conditions, the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Interest Rate or, if two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Each Underlying Interest Rate comprising a Multiple 
Underlying Interest Rate will be calculated separately and independently as provided below 
and in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the 
relevant Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Underlying Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the 
"ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is EURIBOR, in the 
event that EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as 
the financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for 
EURIBOR; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions, "Floating Rate", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 644 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
644 
3. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Underlying Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the 
"Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate") on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
(b) 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a)(i) above, no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) or, in the case of (a)(ii) above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information), in each case as at the Specified Time indicated 
above or in the applicable Final Terms, except as provided in paragraph (c) below, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Reference Rate at such time acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Underlying Interest Determination 
Date, that the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate has been discontinued, the Calculation 
Agent will use, as a substitute for the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, the alternative 
reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the 
currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative reference rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most appropriate to preserve the 
economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is 
unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable 
Underlying Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which is 
substantially comparable to the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, is available for the 
purpose of determining the Underlying Reference Rate on each Underlying Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after the date of such determination.  If the Underlying 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted successor 
rate, the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such 
successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Underlying Interest Rate. 
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
(such rate, the "Replacement Underlying Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining 
the Underlying Reference Rate on each Underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or 
after such determination: 
(i) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the Underlying Interest

--- Page 645 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
645 
Determination Date and any method for obtaining the Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page Underlying Reference 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that 
is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
references to the Underlying Reference Rate in these Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Conditions will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and 
the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and General Condition 11 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be and the 
Calculation Agent of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the details 
described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 
5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest 
Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later 
date that the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to 
the Underlying Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in 
which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint an Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the 
purpose of confirming the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this 
paragraph (c). If the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, then the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate 
will remain unchanged. 
The Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer 
or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant rate as 
appointed by the Calculation Agent; (ii) the Issuer; or (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined which, if the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Business Day 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be deemed to be Scheduled Trading 
Day for the purposes of determining whether such day is a Hybrid Business Day (the 
"Underlying Interest Determination Date"), determine the Underlying Reference Rate 
(subject to any Minimum Underlying Reference Rate or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms).  The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying 
Agent of the Underlying Reference Rate as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
5. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event 
that the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum

--- Page 646 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
646 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the 
event that the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is greater than such 
Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate. 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
6.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
6.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out 
Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
6.3 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or each Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying Reference 
Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time 
on any Knock-in Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Interest Rate as the product of (x) the Underlying Reference Rate 
as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) 
the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A)(a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level; or (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Date or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the level specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 647 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
647 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or each Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying Interest 
Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time 
on any Knock-out Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying 
Interest Rate as the product of (x) such Underlying Interest Rate as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the 
relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Condition 1 and Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Condition 2 above. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation

--- Page 648 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
648 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
Definitions 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" mean the Underlying Reference or each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" mean the Underlying Reference or each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage 
and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of 
the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means (i) if Target Automatic Early Redemption, FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption or FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Date immediately following 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, or, otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be 
entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Cumulative Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage; 
(b) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the Underlying Reference Level is (i) equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 and (ii) less than or equal to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level 2; 
(c) 
if FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, 
in each case in respect of the Current Interest Period is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
(d) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption and SPS AER Valuation are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms that: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"); 
(e) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: and SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms

--- Page 649 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
649 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 1 or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, 
(aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"; and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 2 or (B) if AER 
Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Basket Price 2 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2"); or 
(f) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the amount, price, percentage or level specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the amount, price, percentage or level 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the amount, price, percentage or level 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 
Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next following 
Business Day. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Condition 7, the Basket of Underlying Interest Rates to which the value of the relevant 
Notes relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 1 of 
such AER Event 1 Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant 
Weighting. 
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 2 of 
such AER Event 2 Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant 
Weighting.

--- Page 650 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
650 
"Cumulative Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
(a) the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest 
Period as the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period plus (b) the product of (i) the Rate 
of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each 
case for the Current Interest Period; 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" means the value calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
"SPS AER Value 1" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Condition 7, each Underlying Interest Rate to which the relevant Notes relate. If two or more 
Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying 
Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple 
Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but for the 
purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions shall be deemed to together 
constitute an Underlying Reference. 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, (i) in the case of an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, 
or (ii) if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value, in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference Level 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference Level 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date. 
8. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Accrual 
Notwithstanding General Condition 3(m) (in the case of English Law Notes) or General 
Condition 3(l) (in the case of French Law Notes), if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption 
and Accrual to Automatic Early Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, interest will cease to accrue on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing(i)×Multiple Underlying Reference Rate(i)
n
i=1

--- Page 651 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
651 
9. 
Definitions 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 652 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
652 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes by 
BNPP will be applied for the general financing purposes of BNPP unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  Such proceeds may be used to maintain positions in options or futures contracts 
or other hedging instruments. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that BNPP intends to apply the net proceeds from each issue 
of Notes to Eligible Green Assets, as further defined in BNPP's green bond framework, as may be 
updated, amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Green Bond Framework"), which is 
available on BNPP's website: https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/green-bond-framework-october-
2021 (or such other website specified in the applicable Final Terms). For this purpose, the term "Green 
Bonds" means any Notes issued by BNPP in accordance with its Green Bond Framework. 
In relation to Green Bonds, BNPP's Green Bond Framework is in line with the Green Bond Principles 
published by the International Capital Markets Association (as they may be further updated). 
The Green Bond Framework, Second Party Opinion and Independent Assurance Review report are 
available 
on 
BNP 
Paribas' 
Investors' 
website: 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/search/debt/documents/documentation-on-programs-and-issues.

--- Page 653 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP INDICES 
 
653 
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP INDICES 
In the case of Index Linked Notes linked to a Custom Index, the Notes will be linked to the performance 
of an index that is composed by BNPP or any other legal entity within the BNPP group (each a "BNPP 
Index" and collectively, the "BNPP Indices"). Each BNPP Index is included in one of fifteen index 
families (each an "Index Family"). The objective of each BNPP Index comprised in an Index Family is 
to provide synthetic exposure to the performance of a notional basket of equities, fund shares, FX rates, 
bond rates, money market rates, indices (including other proprietary indices), commodities, ETIs or 
other component types, in accordance with the objective of the relevant BNPP Index, as described in 
the rules governing such BNPP Index (the "Index Rules"). The Index Families are as follows: 
1. 
Equity Family 
2. 
Buy Write Family 
3. 
Commodity Family 
4. 
Credit Family 
5. 
EU Paris Aligned Family 
6. 
Fixed Exposure Family 
7. 
FX Hedged Family 
8. 
Interest Rate Family 
9. 
Liberty Family 
10. 
Millenium Family 
11. 
Mutual Fund Family 
12. 
Risk Control Family 
13. 
Variance Family 
14. 
Volatility Family 
15. 
Flex Family 
For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the BNPP Indices, BNP Paribas SA, is included in ESMA's 
register of administrators pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. BNPP Indices in 
each of the Index Families specified above may be specified as an Underlying Reference in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The methodology (the "Index Methodology") and the Index Rules in respect of each BNPP Index 
specified as an Underlying Reference in the applicable Final Terms will be available via 
https://indx.bnpparibas.com/nr/<CinergyCode>.pdf. The Cinergy Code and the specific website on 
which the Index Methodology and the Index Rules will be made available in respect of the relevant 
BNPP Index will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 654 ---
CONNECTED THIRD PARTY INDICES 
 
654 
CONNECTED THIRD PARTY INDICES 
In respect of any Index which is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Connected Third Party 
Index: 
(a) 
the complete rules governing such Index and information about its performance are freely 
accessible on the relevant Issuer's or the relevant index provider's website; and 
(b) 
the governing rules of such Index (including the methodology for the selection and re-balancing 
of the components of the Index, description of market disruption events and adjustment rules 
(if any)) are based on pre-determined and objective criteria. 
Where: 
"Connected Third Party Index" means any Index provided by a legal entity or natural person acting in 
association with, or on behalf of, the Issuer and is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 655 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
655 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Subject as provided below in relation to French Law Notes, the Notes of each Series will be in either 
bearer form, with or without interest Coupons attached, or registered form, without Coupons attached. 
Notes will be issued only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent Bearer 
global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note", and together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, 
each a "Bearer Global Note") which will (i) if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in 
new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) or to a sub-custodian nominated by the HKMA as operator of the CMU (in the case of 
Notes to be cleared through the CMU), and (ii) if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) or received by the CMU Lodging Agent (in the case of Notes cleared through 
the CMU). 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same 
Series or (ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain United States persons will not be able 
to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is held by or on behalf of the HKMA as operator of the 
CMU, the CMU may require that exchange for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note is made 
in whole but not in part and, in such event, no such exchange will be effected until all persons appearing 
in the records of the CMU as entitled to an interest in the Temporary Bearer Global Note have been so 
certified. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as

--- Page 656 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
656 
the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
"Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or the CMU (in the case of Notes cleared through the CMU) have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) or any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note may give notice to the 
CMU Lodging Agent (in the case of Notes cleared through the CMU) requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent or the CMU Lodging Agent, as the case may be, requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent or the CMU Lodging Agent, as the case may be. If the 
Bearer Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange be entered pro 
rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
In the event that the Permanent Bearer Global Note is exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes, such 
definitive Bearer Notes shall be issued in the minimum Specified Denomination only. Noteholders who 
hold Notes in the relevant clearing system in amounts that are not integral multiples of the Specified 
Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a principal amount of 
Notes such that their holding is an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes, 
receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of such Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU, as the 
case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is 
issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the 
Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code 
and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which 
shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold 
to non-U.S. persons outside the United States only, will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form, without Receipts or Coupons, (a "Registered Global Note") which will be deposited

--- Page 657 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
657 
with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) or deposited with a sub-custodian nominated by the HKMA as operator of the CMU and 
registered in the name of the HKMA in its capacity as operator of the CMU (in the case of Notes cleared 
through the CMU). The Registered Notes that are Canadian Notes will be represented on issue by a 
global note which will be deposited on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche with and 
registered in the name of CDS or a nominee of CDS. Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of the Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered 
Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as 
otherwise provided in Condition 1(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and such 
Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case 
may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in 
fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes) as the registered holder of the 
Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes) 
immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or the 
CMU (in the case of Notes cleared through the CMU) have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor 
clearing system is available, (iii) in the case of Canadian Notes (A) CDS has notified the Issuer that it 
is unwilling or unable to continue to act as a depository for the Notes and a successor depository is not 
appointed by the Issuer within 90 working days after receiving such notice or (B) CDS ceases to be a 
recognised clearing agency under the Securities Act (Ontario) or a self-regulatory organisation under 
the Securities Act (Québec) or other applicable Canadian securities legislation and no successor 
clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer is available within 90 working days after the Issuer becoming 
aware that CDS is no longer so recognised or (iv) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note 
in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the CMU or CDS or its 
nominee (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may 
give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
CMU or CDS, in each case to the extent applicable. 
French Law Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, French Law Notes will be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a

--- Page 658 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
658 
Euroclear France Account Holder or in fully registered form (nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in 
the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent designated in the 
relevant Final Terms, all as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
Applicable Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms. 
The Final Terms will contain the information items permitted under Article 8.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or by the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 659 ---
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
 
659 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
1. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for participating organisations 
and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective 
participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of such participants. Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide to their respective participants, among other things, 
services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants are financial institutions throughout the world, including underwriters, securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other 
organisations. Indirect access to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is also available to 
others who clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participant, either directly or indirectly. 
2. 
Euroclear France 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France. 
Euroclear France is a French corporation (société anonyme) whose articles of incorporation 
and by-laws are subject to the approval of the French Minister of Finance. As specified in the 
order of 4 August 1949 its purpose is to facilitate the circulation of securities (valeurs mobilières) 
including notes among member institutions via book-entry transfers. Therefore, Euroclear 
France operates the clearing for securities on a delivery/payment basis. 
Approved financial intermediaries (i.e. credit institutions and sociétés de bourse) and other 
clearing systems (including, directly or indirectly, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) are 
affiliated member institutions of Euroclear France. 
3. 
Euroclear Safekeeper 
In respect of Bearer Notes which are NGNs, the Global Note will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
4. 
Central Moneymarkets Unit ("CMU") 
The CMU is the book-entry clearing system operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority 
("HKMA"), the government authority in Hong Kong with responsibility for maintaining currency 
and banking stability. The CMU comprises computerised clearing, settlement and custodian 
facilities for bills, notes, and bonds issued by the government of the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region, and debt securities issued by both public and private sector entities.  
The CMU offers the services including real time and end-of day delivery against payment for 
all CMU securities denominated in Hong Kong dollar, US dollars, Euros and CNY, and cross-
border delivery against payment settlement via regional central securities depositories 
("CSDs") and international central securities depositories ("ISCDs") such as Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
5. 
CDS  
CDS was formed in November 2006 pursuant to the restructuring of The Canadian Depository 
for Securities Limited ("CDS Ltd."). CDS is wholly owned by CDS Ltd. CDS Ltd. was 
incorporated in 1970 and remains the holding company for CDS and two other operating 
subsidiaries and is Canada's national securities clearing and depository services organisation. 
CDS Ltd. is wholly owned by TMX Group Limited.  
Functioning as a service utility for the Canadian financial community, CDS provides a variety 
of computer automated services for financial institutions and investment dealers active in 
domestic and international capital markets. CDS participants ("CDS Participants") include 
banks (including the Canadian Subcustodians (defined below)), investment dealers and trust 
companies and may include the Dealers or affiliates of the Dealers. Indirect access to CDS is 
available to other organisations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a 
CDS Participant. Transfer of ownership and other interests, including cash distributions, in 
Notes in CDS may only be processed through CDS Participants and will be completed in 
accordance with existing CDS rules and procedures. CDS operates in Montreal, Toronto,

--- Page 660 ---
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
 
660 
Calgary and Vancouver to centralise securities clearing functions through a central securities 
depository.  
CDS is the exclusive clearing house for equity trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange and also 
clears a substantial volume of over the counter trading in equities and bonds. The address for 
CDS is 100 Adelaide Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5H 1S3.  
Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
Initial settlement for Notes settling in CDS will be made in immediately available Canadian dollar 
funds. Such Notes will be held by CDS & Co., as nominee of CDS. Beneficial interests in the 
Global Note will be represented through book-entry accounts of financial institutions acting on 
behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in CDS. If the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that the Notes may clear in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
may elect to hold interests in the Global Note directly through any of CDS (in Canada) or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (in Europe) if they are participants of such systems, or 
indirectly through organisations which are participants in such systems. Links have been 
established among CDS, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate issuance of 
Notes and cross-market transfers of Notes associated with secondary market trading. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their participants 
through customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their 
respective Canadian subcustodians, each of which is a Canadian Schedule 1 chartered bank 
("Canadian Subcustodians"), which in turn will hold such interests in customers' securities 
accounts in the names of the Canadian Subcustodians on the books of CDS. CDS will be 
directly linked to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg through the CDS accounts of their 
respective Canadian Subcustodians. 
Secondary market trading between CDS Participants will be in accordance with market 
conventions applicable to transactions in book-based Canadian domestic bonds. Secondary 
market trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants will occur in 
the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to 
conventional Eurobonds in immediately available funds.  
Transfer between CDS and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through CDS 
Participants, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear participants or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participants, on the other, will be effected in CDS in accordance with 
CDS rules; however, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to the 
relevant clearing system by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and 
procedures and within its established deadlines. The relevant clearing system will, if the 
transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to CDS directly or through 
its Canadian Subcustodian to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or 
receiving Notes in CDS, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal 
procedures for settlement in CDS. Euroclear participants and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants may not deliver instructions directly to CDS or the Canadian Subcustodians. 
Because of time-zone differences, credits of Notes received in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as a result of a transaction with a CDS Participant will be made during subsequent 
securities settlement processing and dated the business day following the CDS settlement date. 
Such credits or any transactions in such Notes settled during such processing will be reported 
to the relevant Euroclear participants or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants on such 
business day. Cash received in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as a result of sales of 
Notes by or through a Euroclear participant or a Clearstream, Luxembourg participant to a CDS 
Participant will be received with value on the CDS settlement date but will be available in the 
relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg cash account only as of the business day 
following settlement in CDS.

--- Page 661 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
661 
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to the 
jurisdiction(s) in which a key information document will be made available,][T]/[t]he Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently [, save as provided above,] no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Unless a key information document will be 
made available,] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MiFID II product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] 
professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") [,] [and] 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation

--- Page 662 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
662 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA")]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]1. 
[The Base Prospectus expires on 1 July 2023 [and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus 
will be updated before expiry]. The updated base prospectus will be available on [https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx].]2 
Final Terms dated [] 
BNP PARIBAS 
(incorporated in France) 
(the Issuer) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): R0MUWSFPU8MPRO8K5P83 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
ISIN Code: [] 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the Programme) 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do [so: 
(a) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 73 of Part A below, provided 
such person is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) 
and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any 
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise]3 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] [Section 85 of 
the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation] [or] [Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation], in each case, in relation to such 
offer.  
[Neither] the Issuer [nor] any Dealer has authorised, [n]or [do they] authorise[s], the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances.]4 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to 
below is published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated 
base prospectus as the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the 
arrangements applied to the original publication of these Final Terms.] 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included only (i) if the Notes are being offered to investors in the United Kingdom and (ii) following 
completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"). 
2  
Include in respect of issues of Notes for which the public offer period spans an update to the Base Prospectus or the 
Issue Date occurs after an update to the Base Prospectus, where the public offer period concludes prior to the update 
to the Base Prospectus. 
3  
Include this wording where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated. 
4  
Do not include if "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and the 
related selling restrictions apply in all jurisdictions at all times.

--- Page 663 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
663 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] 
/ ["Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] / [, "Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/"Annex 4 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation Linked Notes"/"Annex 5 – Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 7 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Linked Notes"/"Annex 9 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 10 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"] in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2022 which received approval n° 22-263 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") on 1 July 2022 [and [the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published 
and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described 
below) (the "Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and 
approved after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the 
Notes such changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these 
Final Terms relate)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus to obtain all relevant information. 
[A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] [The Base Prospectus [[and][,] any 
Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms]5 [is/are] available for viewing at 
[address] 
[and] 
[www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx] and copies may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.]] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. N.B. when using a post – 1 July 2012 approved 
Base Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a previously approved Base Prospectus, the final terms 
in the post – 1 July 2012 Base Prospectus may (and will if the previous issue was contemplated under 
a pre - 1 July 2012 Base Prospectus) take a different form to the Final Terms used for the original issue 
being tapped.  The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they 
would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include information which is no longer 
permitted in final terms.  Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need to include 
such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus 
(incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] 
/ ["Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] / [and "Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/"Annex 4 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation Linked Notes"/" Annex 5 – Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 7 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Linked Notes"/" Annex 9 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 10 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"] in the 
Base Prospectus dated [original date][[,][and] [the][each] Supplement[s] to it published and approved 
on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) (the 
"Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and approved after 
the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the Notes such 
changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final Terms 
relate)] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2022 which received 
approval n° 22-263 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") on 1 July 2022 [and any 
Supplement[s] thereto] to obtain all the relevant information, which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the 
                                                     
5  
Include in respect of issues of Notes that are listed.

--- Page 664 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
664 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] [The Base Prospectus 
[[and][,] any Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms]6 [is/are] available 
for 
viewing 
at 
[address] 
[and] 
[www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx] and copies may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.]] 
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes where (a) the public offer period 
spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus or (b) where the 
public offer period concludes prior to the publication of a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an 
update to the Base Prospectus, but the Issue Date of the Notes occurs after such publication. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] 
/ ["Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] / [and "Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/"Annex 4 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation Linked Notes"/" Annex 5 – Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 7 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Linked Notes"/" Annex 9 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 10 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"] in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2022 which received approval n° 22-263 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") on 1 July 2022 [,][and] [the] [each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published 
and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described 
below)] notwithstanding the publication and approval of any [other] Supplement to the 2022 Base 
Prospectus (each a "2022 Future Supplement") which may have been published and approved after 
the date of these Final Terms and before the issue of the Notes to which these Final Terms relate] 
([together, ]the "2022 Base Prospectus") [and/or] [an updated Base Prospectus (and any 
Supplement(s) thereto, each a "2023 Future Supplement"), which will replace the 2022 Base 
Prospectus (the "2023 Base Prospectus")] (the date of any such publication and approval, each a 
"Publication Date"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and [(i) prior to any Publication Date, must be read in 
conjunction with the 2022 Base Prospectus or (ii)] [on and after any Publication Date, must be read in 
conjunction with [the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, by any 2023 Future Supplement as at 
such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2023 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2023 Future 
Supplement as at such date], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2022 Base 
Prospectus, to obtain all the relevant information.  The 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented 
constitutes[, and the 2023 Base Prospectus will constitute,] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  [The Issuer has in the 2022 Base Prospectus given consent to the use of the 
2022 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Notes. Such consent will be valid until the 
date that is twelve months following the date of the 2022 Base Prospectus. The Issuer will in the 2023 
Base Prospectus give consent to the use of the 2023 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of 
the Notes.]. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]  [The 2022 Base Prospectus 
[[and][,] any Supplement(s) to the 2022 Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms]7 [is/are] 
available [and the 2023 Base Prospectus will be available] for viewing at [address] [and] 
[www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx] and copies may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may 
change where individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs are removed.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
                                                     
6  
Include in respect of issues of Notes that are listed. 
7  
Include in respect of issues of Notes that are listed.

--- Page 665 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
665 
1. 
Issuer: 
BNP Paribas 
2. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Series Number: 
[] 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[[AUD/CAD/CHF/EUR/GBP/JPY/NZD/USD] 
as 
defined in the definition of "Relevant Currency" in 
Condition 4 (Payments, Physical Delivery and 
Exchange of Talons)]/[specify currency] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
Series: 
[] 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount]/[[specify currency amount] per Calculation 
Amount][plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6. 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify]8 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[AUD/CAD/CHF/EUR/GBP/JPY/NZD/USD/specify 
currency]  
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
(In respect of French Law Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.) 
(Senior Non Preferred Notes will be issued with a 
minimum denomination of €50,000.)9 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  
If more than one denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
                                                     
8  
The Minimum Trading Size should be a currency amount, denominated in the same currency as the Notes. The 
Minimum Trading Size must be equal to or a multiple of the Specified Denomination (or if there is more than one 
Specified Denomination, the largest Specified Denomination). 
9  
Pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 
December 2020, Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier was amended to implement new 
Article 44 bis of the BRRD II and provide that any such debt securities issued as from 28 December 2020 shall be 
issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 50,000.

--- Page 666 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
666 
9. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] 
[subject as provided in Fund Linked Condition 5 
(include for Fund Linked Notes)]. [subject as provided 
in Annex 7 – Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes] (include for Credit Linked 
Notes)]. 
 
[Fixed Rate/Resettable – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]][(NB: The Maturity Date [should not 
be/may need to be not] less than one year after the 
Issue Date)] 
 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes, the minimum 
maturity will be five years] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
for Maturity Date: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding/None/Not 
applicable] 
10. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate 
per 
annum][[EURIBOR/BBSW/NIBOR/PRIBOR/STIBOR
/WIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/TONA] +/- [] 
per 
cent. 
Floating 
Rate][Resettable][Zero 
Coupon][Index 
Linked 
Interest][Share 
Linked 
Interest][Inflation Linked Interest][Commodity Linked 
Interest][Fund 
Linked 
Interest][ETI 
Linked 
Interest][Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest][Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest][Hybrid Linked Interest](further particulars 
specified below) 
 
[Non-interest bearing] 
12. 
Coupon Switch: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
[Coupon Switch Election: Applicable]/[Automatic 
Coupon Switch: Applicable]/[Target Switch Coupon: 
Applicable] 
[insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions]] 
Pre-Switch Coupon: 
[specify Interest Basis] – [Fixed Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS 
Variable Amount Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball 
Digital Coupon]/[Accrual Digital Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Cappuccino 
Coupon]/[Ratchet 
Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon]/[Nova 
Coupon]/[Sum 
Coupon]/[Transition 
Coupon]/[Option 
Max 
Coupon]/[FX Vanilla Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX 
Range Accrual Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Combination 
Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC 
Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI Digital Cap 
Coupon]/[FI 
Target 
Coupon]/[Duration 
Adjusted 
Coupon]]  (see items [specify] below) 
Post-Switch Coupon: 
[specify Interest Basis] – [Fixed Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS 
Variable Amount Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball 
Digital Coupon]/[Accrual Digital Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Cappuccino 
Coupon]/[Ratchet 
Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon]/[Nova 
Coupon]/[Sum

--- Page 667 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
667 
Coupon]/[Transition Coupon]/[Option Max Coupon] 
/[FX Vanilla Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX Range 
Accrual Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/[FI Digital 
Coupon]/[Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Combination 
Floater Coupon]/[PRDC Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor 
Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Cap 
Coupon]/[FI 
Target 
Coupon]/[Duration Adjusted Coupon]]  [Insert relevant 
provisions, replicating relevant prompts from items 
22-37, as applicable, below] 
Additional Switch Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify]/[Calculation Amount x []%]] 
Coupon Switch Date(s): 
[specify] 
13. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par][[specify] per cent. of nominal 
amount][Index Linked Redemption][Share Linked 
Redemption][Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption][Commodity Linked Redemption][Fund 
Linked Redemption][Credit Linked Redemption][ETI 
Linked Redemption][Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption][Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption][Hybrid 
Linked 
Redemption][Partly 
Paid][Instalment] (See paragraph [] below) 
 
[Payout Switch: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[Payout Switch Election: Applicable] 
 
[Automatic Payout Switch: Applicable] 
 
[Target Switch Payout: Applicable] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions]  
14. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not applicable] 
15. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put][Issuer 
Call][(further particulars 
specified below)][Not applicable] 
16. 
Exchange Rate: 
[If applicable insert rate of exchange and details of 
how and when such rate is to be ascertained] 
17. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non Preferred Notes  
/ Subordinated] 
 [If the Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes insert: 
MREL/TLAC 
Criteria 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
[If the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes insert: 
Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator for Senior 
Preferred Notes: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
18. 
Knock-in Event:10 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
                                                     
10  
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes 
and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 668 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
668 
 
[specify]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]][Not applicable] 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in 
Range Level: 
[specify]/[FX Knock-in Level]/[Not applicable]  
[If FX Knock-in Level is applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions]. 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Convention:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Knock-in Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition []] 
Knock-in Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/ Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day]in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Day Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition []]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in Determination 
Day]/Not applicable] 
Knock-in Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
19. 
Knock-out Event:11 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level][Not applicable] 
Knock-out Level /Knock-
out Range Level: 
[specify]/[FX Knock-out Level]/[Not applicable]  
[If FX Knock-out Level is applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions]. 
                                                     
11  
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes 
and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 669 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
669 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Knock-out Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition []] 
Knock-out Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition []] [Any time on 
a Knock-out Determination Day]/[Valuation Time]/[Not 
applicable] 
Knock-out Observation 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
20. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
21. 
Hybrid Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
(a) 
The Notes are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a "Type of 
Underlying Reference") set out in the table 
below.  The terms and conditions of the Notes 
will be construed on the basis that in respect 
of each separate Type of Underlying 
Reference, the relevant terms applicable to 
each such separate Type of Underlying 
Reference will apply, as the context admits, 
separately and independently in respect of 
the relevant Type of Underlying Reference[, 
subject as provided in (b) below]. 
 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
 
Type of Underlying Reference 
 
[] 
[See item []] 
 
[] 
[See item []] 
 
[] 
[See item []] 
 
(b) 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which 
is a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the 
relevant Annex and completed in the 
applicable Final Terms) for each Type of

--- Page 670 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
670 
Underlying 
Reference 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each 
date for valuation (e.g. valuation date, 
averaging date, observation date etc.) which 
is the subject of the Hybrid Notes provisions 
should be expressed to be "[] or if that is not 
a Hybrid Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day"]] 
22. 
Tax Gross-Up: 
[[Condition 6(d) (No Gross-Up) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes / Condition 6(e) 
(No Gross-Up) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes] applicable]/[[ Condition 6(d) (No 
Gross-Up) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes / Condition 6(e) (No Gross-Up) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes] not 
applicable] 
 
[PRC Tax: Applicable]12 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
23. 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If the Notes are Fixed Rate, Resettable and Floating 
Rate Notes, complete prompts (i) to (xiii) accordingly) 
Interest Period(s): 
[specify] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / FRN / 
None / Not applicable] 
(A Business Day Convention must be specified where 
the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON 
or TONA) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] 
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / FRN / 
None / Not applicable] 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) 
is (are) expressed to be a number of Business Days 
after the relevant Interest Period End Final Date, 
Interest Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same 
Business Day Convention) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Principal Paying Agent/Calculation Agent] 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable / As per 
Conditions] 
                                                     
12  
Not applicable if the Notes are governed by French Law.

--- Page 671 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
671 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify] / [unadjusted] 
Determination Dates: 
[specify] in each year [insert regular payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.] (NB: Only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(Include for Credit Linked Notes where Accrual to 
Redemption is not applicable:) 
[Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event: Applicable] 
Rate of Interest: 
[Fixed Rate]  
 
[Resettable] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
[Linked Interest] 
Coupon Rate: (Include one 
or more of the following if 
applicable) 
[SPS Fixed Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions]] 
 
[SPS Variable Amount Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Accrual Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]  
 
[Stellar Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Cappuccino Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]  
 
[Ratchet Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]  
 
[Driver Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
[Sum Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]

--- Page 672 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
672 
[Option Max Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Nova Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Transition Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Vanilla Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Memory Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions] (If FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish in "Rate" below 
between the Rate which is FI Rate A and the Rate 
which is FI Rate B)]  
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]  
 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]   
 
[FI Target Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]]

--- Page 673 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
673 
 
[Duration Adjusted Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions]] 
[Rate: 
[[] per cent [per annum] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined, 
specify each such rate)] 
 
[Floating Rate – [Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[FBF Determination] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat sub-paragraphs of 27 and 28, as applicable, 
for each such rate)] 
 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
24. 
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Specify if more than one fixed rate is to be 
determined) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. [per annum] [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] on each Interest 
Payment Date 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/or] []. Insert particulars of 
any Initial or Final Broken Amounts of interest which 
do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
25. 
Resettable Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum payable [annually/ semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear][Reset Rate plus 
Initial Margin] 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate][Reference Bond Rate][CMT Rate] 
Initial Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
Initial Rate Determination 
Date: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
First Margin: 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[] [and []]/Not applicable] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 674 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
674 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate][Not 
applicable] 
 
[Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback: Applicable 
 
If applicable: Initial Mid-Swap Rate:[specify]] 
 
[Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
Applicable 
 
If applicable: 
 
Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate: [specify]] 
 
[Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
Applicable] 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[specify]/As defined in Condition 3(f)/Not applicable]  
(Specify the relevant rate if not EURIBOR) 
Reference Bond: 
[[]/Not applicable/As defined in Condition 3(f)] 
[If Reset Rate is Reference Bond Rate: 
[Dealer Quotations Reference Bond Rate]/[Screen 
Page Reference Bond Rate] (If Screen Page 
Reference Bond Rate, specify a Relevant Screen 
Page above and Relevant Time below) 
[If Initial Rate of Interest is Reset Rate – Reference 
Bond Rate: 
Initial Reference Bond Rate: [specify]]] 
Reset Determination Date: 
[] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
CMT Rate Maturity: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
Initial CMT Rate: 
[[specify]/Not applicable]  
(specify if Initial Rate of Interest is Reset Rate – CMT 
Rate) 
26. 
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to be 
determined) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
27. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable 
– 
[IBOR]/[BBSW]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SARON]/ 
[TONA]/Not applicable]

--- Page 675 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
675 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Reference Rate: 
[[] 
month] 
[EURIBOR][BBSW][NIBOR][PRIBOR][STIBOR] 
[WIBOR][SONIA] [SOFR][€STR][SARON][TONA] 
 
(The reference rate must be EURIBOR, BBSW, 
NIBOR, PRIBOR, STIBOR, WIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, SARON or TONA) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
(Second TARGET2 business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second Sydney 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if BBSW, second Oslo business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if NIBOR, second Prague 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if PRIBOR, second Stockholm business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, second 
Warsaw business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if WIBOR) 
 
[[] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Period End Final Date] 
 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA) 
 
[[] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Period End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
 
[[] TARGET2 Business Days prior to each Interest 
Period End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR) 
 
[[] Zurich Banking Days prior to each Interest Period 
End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SARON) 
 
[[] Tokyo Banking Days prior to each Interest Period 
End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA) 
Specified Time: 
[]/[Not applicable] (which will be 11:00 am, Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR, 11:00 am, Sydney 
time, in the case of BBSW, 11:00 am, Oslo time, in the 
case of NIBOR, 11:00 am, Prague time, in the case of 
PRIBOR, 11:00 am, Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR, 11:00 am, Warsaw time, in the case of 
WIBOR) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[][The SOFR Screen Page][ECB Website] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
– 
[Calculation 
Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with

--- Page 676 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
676 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: [TONA 
Compound: 
[TONA 
Compound 
with 
Lookback]/[TONA 
Compound 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift]] 
– 
[Observation 
Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]/[SONIA 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is €STR: 
[Lag]/[Shift]]] 
– 
Lookback Period: 
[[specify] [London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 
Business 
Days]/[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]/[Tokyo 
Banking 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR 
(where the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR Compound with Lookback), €STR, SARON or 
TONA (where the Calculation Method is TONA 
Compound with Lookback) and ensure that any Early 
Redemption Amounts include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest.) 
– 
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
 
[Observation Shift Business Centre(s): [specify]] 
[[specify] Relevant Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA and the 
Calculation Method is TONA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift) 
– 
[SOFR 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean) 
– 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
listed 
in 
Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the English Law Notes or Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the French Law Notes.]] 
– 
[Rate Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR) 
– 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is either SOFR or 
€STR) 
28. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 677 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
677 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
Reset Date: 
[]] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, the first day of the Interest 
Period) 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
29. 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
[specify relevant terms]] 
30. 
Zero Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
Reference Price: 
[] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify] 
31. 
Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[] 
 
[The [] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]13 
 
[The [] Index is a Custom Index. 
[Asset Class Type: [Equity]/[Commodity] Custom 
Index]]14 
 
[The [] Index is a Connected Third Party Index.]15 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
Screen Page: 
[] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.]  
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election)  
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
                                                     
13  
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
14  
Specify each Custom Index (if any). 
15  
Specify each Connected Third Party Index (if any).

--- Page 678 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
678 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
Observation Date(s): 
[[]/Not applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable]] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (standard election is All Indices Basis) 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a) 
the Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
 
(b) 
the Index Sponsor is []. 
 
(In the case of a Basket of Indices, repeat in respect 
of each Index) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/[All Exchanges]] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked 
Notes]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash 
Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement 
Price 
Date/during 
the 
Observation 
Period.] [[], being the time specified on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. if no time is specified, the Interest 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]

--- Page 679 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
679 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
[Force Majeure Event] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
[Hedging Party Default] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[([The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable /Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Additional provisions 
applicable to Custom 
Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Averaging:  
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, Condition 9.2 of Index Linked Conditions will 
apply.] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[twenty]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty) 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[]

--- Page 680 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
680 
(c) 
[Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(d) 
[Scheduled 
Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
 
(N.B. Must match election made for Custom Index 
Business Day) 
(e) 
Valuation Time:  
[As per the Conditions]/[[], being the time specified 
on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or 
Observation Date as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] 
(f) 
[Custom Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[[]specify]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(g) 
Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/ [As per Conditions]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty (in the case of a Custom Index that is 
not an Equity Custom Index or a Commodity Custom 
Index), eight (in the case of an Equity Custom Index) 
or five (in the case of a Commodity Custom Index)) 
(h) 
Delayed 
Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Custom 
Index 
Adjustment Event 
[or 
Commodity 
Custom 
Index 
Market Disruption 
Event]:  
[Applicable with a rate of [] per cent. per annum/Not 
applicable] 
32. 
Share Linked/ETI Share Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[ETI Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(In the case of Hybrid Notes which are Share Linked 
Notes and ETI Share Linked Notes, repeat sub-
paragraphs (i) to (xxv) below for Share Linked Notes 
and ETI Linked Notes to which the ETI Share 
Provisions apply, as required) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket of 
Shares/GDR/ADR/ETI 
Interest/Basket of ETI 
Interests: 
[Insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies/ETI Interest(s) and ETI(s)]

--- Page 681 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
681 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
[Insert GDR/ADR]16 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]17 
[China Connect applicable ]18 
Relative Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(Always specify as "Not applicable" where ETI Share 
Linked Notes is specified as applicable) 
ETI Interest/Share 
Currency: 
[specify] 
ISIN of Share(s)/ETI 
Interest(s): 
[specify] 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[specify] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election)  
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement 
Price 
Date/during 
the 
Observation 
Period.] [The Interest Valuation Time is [], being the 
time specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time is 
specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable]]  
                                                     
16 
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked 
Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
17  
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to 
Stapled Shares, complete Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s). 
18  
Not applicable for ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 682 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
682 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis)/(Per [Share/ETI 
Interest] Basis)/(Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis)] 
(standard election is All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis)/(Per [Share/ETI 
Interest] Basis)/(Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [].  
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of [Shares/ETI Interests] 
to ascertain the Settlement Price is []. Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment [in 
accordance with Annex [3]/[8]/[specify other]. (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to a Basket of Shares or a Basket of ETI 
Interests)] 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement 
Price 
Date/during 
the 
Observation 
Period.] [The Valuation Time is [], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time is 
specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
ETI Interest/Share 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not 
applicable]/[The 
following 
Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [] per cent.] 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)]

--- Page 683 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
683 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[eight]  
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[China Connect Share 
Disqualification:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
China Connect Service 
Termination:
[Applicable/Not applicable]]19 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
33. 
Inflation Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) (If more than one 
Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat items (i) to 
(ix) for each such Inflation Rate and, if FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the 
Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and the Inflation Rate 
which is FI Rate B) 
Index: 
[] 
 
[Composite/non Composite] 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[] 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Related Bond: 
[]/Fall Back Bond 
Issuer of Related Bond:  
[]/[Not applicable] 
                                                     
19  
Only applicable if China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 684 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
684 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Determination Date: 
[] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
34. 
Commodity Linked Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity Index/ 
Commodity Indices: 
[] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices 
is/are []] 
Pricing Date(s):  
[] 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[] 
The Price Source is/are [] 
Delivery Date: 
[] / [Not applicable] 
Nearby Month: 
[]/ [Not applicable] 
Specified Price: 
[specify] 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] / [Not 
applicable].  
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) (applicable only to Price Source 
Disruption or Trading Disruption) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 
8]/[Not 
applicable] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
[] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is []]/Not applicable] 
35. 
Fund Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro 
Fund: 
[Specify 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro Fund] 
 
[The 
Fund 
Index 
Sponsor[s] 
of 
the 
Fund 
[Index/Indices] [is/are] []]

--- Page 685 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
685 
 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
[[The [] Fund is a Euro Fund]  
[The Insurance Company is [specify] 
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website]  
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website]  
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of 
Return is [specify] 
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]/[Paris]] 
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete 
items 35(ii) to (ix) below and 35(xi) to (xxiii) below and 
complete items 35(x) and 35(xxiv))] 
[Fund Shares: 
[] 
Fund Documents: 
[As per the Conditions][] 
Fund Business Day: 
[All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Single Fund Share Basis] 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(if no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, the 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to ten) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]] 
Hedging Date: 
[] 
[NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[] 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]/[ 
Termination Date: 
[] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is []]/[Not applicable] 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event and Principal Protected

--- Page 686 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
686 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]] 
[Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event: 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
36. 
ETI Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
[ETI Share Provisions: [Applicable – see item 32 
(Share Linked/ETI Share Linked Interest Provisions) 
above/Not applicable]] 
 
(If applicable and sub-paragraphs (i) to (xxxi) are not 
required for Hybrid Notes, delete sub-paragraphs (i) 
to (xxxi) and complete item 32 (Share Linked/ETI 
Share Linked Interest Provisions) above.) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[] 
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Exchange(s): 
[The 
relevant 
Exchange[s] 
[is/are] 
[]/[Not 
applicable] 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]

--- Page 687 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
687 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Number of Value 
Publication Days: 
[ calendar days] [ Business Days (as defined in 
Condition 3(f))] 
 
[Additional Financial Centre: [specify]] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Business Days) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[NAV per ETI Interest] 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate:  
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [].] 
ETI Interest Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]  
Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify] 
Simple Interest Spread:  
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Termination Date: 
[specify]  
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [][eight (8)] Scheduled Trading Days 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
the 
case 
of 
ETI 
Linked 
Notes]/[specify]/[Not applicable] (N.B. Only applicable 
in relation to Cash Settled Notes relating to an ETI 
Basket) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
37. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 688 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
688 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([each a]/[the] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] (If no time is specified, the time the Price 
Source publishes the relevant rate(s) from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated) 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
FX Knock-in Valuation20: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable, 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
FX Knock-out Valuation21: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
                                                     
20  
Only applicable if Knock-in Event is applicable and SPS Knock-in Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 18 accordingly. 
21  
Only applicable if Knock-out Event is applicable and SPS Knock-out Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 19 accordingly.

--- Page 689 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
689 
 
[If 
applicable, 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
38. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable, identify each Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
which is a Multiple Underlying Component Rate) 
Underlying Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
Strike Date:  
[specify] 
Manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
(Either EURIBOR or other) 
(B) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(C) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Floating Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(B) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum

--- Page 690 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
690 
Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items 38(ii) to 
(viii).   
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
39. 
Additional Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 3(f) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 3(f) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as the case 
may be): 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
40. 
Final Redemption: 
[Calculation Amount x [] per cent.]/[Final Payout] 
 
[As per Credit Linked Conditions and paragraph 51 
(Credit Linked Notes) below] 
41. 
Final Payout:  
[Not applicable] 
[SPS Payouts 
[SPS Fixed Percentage Notes: 
 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes: 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[SPS Vanilla Products: 
 
[Vanilla Call Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Put Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Put Spread Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Digital Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[[Knock-in / Knock-out] Vanilla Call Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]

--- Page 691 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
691 
 
[Range Accrual Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[Asian Products: 
 
[Asian Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Asian Spread Notes:  
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Himalaya Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Talisman Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[Auto-Callable Products: 
 
[Autocall Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Autocall Standard Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Autocall One Touch Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[Indexation Products: 
 
[Certi Plus: Booster Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Bonus Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Leveraged Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Twin Win Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Super Sprinter Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-out Notes

--- Page 692 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
692 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Ratchet Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Sum Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Option Max Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Stellar Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Driver Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Transition Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
FI Payouts 
[FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Plus Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
42. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Underlying 
Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon Automatic 
Early 
Redemption] 
[Standard 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption[ – Automatic Early Redemption Event 
1]]: "greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"][Standard Automatic 
Early Redemption – Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2 Applicable: "greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"][SPS 
Target Automatic Early Redemption] 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [and]/[or] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 2] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout: 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]]

--- Page 693 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
693 
 
[SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
[SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Accumulator AER Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
 
[Accrual 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Application/Not applicable] 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
[[(A)] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption [Price] 
[Level] [1]: 
[specify] 
[B] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
[Price][Level] 2: 
[specify]] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage: 
[[] per cent.][Not applicable] 
AER Rate: 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]/[Not 
applicable] 
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
[AER Rate 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
[AER Athena up Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[AER CSN Rate 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions.]] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is 
the interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days 
prior to the Automatic Early Redemption Date)]

--- Page 694 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
694 
Observation Price Source: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Underlying Reference 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[Bid 
price]/[Asked price]/Standard Underlying Reference 
Level]/[Not applicable] 
SPS AER Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]: 
 
SPS AER Value 1: 
[Insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Conditions] 
 
[SPS AER Value 2: 
[Insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Conditions]] 
AER Event 1 Underlyings: 
[See item [] below]/[Not applicable] 
AER Event 2 Underlyings: 
[See item [] below]/[Not applicable] 
AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
43. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[]22 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [] per cent.] 
 
[SPS Call Payout 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
Notice period: 
Minimum notice period: [] 
 
Maximum notice period: [] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing systems business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the issuer 
and its issuing and paying agent/registrar.) 
                                                     
22  
Specify one or more dates in respect of which the Optional Redemption Amount will be determined following the 
exercise of an Issuer Call Option or describe the process by which such date will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 695 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
695 
44. 
Noteholder Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[]23 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [] per cent.] 
[SPS Put Payout ] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
Notice period: 
Minimum notice period: [] 
 
Maximum notice period: [] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing systems business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the issuer 
and its issuing and paying agent/registrar.) 
45. 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
46. 
Index Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[] 
 
[The [] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]24 
 
[The [] Index is a Custom Index. 
[Asset Class Type: [Equity]/[Commodity] Custom 
Index]]25 
 
[The [] Index is a Connected Third Party Index.]26 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per the Conditions][specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
                                                     
23  
Specify one or more dates in respect of which the Optional Redemption Amount will be determined following the 
exercise of a Noteholder Put Option or describe the process by which such date will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
24 
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
25  
Specify each Custom Index (if any). 
26  
Specify each Connected Third Party Index (if any).

--- Page 696 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
696 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election)  
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable]] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a) 
the Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
 
(b) 
the Index Sponsor is []. 
 
(In the case of a Basket of Indices, repeat in respect 
of each Index) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date] /[during the Observation 
Period.] [[], being the time specified on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. If no time specified, the Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) (N.B. Only 
applicable to Indices other than Custom Indices) 
 
[As per the Conditions]/[] being the time specified on 
the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or 
Observation Date as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time

--- Page 697 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
697 
specified, the Valuation Time will be as per the 
Conditions) (N.B. Only applicable to Custom Indices) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/[specify]] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not 
applicable]/[The 
following 
Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
[Force Majeure Event] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
[Hedging Party Default] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
security] is [].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Additional provisions 
applicable to Custom 
Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].]

--- Page 698 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
698 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, Condition 9.2 of Index Linked Conditions will 
apply.] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[As per Conditions]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty) 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[] 
(c) 
[Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(d) 
[Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(N.B. Must match election made for Custom Index 
Business Day) 
(e) 
[Custom 
Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[[]specify]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(f) 
Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[As per Conditions]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty (in the case of a Custom Index that is 
not an Equity Custom Index or a Commodity Custom 
Index), eight (in the case of an Equity Custom Index) 
or five (in the case of a Commodity Custom Index)) 
(g) 
Delayed 
Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Custom 
Index 
Adjustment Event 
[or 
Commodity 
Custom 
Index 
Market Disruption 
Event]: 
[Applicable with a rate of [] per cent. per annum /Not 
applicable] 
47. 
Share Linked/ETI Share Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[ETI Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(In the case of Hybrid Notes which are Share Linked 
Notes and ETI Share Linked Notes, repeat sub-
paragraphs (i) to (xxv) below for Share Linked Notes

--- Page 699 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
699 
and ETI Share Linked Notes to which the ETI Share 
Provisions apply, as required) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR/ETI 
Interest/Basket of ETI 
Interests: 
[Insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies/ETI Interest(s) and ETI(s)] 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
[Insert GDR/ADR]27 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
 
 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]28 
 
[China Connect applicable]29 
Relative Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(Always specify as "Not applicable" where ETI Share 
Linked Notes is specified as applicable) 
ETI Interest/Share 
Currency: 
[specify] 
ISIN of Share(s)/ETI 
Interest(s): 
[specify] 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[specify] 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election)  
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify]  
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis)/(Per [Share/ETI 
Interest] Basis)/(Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis)] 
                                                     
27  
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked 
Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
28  
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to 
Stapled Shares, complete Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s). 
29  
Not applicable for ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 700 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
700 
 
(standard election is All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis)/(Per [Share/ETI 
Interest] Basis)/(Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [].  
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of [Shares/ETI Interests] 
to ascertain the Settlement Price is []. Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment [in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 
[3]/[8]/specify 
other]]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Shares or 
a Basket of ETI Interests) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date] /[during the Observation 
Period.] [The Valuation Time is [], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time). 
ETI Interest/Share 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not 
applicable]/[The 
following 
Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.] 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional

--- Page 701 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
701 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[eight] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
[Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]30 
[China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]31 
48. 
Inflation Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
[Composite/non Composite] 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Related Bond: 
[]/Fall Back Bond 
Issuer of Related Bond:  
[]/[Not applicable] 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Determination Date: 
[] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
                                                     
30  
Not applicable in respect of ETI Linked Notes. 
31  
Only applicable if China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 702 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
702 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
49. 
Commodity Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Commodity/Comm
odities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices: 
[] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices 
is/are []] 
Pricing Date(s): 
[] 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[] 
The Price Source is/are: [] 
Delivery Date: 
[] / [Not applicable] 
Nearby Month: 
[] / [Not applicable] 
Specified Price: 
[specify] 
Exchange(s): 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] / [Not 
applicable] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 
8]/[Not 
applicable] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
[] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is []]/[Not applicable] 
50. 
Fund Linked Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro 
Fund: 
[Specify 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro Fund] 
 
[The 
Fund 
Index 
Sponsor[s] 
of 
the 
Fund 
[Index/Indices] [is/are] []] 
 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Private Equity Fund]  
[[The [] Fund is a Euro Fund]  
[The Insurance Company is [specify] 
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website]

--- Page 703 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
703 
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website]  
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of 
Return is [specify] 
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]/[Paris]] 
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete 
items 50(ii) to (x) below and 50(xii) to (xxiii) and 
complete items 50(xi) and 50(xxiv))] 
[Fund Share(s): 
[] 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Fund Business Day: 
[All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Single Fund Share Basis] 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(if no Maximum Days of Disruption are specified, the 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to ten) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify]] 
Hedging Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
[AUM Level: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[] 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[] 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify] 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions] 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprises the Fund Basket is []]/[Not applicable] 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[specify]]] 
[Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event: 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable]

--- Page 704 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
704 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
51. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[(A) Combination Credit Linked 
Notes: Credit Component 1: 
[Principal Component/Interest Component/Principal 
and Interest Component] (Include if principal and 
interest 
have 
different 
credit-linkage, 
delete 
otherwise) 
[Component Percentage: []%] (Include if portions of 
principal and/or interest have different credit linkage)] 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
(Specify all that apply) 
 
Single 
Reference 
Entity 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Nth-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [] 
M: [[]/Not applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Distribution End Date: [] 
[Distribution 
Period 
Redemption/Redemption 
at 
Maturity/Distribution Period Event Determination Date 
Disapplication] applicable. ] 
Tranched CLN:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Attachment Point: [] 
Exhaustion Point: [] 
Incurred Recoveries: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linkage
 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms] 
(Delete if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Notes: 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked Notes are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities)] 
Transaction Type:
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European Corporate/Standard European Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 705 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
705 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
American 
Corporate 
BL/Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[]/[Not 
applicable] 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount/Reference 
Entity 
Weighting:] 
(Specify 
amount or weighting)
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)] []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Reference Obligation(s):
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable): 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date of Final 
Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Final Terms for 
information) 
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)]: 
 
Primary Obligor: [] 
 
Guarantor: [] 
 
Maturity: [] 
 
Coupon: [] 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: [] 
 
Original Issue Amount: [] 
 
/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As 
specified in the Relevant Annex]  
Credit Linked Interest Only 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item)

--- Page 706 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
706 
Credit-Linked 
Principal 
Only Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item)   
Terms relating to Credit Event 
Settlement
 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement 
/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero 
Recovery] 
 
Principal Protection Level: [[]%/Not applicable] (May 
be deleted if principal protection is not applicable) 
 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical Settlement/Not applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Fallback Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Settlement at Maturity:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Settlement Currency:
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/[] 
Miscellaneous Credit Terms
 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 707 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
707 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: []] 
Merger Type: [Reference Entity/Holders Merger] 
[Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date:  
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/The date 
that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date/Issue 
Date/[]] 
Credit Observation Period 
End Date:
[Applicable: []/Not applicable] 
CoCo Supplement:
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the Exhibit to the 
Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As 
per the Credit Linked Note Conditions]]  
LPN Reference Entities 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable: 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not applicable/As 
specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]]] 
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event:
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest Period 
End Date/Event Determination Date] 
Interest 
following 
Scheduled Maturity:
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable] 
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linked Calculation Basis: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Excluded Items: [Item 12 (Final Payout) (Include Item 
12 (Final Payout) as an Excluded Item where the Final 
Payout overrides Item 35 (Credit Linked Note 
Provisions))] []] (Delete if not applicable) 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Credit 
Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Bonus Coupon Rate: [] 
Outstanding 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Rate 
Method: 
[Standard/Averaging]

--- Page 708 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
708 
Bonus Coupon Accrual Basis: [Running Basis/Final 
Payment] 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[]/Final 
Settlement Date only] 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction: [] 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date: [] [e.g. Two 
Business Days prior to Bonus Coupon Payment Date] 
Bonus Coupon Attachment Point: [] 
 
Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point: [] 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size: []] 
Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Note Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Disruption 
redemption 
basis: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value/Monetisation Option]] 
Change in Standard Terms 
and Market Conventions:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Additional 
Credit 
Provisions:
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[(B) Combination Credit Linked Notes: 
Credit Component 2:
[Principal Component/Interest Component/Principal 
and Interest Component] (Include if principal and 
interest 
have 
different 
credit-linkage, 
delete 
otherwise) 
[Component Percentage: []%] (Include if portions of 
principal and/or interest have different credit linkage) 
(a) 
[Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
(Specify all that apply) 
 
Single 
Reference 
Entity 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Nth-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [] 
M: [[]/Not applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Distribution End Date: [] 
[Distribution 
Period 
Redemption/Redemption 
at 
Maturity/Event Determination Date Disapplication] 
applicable.]

--- Page 709 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
709 
Tranched CLN:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Attachment Point: [] 
Exhaustion Point: [] 
Incurred Recoveries: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Credit Linkage
 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms] 
(Delete if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Notes: 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked Notes are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities)] 
Transaction Type:
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European Corporate/Standard European Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
American 
Corporate 
BL/Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex]  
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[]/[Not 
applicable] 
[Reference Entity Notional 
Amount/Reference 
Entity 
Weighting:] 
(Specify 
amount or weighting)
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)] []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Reference Obligation(s):
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 710 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
710 
 
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)]: 
[Standard Reference Obligation as at the date of the 
Final Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Final Terms 
for information) 
 
Primary Obligor: [] 
 
Guarantor: [] 
 
Maturity: [] 
 
Coupon: [] 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: [] 
 
Original Issue Amount: [] 
 
/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/ As 
specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Credit Linked Interest Only 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Do not apply for Hybrid Credit Linked Notes, where 
exclusion of credit linkage is expressed as an 
Excluded Item) 
Credit-Linked 
Principal 
Only Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusion of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item) 
Terms relating to Credit Event 
Settlement
 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero Recovery] 
Principal Protection Level: [[]%/Not applicable] (May 
be deleted if principal protection is not applicable) 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions]  
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable)  
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method)]  
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical Settlement/Not applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions]

--- Page 711 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
711 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Notes Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Fallback Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
Credit Unwind Costs
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
Settlement at Maturity:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Settlement Currency:
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/[]] 
Miscellaneous Credit Terms
 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: []] 
Merger Type: [Reference Entity/Holders Merger] 
[Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date:  
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/The date 
that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date/Issue 
Date/[]] 
Credit Observation Period 
End Date:
[Applicable: []/Not applicable]  
CoCo Supplement:
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(Delete below if not applicable)] 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the Exhibit to the 
Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As 
per the Credit Linked Note Conditions]]  
LPN Reference Entities 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable: 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not applicable/As 
specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]]]

--- Page 712 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
712 
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event:
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest Period 
End Date/Event Determination Date] 
Interest 
following 
Scheduled Maturity:
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable]   
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linked Calculation Basis: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Excluded Items: []] (Delete if not applicable) 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Credit 
Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Bonus Coupon Rate: [] 
Outstanding 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Rate 
Method: 
[Standard/Averaging] 
Bonus Coupon Accrual Basis: [Running Basis/Final 
Payment] 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[]/Final 
Settlement Date only] 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction: [] 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date: [] [e.g. Two 
Business Days prior to Bonus Coupon Payment Date] 
Bonus Coupon Attachment Point: [] 
Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point: [] 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size: []] 
Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Note Disruption Events:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Disruption 
redemption 
basis: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value/Monetisation Option]] 
Change in Standard Terms 
and Market Conventions:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Additional 
Credit 
Provisions:
[[]/Not applicable] 
52. 
ETI Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[ETI Share Provisions: [Applicable – see item 47 
(Share 
Linked/ETI 
Share 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount) above/Not applicable]

--- Page 713 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
713 
 
(If applicable and sub-paragraphs (i) to (xxxi) are not 
required for Hybrid Notes, delete sub-paragraphs (i) 
to (xxxi) and complete item 47 (Share Linked/ETI 
Share Linked Redemption Amount) above.) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[] 
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Exchange(s): 
The 
relevant 
Exchange[s] 
[is/are] 
[]. 
[Not 
applicable] 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(standard election is All ETI Interest Basis) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Hedging Date: 
[] 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Number of Value 
Publication Days: 
[[] calendar days]/[[] Value Business Days (as 
defined in Condition 3(f))] 
 
[Value Business Day Centre: [specify]  
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Value Business 
Days)] 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
Market Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption shall be equal 
to []/[eight] Scheduled Trading Days] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Averaging:  
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.]

--- Page 714 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
714 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election)  
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify]  
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of ETI Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to an ETI Basket)] 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation 
Period.] [The Valuation Time is [], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time). 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [].] 
ETI Interest Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify] 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Termination Date: 
[] 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
53. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([each a]/[the] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[five]

--- Page 715 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
715 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to five) 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
Provisions for determining 
redemption amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
FX Knock-in Valuation32: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable, 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
                                                     
32  
Only applicable if Knock-in Event is applicable and SPS Knock-in Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 18 accordingly.

--- Page 716 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
716 
FX Knock-out Valuation33: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable, 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
54. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[] 
Underlying Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
Manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify]  
(Either EURIBOR or other) 
(B) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(C) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(B) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
                                                     
33  
Only applicable if Knock-out Event is applicable and SPS Knock-out Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 19 accordingly.

--- Page 717 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
717 
Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items 54(ii) to 
(vi).   
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
55. 
Events 
of 
Default 
for 
Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If Applicable, specify one or more Events of Default 
below) 
Non-payment: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Breach 
of 
other 
obligations: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Insolvency 
(or 
other 
similar 
proceeding): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
56. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
57. 
Early Redemption Amount(s)34: 
[Article 45b2(b) BRRD: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Final Redemption Amount] 
 
[Calculation Amount Percentage: [] per cent]35 
 
[Amortised Face Amount: 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: [] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: [] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: []] 
 
[Market Value less Costs] 
[Max of Calculation Amount Percentage and Market 
Value less Costs: 
Calculation Amount Percentage: Calculation Amount 
x [] per cent]36 
[Max of Amortised Face Amount and Market Value 
less Costs: 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: [] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: [] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: [] 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Percentage: [] per cent.] 
58. 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery:37 
[Applicable/Physical 
Delivery 
Option 
[1/2/3]/Not 
applicable] 
Entitlement in relation to 
each Note: 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note is: 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying applicable: 
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] 
 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
 
Redemption Payout: 
                                                     
34  
If the Calculation Methods are different for different Early Redemption Events (as defined in Condition 5(g) of the 
English Law Notes and French Law Notes) specify all Calculation Methods that apply. 
35  
If the percentage varies depending on the relevant period, specify the applicable percentages and periods. 
36  
If the percentage varies depending on the relevant period, specify the applicable percentages and periods. 
37  
Not applicable to Commodity Linked Notes or Credit Linked Notes and to French Law Notes.

--- Page 718 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
718 
 
[] 
 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] 
 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
 
Redemption Payout: 
 
[] 
 
SPS Valuation Date: 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable:  
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] 
 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
 
Redemption Payout: 
 
[] 
 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of Accumulator Underlying: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Rounding and Residual Amount: [As per Payout 
Condition 
1.4(e)(i)]/[Delivery 
of 
Accumulator 
Underlying]] 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset to which the 
Notes relate [is/are] [].[Not applicable] 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[As specified in Condition 4(b)] 
Settlement Business 
Day(s): 
[specify] 
Delivery Agent: 
[Not applicable/specify]] 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Notes - Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable 
to certain Share or ETI Linked Notes. Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Notes) 
59. 
Variation of Settlement: 
 
Issuer's option to vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes. 
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date and 
the provisions of Condition 4(b)(B)(ii) will apply to the 
Notes./The Issuer will procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of the Notes and the provisions 
of Condition 4(b)(B)(ii) will not apply to the Notes.] 
60. 
CNY Payment Disruption Event:38 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
                                                     
38  
Not applicable if the Notes are governed by French Law.

--- Page 719 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
719 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[Postponement: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[Payment of Equivalent Amount: [Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency: [specify] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source: [specify] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
61. 
Form of Notes:  
[Bearer Notes: 
New Global Note:39 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes only upon 
an Exchange Event]. 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date.]] 
 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes only upon 
an Exchange Event.] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Registered 
Global 
Note 
(U.S.$[] 
nominal 
amount)/Registered Notes in definitive form (specify 
nominal amounts)]  
 
[Dematerialised Notes 
 
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/ 
[fully/administered] Registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif [pur/administré])].]40 
62. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Days for the purposes of 
Condition 4(a): 
[Not applicable/give details] (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment and not the end dates 
of interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 39 relates. 
All relevant Financial Centre(s) (including the location 
of the relevant agent(s)) should be included other than 
TARGET2) 
63. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made] / [No] 
64. 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to 
be made and, if different from 
those specified in the Temporary 
Bearer Global Note or Permanent 
[Not applicable/give details] 
                                                     
39  
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the Section in 0 under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility". 
40  
Insert as applicable where the Notes are French Law Notes.

--- Page 720 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
720 
Bearer Global Note, consequences 
of failure to pay, including any right 
of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes 
and interest due on late payment: 
65. 
Details relating to Notes 
redeemable in instalments: amount 
of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Notes are redeemable in instalments and 
Instalment Adjustment]/[OCA Instalment Adjustment] 
is [applicable/not applicable] 
[Instalment Amounts: 
[] 
[Instalment Percentage: [] per cent.] (specify 
Instalment Percentage in respect of each Instalment 
Date, if different) 
Instalment Dates: 
[]] 
66. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 7 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes] apply] 
67. 
Masse (Condition 12 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes)41: 
[Not applicable42]/[[Contractual representation of 
Noteholders/No Masse43]/[Full Masse44]/[Contractual 
Masse45] shall apply.]] 
 
(If Condition 12(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes (Full Masse) or Condition 12(c) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
(Contractual Masse) applies, insert below details of 
Representative and alternate Representative and 
remuneration, if any) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[]] 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration./The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [].] 
68. 
Governing law: 
[English law]. [Condition [2(a)/2(b)] is governed by 
French law.]46  
[French law] 
69. 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
70. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses]47 of Managers 
[and underwriting 
[Not applicable/give names] 
                                                     
41  
Applicable for French Law Notes only. 
42  
Specify "Not applicable" if the Notes are English law governed. 
43  
Please elect Condition 12(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (Contractual representation of 
Noteholders/No Masse) in respect of any Tranche or Series of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only 
be traded in amounts of, at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency at the time of issue). 
44  
Please elect Condition 12(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (Full Masse) in respect of any 
Tranche or Series of Notes issued (a) in France and (b) with an initial denomination (and which can be traded in 
amounts of), of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency at the time of issue). 
45  
Please elect Condition 12(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (Contractual Masse) in respect of 
any Tranche or Series of Notes (a) issued outside France and (b) with an initial denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency at the time of issue). 
46  
Applicable for English Law Notes only. 
47  
Delete, if minimum denomination is at least EUR100,000 (or is equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date).

--- Page 721 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
721 
commitments/quotas 
(material features)] 
(specifying Lead Manager): 
Date of [Subscription 
Agreement]:48 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Stabilisation Manager (if 
any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[specify/Not applicable] 
71. 
Total commission and 
concession:49 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount  
72. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA Not applicable 
73. 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 73 
and paragraph 9 of Part B) 
[Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (select from the 
list of Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions in the Base 
Prospectus), which must therefore be jurisdictions 
where the Base Prospectus and any supplements 
have been passported (in addition to the jurisdiction 
where approved and published)]]  
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as 
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [] Business 
Days thereafter"]/[From (and including) the Issue Date 
until (and including) the date on which the Notes are 
delisted]. 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions in it: 
[insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
General Consent: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror 
Terms: 
[Not applicable] [Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable) 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Non-exempt 
offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which the 
Base Prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.) 
74. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Retail 
Investors: 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
                                                     
48  
Delete, if minimum denomination is at least EUR100,000 (or is equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date). 
49  
Delete if minimum denomination is at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue 
Date).

--- Page 722 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
722 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the 
EEA and as a result no key document is required 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation.) 
[Applicable, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which 
a key information document will be made available] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the 
EEA, except in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key 
information document will be made available.) 
[Not applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to retail investors in the EEA and 
either (i) a key information document is not required 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or (ii) the Notes will 
only be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
retail investors in the EEA in the jurisdiction(s) where 
a key information document will be made available.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the UK 
and as a result no key information document is 
required pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation.) 
[Not applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to retail investors in the UK and either 
(i) a key information document is not required 
pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation or (ii) the Notes 
will only be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to retail investors in the UK where a key information 
document will be made available.) 
75. 
United States Tax Considerations 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for the 
purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986. [The Notes may be Specified 
Notes for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986. If the Notes are 
Specified Securities, then the following provisions will 
apply]. 
[Additional 
information 
regarding 
the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available from [give names and address(es) of Issuer 
Contact].[The Issuer will arrange for withholding 
under Section 871(m) to be imposed on any dividend 
equivalent payment at a rate of 30 per cent.]] 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has 
not determined whether the Notes are Specified 
Securities for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicating it 
considers that they will [not] be Specified Securities 
for these purposes. This is indicative information 
only subject to change and if the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice of 
such determination.  Please contact [give name(s)] 
and address(s) of Issuer contact] for further

--- Page 723 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
723 
information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes.]] 
(The Notes will not be Specified Securities if they 
(i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not 
"delta-one" for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains 
any component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct 
or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes 
reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains a 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or 
indirect exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued 
prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return that does 
not differ significantly from the return on an investment 
in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 1 
January 2023, further analysis would be required.)  
[Payments on the Specified Securities are calculated 
by reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Security, the parties agree that 
in calculating the relevant payment amount the Issuer 
has withheld, and the purchaser is deemed to have 
received 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent 
payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) in 
respect of the relevant [U.S. securities/U.S. dividend 
paying index components]. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the 
Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the 
dividends paid by an issuer of a security net of 30 per 
cent. U.S. federal withholding tax. 
For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net 
total return of the U.S. source dividend paying 
components, as calculated by the Index Sponsor, of 
an index that reinvests US source dividends paid by 
an issuer of a security that is a component of the index 
net of 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on such US 
source dividends.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The information included in [the Annex] (the "[] Information") consists of extracts from or summaries 
of information that is publicly available in respect of []. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ____________________________  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 724 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
724 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Paris]/[the professional segment of] 
[specify relevant MTF/ regulated market (for example 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) or non-regulated 
market and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange)] [with effect from/on or around] [].] 
 
[Not applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original [Notes] are already admitted to trading) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[]50 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies).] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider: 
 
[] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered  under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"). However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity], 
which is established in the European Union disclosed 
the intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity], 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European 
                                                     
50  
Delete if minimum denomination is less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue 
Date).

--- Page 725 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
725 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
[The Notes have not been rated.] 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers] so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer."] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
[Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses] 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Up to] [] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] [Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended "use" and presented in order 
or priority of such "uses".]51 
5. 
[Performance of Index / Share / Commodity / Inflation Index / Foreign Exchange Rate 
/ Fund / Reference Entity/Entities / ETI Interest / Formula and Other Information 
concerning the Underlying Reference or Reference Rate 
[Need to include details of where past and further performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/commodity/rates/reference entity/fund/other variables can be obtained.] 
[Where the underlying is an index not composed by the Issuer, need to include details of 
where the information about the index can be obtained.  Where the underlying is a security 
need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN or equivalent identification 
number. Where the underlying is a basket of underlyings, need to include the relevant 
weightings of each underlying in the basket.] 
[Where the underlying is an index composed by BNPP or a legal entity within the BNPP 
Group, include information as required by Annex 17 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 (and any additional information as permitted by Annex 28 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980) in relation to any additional provisions relating to the 
relevant BNPP Index. In particular, include the name of the index, the index administrator 
and details of where the information about the index can be obtained. The index 
administrator must be registered in the register maintained by ESMA under Article 36 the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and paragraph 14 (EU Benchmarks Regulation) below should be 
completed accordingly.] 
                                                     
51  
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as of the Issue Date).

--- Page 726 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
726 
[The Cinergy Code in respect of the [Custom Index]/[specify Custom Index] is []]52 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, 
endorse or recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(ii) 
[Common Code: 
[]] 
(iii) 
[CFI: 
[]] 
(iv) 
[FISN: 
[]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than [Euroclear 
France]53 Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
approved by the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent 
and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable/Central Moneymarkets Unit/give 
name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
(viii) 
[CMU Instrument No.: 
Not applicable/[]] 
(ix) 
[CMU Lodging Agent: 
Not applicable/[]] 
(x) 
[CMU Paying Agent: 
Not applicable/[]] 
(xi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility54: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safe-
keeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-keeper,)]55 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  [Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safe-keeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-
keeper)]56.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
                                                     
52  
Include for Notes linked to one or more indices composed by BNPP or a legal entity within the BNPP Group. Repeat 
as required. 
53  
In relation to French Law Notes only. 
54  
See Part A - 57 "Form of Notes - New Global Note". 
55  
Include for Registered Notes only. 
56  
Include for Registered Notes only.

--- Page 727 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
727 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]57] 
(xii) 
Name and address of 
Registration Agent:58 
[Not applicable]/[] 
7. 
[Terms and Conditions of the 
Non-Exempt Offer 
 
[Offer Price:] 
[The Issuer has offered the Notes to the Managers at 
the initial issue price of [] less a total commission of 
[]. OR (where the price is not determined at the date 
of the Final Terms) The issue price of the Notes will 
be determined by the Issuer and the [Managers] on 
or about [specify] in accordance with market 
conditions then prevailing, including [supply and 
demand for the Notes and other similar securities] 
[and] [the then current market price of [insert relevant 
benchmark security, if any].][Give details] 
[Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:] 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue [and 
on any additional conditions set out in the standard 
terms of business of the Authorised Offerors, notified 
to investors by such relevant Authorised Offerors]] 
[Give details] 
[Description of the application 
process:] 
[N/A unless full application process is being followed 
in relation to the issue][Not applicable]/[Give details] 
[Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application:] 
N/A unless full application process is being followed 
in relation to the issue] [Not applicable]/[Give details] 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding amounts paid in excess 
by applicants:] 
(N/A unless full application process is being followed 
in relation to the issue) [Not applicable]/[Give details] 
[Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes:] 
[The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date against 
payment to the Issuer of the net subscription moneys.  
Investors will be notified by the relevant Authorised 
Offerors of their allocations of Notes and the 
settlement arrangements in respect thereof.] [Not 
applicable]/[Give details] 
[Manner and date in which results 
of the offers are to be made public:] 
(N/A unless the issue is an "up to" issue when 
disclosure must be included) [Not applicable]/[Give 
details] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:] 
(N/A unless full application process is being followed 
in relation to the issue) [Not applicable]/[Give details] 
                                                     
57  
Not applicable to French Law Notes. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that French Law Notes in dematerialised form are 
capable of meeting them then French Law Notes will satisfy the relevant requirements. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that French Law Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
58  
In relation to French Law Registered Notes only.

--- Page 728 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
728 
[Process for notifying applicants of 
the amount allotted and an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made:] 
(Process for notification – N/A unless full application 
process is being followed in relation to the issue.) 
[No dealings in the Notes on a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU may take place prior to the 
Issue Date.] [Not applicable]/[Give details] 
[Amount of any expenses and 
taxes charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
[Not applicable]/[Give details] 
8. 
[Intermediaries 
with 
a 
Firm 
Commitment to Act 
 
[Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and a 
description of the main terms of 
their commitment:] 
[None/give details (such as the maximum bid/offer 
spread of the offer price and the minimum unit amount 
per order)]] 
9. 
[Placing and Underwriting 
 
[Name and address of the 
co-ordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer and 
to the extent known to the Issuer, 
of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place59: 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in Paragraph 73 of 
Part A above and identifiable in the Base 
Prospectus/None/give details] 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depository agents in 
each country (in addition to the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis, 
and entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or 
under "best efforts" 
arrangements:60 
[] 
When the underwriting agreement 
has been or will be reached:] 
[]] 
10. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
[As set out above, the] [The] yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
11. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – 
Performance of Rates 
 
 
[Details 
of 
the 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/BBSW/NIBOR/PRIBOR/STIBOR/WIBOR
/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/TONA/other rate as 
specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained, 
[but 
not] 
free 
of 
charge, 
from 
                                                     
59  
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered. 
60  
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.

--- Page 729 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
729 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means 
of obtaining the details of performance].] 
12. 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [[insert name[s] of 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark], which 
[is/are] 
provided 
by 
[[insert 
name[s] 
of 
the 
Administrator[s]]/[the [relevant] Administrator] [as, 
specified in the table below] (if more than one, specify 
in relation to each relevant Benchmark)]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [[insert name[s] 
of 
the 
Administrator[s]]/[the 
[relevant] 
Administrator[s]] 
[[is/are] 
not 
included]/[[is/are] 
included] [as the case may be,] in the register of 
Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by [the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the "BMR")]][, as specified in the table below]. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 
2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the BMR apply, such that the [relevant] 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration[, as specified in the table 
below].] [repeat as necessary or insert necessary 
information in a table below]][Not applicable] 
 
Benchmark Administrator 
Register 
Other 
Information 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]]

--- Page 730 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
730 
ANNEX 
Summary of the Notes 
[Insert issue specific summary for Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), other than Exempt Notes]

--- Page 731 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS 
 
731 
ANNEX 
Annex for Credit Linked Notes 
 
[]

--- Page 732 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
732 
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to the 
jurisdiction(s) in which a key information document will be made available,][T]/[t]he Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently [, save as provided above,] no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Unless a key information document will be 
made available,] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MiFID II product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] 
professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market assessment – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible

--- Page 733 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
733 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") [,] [and] 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA")]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]61.] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AND/OR 
THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED 
BELOW 
Final Terms dated [] 
BNP PARIBAS 
(incorporated in France) 
(the Issuer) 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): R0MUWSFPU8MPRO8K5P83] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
ISIN Code: [] 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the Programme) 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. 
[(Insert any specific additional risk factors, if appropriate.)] 
                                                     
61  
Legend to be included only (i) if the Notes are being offered to investors in the United Kingdom and (ii) following 
completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials").

--- Page 734 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
734 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] 
/ ["Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] / [, "Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/"Annex 4 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation Linked Notes"/"Annex 5 – Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 7 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Linked Notes"/"Annex 9 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 10 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"] in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2022 which received approval n° 22-263 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers on 1 July 2022 [and [the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published and 
approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) 
(the "Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and approved 
after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the Notes such 
changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final Terms 
relate)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus to obtain the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus [[and][,] any 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing 
at 
[address] 
[and] 
[www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx] and copies may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent].  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] 
/ ["Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] / [and "Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/"Annex 4 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation Linked Notes"/" Annex 5 – Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 7 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Linked Notes"/" Annex 9 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 10 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"] in the 
Base Prospectus dated [original date] [[,][and] [the][each] Supplement[s] to it published and approved 
on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) (the 
"Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and approved after 
the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the Notes such 
changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final Terms 
relate)] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein, and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and any Supplement[s] thereto] to obtain all the relevant 
information, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. [The Base Prospectus [[and][,] any Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [and 
these 
Final 
Terms]62 
[is/are] 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
[address] 
[and] 
[www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx] and copies may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.]] 
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes where (a) the offer period 
spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus or (b) where the offer 
period concludes prior to the publication of a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the 
Base Prospectus, but the Issue Date of the Notes occurs after such publication. 
                                                     
62 
Include in respect of issues of Notes that are listed.

--- Page 735 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
735 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] 
/ ["Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] / [and "Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/"Annex 4 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation Linked Notes"/" Annex 5 – Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 6 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 7 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Linked Notes"/" Annex 9 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 10 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"] in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2022 which received approval n° 22-263 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") on 1 July 2022 [[and][,] [the] [each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published 
and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described 
below)] notwithstanding the publication and approval of any [other] Supplement to the 2022 Base 
Prospectus (each a "2022 Future Supplement") which may have been published and approved after 
the date of these Final Terms and before the issue of the Notes to which these Final Terms relate] 
([together,] the "2022 Base Prospectus") [and/or] [an updated Base Prospectus (and any 
Supplement(s) thereto, each a "2023 Future Supplement"), which will replace the 2022 Base 
Prospectus (the "2023 Base Prospectus")] (the date of any such publication and approval, each a 
"Publication Date"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein and [(i) 
prior to any Publication Date, must be read in conjunction with the 2022 Base Prospectus or (ii)] [on 
and after any Publication Date, must be read in conjunction with [the 2022 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, by any 2022 Future Supplement as at such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2023 Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2023 Future Supplement as at such date], save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the 2022 Base Prospectus, to obtain all the relevant 
information. [The Issuer has in the 2022 Base Prospectus given consent to the use of the 2022 Base 
Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Notes. Such consent will be valid until the date that is 
twelve months following the date of the 2022 Base Prospectus. The Issuer will in the 2023 Base 
Prospectus give consent to the use of the 2023 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of the 
Notes.]. [The 2022 Base Prospectus [[and][,] any Supplement(s) to the 2022 Base Prospectus] 
[and these Final Terms]63 [is/are] available [and the 2023 Base Prospectus will be available] for 
viewing 
at 
[address] 
[and] 
[www.invest.bnpparibas.com 
and 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx] and copies may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may 
change where individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs are removed.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
BNP Paribas 
2. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Series Number: 
[] 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[[AUD/CAD/CHF/EUR/GBP/JPY/NZD/USD] 
as 
defined in the definition of "Relevant Currency" in 
Condition 4 (Payments, Physical Delivery and 
Exchange of Talons)]/[specify currency] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
Series: 
[] 
                                                     
63  
Include in respect of issues of Notes that are listed.

--- Page 736 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
736 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount]/[[specify currency amount] per Calculation 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6. 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify]64 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[AUD/CAD/CHF/EUR/GBP/JPY/NZD/USD/specify 
currency]  
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
(In respect of French Law Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.) 
(Senior Non Preferred Notes will be issued with a 
minimum denomination of €50,000.)65   
Calculation Amount: 
[] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. 
 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/[Issue Date] 
9. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] 
[subject as provided in Fund Linked Condition 5 
(include for Fund Linked Notes)]. [subject as provided 
in Annex 7 – "Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes] (include for Credit Linked 
Notes)]. 
 
[Fixed Rate/Resettable – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]][(NB: The Maturity Date [should not 
be/may need to be not] less than one year after the 
Issue Date)] 
 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes, the minimum 
maturity will be five years] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
 
for Maturity Date: 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/None/Not 
applicable] 
10. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
                                                     
64  
The Minimum Trading Size should be a currency amount, denominated in the same currency as the Notes. The 
Minimum Trading Size must be equal to or a multiple of the Specified Denomination (or if there is more than one 
Specified Denomination, the largest Specified Denomination). 
65  
Pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 
December 2020, Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier was amended to implement new 
Article 44 bis of the BRRD II and provide that any such debt securities issued as from 28 December 2020 shall be 
issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 50,000.

--- Page 737 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
737 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate 
per 
annum][[EURIBOR/BBSW/NIBOR/PRIBOR/STIBOR
/WIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/TONA/[]] +/- 
[] 
per 
cent. 
Floating 
Rate][Resettable][Zero 
Coupon][Index 
Linked 
Interest][Share 
Linked 
Interest][Inflation Linked Interest][Commodity Linked 
Interest][Fund 
Linked 
Interest][ETI 
Linked 
Interest][Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest][Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest][Hybrid Linked Interest](further particulars 
specified below) 
 
[Non-interest bearing] 
12. 
Coupon Switch: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
[Coupon Switch Election: Applicable]/[Automatic 
Coupon Switch: Applicable]/[Target Switch Coupon: 
Applicable] 
[insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions]] 
Pre-Switch Coupon: 
[specify Interest Basis] – [Fixed Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS 
Variable Amount Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball 
Digital Coupon]/[Accrual Digital Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Cappuccino 
Coupon]/[Ratchet 
Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon]/[Nova 
Coupon]/[Sum 
Coupon]/[Transition 
Coupon]/[Option 
Max 
Coupon]/[FX Vanilla Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX 
Range Accrual Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Combination 
Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC 
Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI Digital Cap 
Coupon]/[FI 
Target 
Coupon]/[Duration 
Adjusted 
Coupon]]  (see items [specify] below) 
Post-Switch Coupon: 
[specify Interest Basis] – [Fixed Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS 
Variable Amount Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball 
Digital Coupon]/[Accrual Digital Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Cappuccino 
Coupon]/[Ratchet 
Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon]/[Nova 
Coupon]/[Sum 
Coupon]/[Transition 
Coupon]/[FX 
Vanilla 
Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX Range Accrual 
Coupon]/[FX 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Option 
Max 
Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Combination 
Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC 
Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI Digital Cap 
Coupon]/[FI 
Target 
Coupon]/[Duration 
Adjusted 
Coupon]]  [Insert relevant provisions, replicating 
relevant prompts from items 22-37, as applicable, 
below] 
Additional Switch Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable][If applicable: 
[specify]/[Calculation Amount x []%]] 
Coupon Switch Date(s): 
[specify] 
13. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par][[specify] per cent. of nominal 
amount][Index Linked Redemption][Share Linked 
Redemption][Inflation 
Linked

--- Page 738 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
738 
Redemption][Commodity Linked Redemption][Fund 
Linked Redemption][Credit Linked Redemption][ETI 
Linked Redemption][Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption][Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption][Hybrid 
Linked 
Redemption][Partly 
Paid][Instalment] (See paragraph [] below) 
 
[Payout Switch: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable:  
[Payout Switch Election: Applicable] 
 
[Automatic Payout Switch: Applicable] 
[Target Switch Payout: Applicable] 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions] 
14. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not applicable] 
15. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put][Issuer Call] [(further particulars 
specified below)][Not applicable] 
16. 
Exchange Rate: 
[If applicable insert rate of exchange and details of 
how and when such rate is to be ascertained] 
17. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non Preferred Notes  
/ Subordinated] 
 [If the Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes insert: 
MREL/TLAC 
Criteria 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
[If the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes insert: 
Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator for Senior 
Preferred Notes: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
18. 
Knock-in Event:66 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]] [Not applicable] 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in 
Range Level: 
[specify]/[FX Knock-in Level]/[Not applicable] 
[If FX Knock-in Level is applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions]. 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
                                                     
66  
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes 
and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 739 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
739 
Knock-in Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition []] 
Knock-in Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/ Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day]in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Day Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition []]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in Determination 
Day]/Not applicable] 
Knock-in Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
19. 
Knock-out Event:67 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not applicable] 
Knock-out Level /Knock-
out Range Level: 
[specify]/[FX Knock-out Level]/[Not applicable] 
[If FX Knock-out Level is applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Knock-out Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition []] 
Knock-out Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition []] [Any time on 
a 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Not applicable] 
                                                     
67  
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes 
and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 740 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
740 
Knock-out Observation 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
20. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
21. 
Hybrid Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
(a) 
The Notes are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a "Type of 
Underlying Reference") set out in the table 
below.  The terms and conditions of the Notes 
will be construed on the basis that in respect 
of each separate Type of Underlying 
Reference, the relevant terms applicable to 
each such separate Type of Underlying 
Reference will apply, as the context admits, 
separately and independently in respect of 
the relevant Type of Underlying Reference[, 
subject as provided in (b) below]. 
 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
 
Type of Underlying Reference 
 
[] 
[See item []] 
 
[] 
[See item []] 
 
[] 
[See item []] 
 
(b) 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which 
is a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the 
relevant Annex and completed in the 
applicable Final Terms) for each Type of 
Underlying 
Reference 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each 
date for valuation (e.g. valuation date, 
averaging date, observation date etc.) which 
is the subject of the Hybrid Notes provisions 
should be expressed to be "[] or if that is not 
a Hybrid Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day"]] 
22. 
Tax Gross-Up: 
[[Condition 6(d) (No Gross-Up) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes / Condition 6(e) 
(No Gross-Up) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes] applicable]/[[Condition 6(d) (No 
Gross-Up) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes / Condition 6(e) (No Gross-Up) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes] not 
applicable] 
 
[PRC Tax: Applicable]68 
                                                     
68  
Not applicable if the Notes are governed by French Law.

--- Page 741 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
741 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
23. 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Interest Period(s): 
[specify] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / FRN / 
None / Not applicable] 
(A Business Day Convention must be specified where 
the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON 
or TONA) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] 
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / FRN / 
None / Not applicable] 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) 
is (are) expressed to be a number of Business Days 
after the relevant Interest Period End Final Date, 
Interest Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same 
Business Day Convention) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Principal Paying Agent/Calculation Agent] 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable / As 
per Conditions] 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify] / [unadjusted] 
Determination Dates: 
[specify] in each year [insert regular payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.] (NB: Only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(Include for Credit Linked Notes where Accrual to 
Redemption is not applicable:) 
[Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event: Applicable] 
Rate of Interest: 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Resettable] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
[Linked Interest] 
Coupon Rate: (Include one 
or more of the following if 
applicable) 
[SPS Fixed Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Variable Amount Coupon applicable:

--- Page 742 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
742 
 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Accrual Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Stellar Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Cappuccino Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Ratchet Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Driver Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
[Sum Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
[Option Max Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Nova Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Transition Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Vanilla Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FX Memory Coupon applicable:

--- Page 743 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
743 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions] (If FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish in "Rate" below 
between the Rate which is FI Rate A and the Rate 
which is FI Rate B)] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Target Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Duration Adjusted Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions]] 
[Rate: 
[[] per cent. [per annum] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined specify 
each such rate)] 
 
[Floating Rate – [Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[FBF Determination] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined 
repeat sub-paragraphs of 27 and 28, as applicable, 
for each such rate)] 
 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
24. 
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 744 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
744 
 
(Specify if more than one fixed rate is to be 
determined) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. [per annum] [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] on each Interest 
Payment Date 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/or] []. Insert particulars of 
any Initial or Final Broken Amounts of interest which 
do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
25. 
Resettable Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum payable [annually/ semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear][Reset Rate plus 
Initial Margin] 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate][Reference Bond Rate][CMT Rate] 
Initial Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
Initial Rate Determination 
Date: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
First Margin: 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[] [and []]/Not applicable] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate][Not 
applicable] 
 
[Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback: Applicable 
 
If applicable: Initial Mid-Swap Rate:[specify]] 
 
[Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
Applicable 
 
If applicable: 
 
Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate: [specify]] 
 
[Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
Applicable] 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[specify]/As defined in Condition 3(f)/Not applicable] 
(Specify the relevant rate if not EURIBOR) 
Reference Bond: 
[[]/Not applicable/As defined in Condition 3(f)] 
[If Reset Rate is Reference Bond Rate: 
[Dealer Quotations Reference Bond Rate]/[Screen 
Page Reference Bond Rate] (If Screen Page 
Reference Bond Rate, specify a Relevant Screen 
Page above and Relevant Time below)

--- Page 745 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
745 
[If Initial Rate of Interest is Reset Rate – Reference 
Bond Rate: 
Initial Reference Bond Rate: [specify]]] 
Reset Determination Date: 
[] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
Relevant Time: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
CMT Rate Maturity: 
[[]/Not applicable] 
Initial CMT Rate: 
[[specify]/Not applicable]  
(specify if Initial Rate of Interest is Reset Rate – CMT 
Rate) 
26. 
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to be 
determined) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
27. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable 
– 
[IBOR]/[BBSW]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SARON]/ 
[TONA]/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Reference Rate: 
[[] 
month] 
[EURIBOR][BBSW][NIBOR][PRIBOR][STIBOR] 
[WIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR][SARON][TONA] 
[] 
 
(Either 
EURIBOR, 
BBSW, 
NIBOR, 
PRIBOR, 
STIBOR, WIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or 
TONA or other, although additional information is 
required if other – [including fallback provisions in the 
Agency Agreement]) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
(Second TARGET2 business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second Sydney 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if BBSW, second Oslo business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if NIBOR, second Prague 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if PRIBOR, second Stockholm business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, second 
Warsaw business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if WIBOR) 
 
[[] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Period End Final Date]

--- Page 746 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
746 
 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA) 
 
[[] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Period End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
 
[[] TARGET2 Business Days prior to each Interest 
Period End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR) 
 
[[] Zurich Banking Days prior to each Interest Period 
End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SARON) 
 
[[] Tokyo Banking Days prior to each Interest Period 
End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA) 
Specified Time: 
[]/[Not applicable] (which will be 11:00 am, Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR, 11:00 am, Sydney 
time, in the case of BBSW, 11:00 am, Oslo time, in 
the case of NIBOR, 11:00 am, Prague time, in the 
case of PRIBOR, 11:00 am, Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR, 11:00 am, Warsaw time, in the case 
of WIBOR) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[][The SOFR Screen Page][ECB Website] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
– 
[Calculation 
Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: [TONA 
Compound: 
[TONA 
Compound 
with 
Lookback]/[TONA 
Compound 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift]] 
– 
[Observation 
Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]/[SONIA 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is €STR: 
[Lag]/[Shift]]] 
– 
Lookback Period: 
[[specify] [London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 
Business 
Days]/[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]/[Tokyo 
Banking 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR 
(where the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR Compound with Lookback), €STR, SARON or 
TONA (where the Calculation Method is TONA 
Compound with Lookback) and ensure that any Early

--- Page 747 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
747 
Redemption Amounts include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest.) 
– 
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
 
[Observation Shift Business Centre(s): [specify]] 
[[specify] Relevant Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA and the 
Calculation Method is TONA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift) 
– 
[SOFR 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean) 
– 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
listed 
in 
Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the English Law Notes or Condition 
3(e)(iii)(3)(D) of the French Law Notes.]] 
– 
[Rate Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR) 
– 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is either SOFR or 
€STR) 
28. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
Reset Date: 
[]] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, the first day of the Interest 
Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
29. 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify relevant terms]] 
30. 
Zero Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 748 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
748 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
Reference Price: 
[] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify] 
31. 
Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[] 
[The [] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]69 
 
[The [] Index is a Custom Index. 
[Asset Class Type: [Equity]/[Commodity] Custom 
Index]]70 
 
[The [] Index is a Connected Third Party Index.]71 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
Screen Page: 
[] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
Observation Date(s): 
[[]/Not applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [ the provisions of Annex 2] will 
apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable]] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (standard election is All Indices Basis) 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
                                                     
69  
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
70  
Specify each Custom Index (if any). 
71  
Specify each Connected Third Party Index (if any).

--- Page 749 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
749 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a) 
the Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
(b) 
the Index Sponsor is []. (In the case of a 
Basket of Indices, repeat in respect of each 
Index) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/[All Exchanges]] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked 
Notes]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash 
Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement 
Price 
Date/during 
the 
Observation 
Period.] [[], being the time specified on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. if no time is specified, the Interest 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
[Force Majeure Event] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
[Hedging Party Default] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[([The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable /Not 
applicable]

--- Page 750 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
750 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Additional provisions 
applicable to Custom 
Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, Condition 9.2 of Index Linked Conditions will 
apply.] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[As per Conditions]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty) 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[] 
(c) 
[Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(d) 
[Scheduled 
Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(N.B. Must match election made for Custom Index 
Business Day) 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[As per the Conditions]/[[], being the time specified 
on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or 
Observation Date as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] 
(f) 
[Custom Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[[]specify]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes)

--- Page 751 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
751 
(g) 
Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[As per Conditions]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty (in the case of a Custom Index that is 
not an Equity Custom Index or a Commodity Custom 
Index), eight (in the case of an Equity Custom Index) 
or five (in the case of a Commodity Custom Index)) 
(h) 
Delayed 
Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Custom 
Index 
Adjustment Event 
[or 
Commodity 
Custom 
Index 
Market Disruption 
Event]: 
[Applicable with a rate of [] per cent. per annum/Not 
applicable] 
32. 
Share Linked/ETI Share Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[ETI Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(In the case of Hybrid Notes which are Share Linked 
Notes and ETI Share Linked Notes, repeat sub-
paragraphs (i) to (xxv) below for Share Linked Notes 
and ETI Linked Notes to which the ETI Share 
Provisions apply, as required) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket of 
Shares/GDR/ADR/ETI 
Interest/Basket of ETI 
Interests: 
[Insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies/ETI Interest(s) and ETI(s)] 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
[Insert GDR/ADR]72 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]73  
[China Connect applicable]74  
Relative Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(Always specify as "Not applicable" where ETI Share 
Linked Notes is specified as applicable) 
ETI Interest/Share 
Currency: 
[specify] 
ISIN of Share(s)/ETI 
Interest(s): 
[specify] 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[specify] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
                                                     
72  
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked 
Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
73  
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to 
Stapled Shares, complete Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s). 
74  
Not applicable for ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 752 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
752 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement 
Price 
Date/during 
the 
Observation 
Period.] [The Interest Valuation Time is [], being the 
time specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time is 
specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable]] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis)/(Per [Share/ETI 
Interest] Basis)/(Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis)] 
(standard election is All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis)/(Per [Share/ETI 
Interest] Basis)/(Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of [Shares/ETI Interests] 
to ascertain the Settlement Price is []. Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment [in 
accordance with Annex [3]/[8]/specify other]]. (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to a Basket of Shares or a Basket of ETI 
Interests)] 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement 
Price 
Date/during 
the 
Observation 
Period.] [The Valuation Time is [], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time is 
specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time)

--- Page 753 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
753 
ETI Interest/Share 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not applicable]/[The following Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [] per cent.] 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[eight] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 754 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
754 
[Applicable/Not applicable]75 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
33. 
Inflation Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) (If more than one 
Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat items (i) to 
(ix) for each such Inflation Rate and, if FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the 
Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and the Inflation Rate 
which is FI Rate B) 
Index: 
[] 
 
[Composite/non Composite] 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[] 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Related Bond: 
[]/Fall Back Bond 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Determination Date: 
[] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
34. 
Commodity Linked Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity Index/ 
Commodity Indices: 
[] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices 
is/are []] 
Pricing Date(s): 
[] 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
                                                     
75  
Only applicable if China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 755 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
755 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[] 
The Price Source is/are [] 
Delivery Date: 
[] / [Not applicable] 
Nearby Month: 
[]/ [Not applicable] 
Specified Price: 
[specify] 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] / [Not 
applicable]. 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) (applicable only to Price Source 
Disruption or Trading Disruption) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 
8]/[Not 
applicable] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
[] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is []]/[Not applicable] 
35. 
Fund Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro 
Fund: 
[Specify Fund/Fund/Fund Index/Fund Indices/Euro 
Fund and ISIN (if any)] 
 
[The 
Fund 
Index 
Sponsor[s] 
of 
the 
Fund 
[Index/Indices] [is/are] []] 
 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
[[The [] Fund is a Euro Fund]  
[The Insurance Company is [specify] 
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website]  
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website]  
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of 
Return is [specify] 
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]/[Paris]] 
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete 
items 35(ii) to (ix) and 35(xi) to (xxiii) below and 
complete items 35(x) and 35(xxiv))] 
[Fund Shares: 
[] 
Fund Documents: 
[As per the Conditions][] 
Fund Business Day: 
[All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Single Fund Share Basis] 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]

--- Page 756 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
756 
(if no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, the 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to ten) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]] 
Hedging Date: 
[] 
[NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[] 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]/[ 
Termination Date: 
[] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is []]/[Not applicable] 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]] 
[Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event: 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
36. 
ETI Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[ETI Share Provisions: [Applicable – see item 32 
(Share Linked/ETI Share Linked Interest Provisions) 
above/Not applicable]] 
 
(If applicable and sub-paragraphs (i) to (xxxi) are not 
required for Hybrid Notes, delete sub-paragraphs (i)

--- Page 757 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
757 
to (xxxi) and complete item 32 (Share Linked/ETI 
Share Linked Interest Provisions) above.) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[] 
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Exchange(s): 
[The 
relevant 
Exchange[s] 
[is/are] 
[]/[Not 
applicable] 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Number of Value 
Publication Days: 
[ calendar days] [ Business Days (as defined in 
Condition 3(f))] 
 
[Additional Financial Centre: [specify]] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Business Days) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[NAV per ETI Interest] 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate: 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [].]

--- Page 758 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
758 
ETI Interest Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify] 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [][eight (8)] Scheduled Trading Days 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
the 
case 
of 
ETI 
Linked 
Notes]/[specify]/[Not applicable] (N.B. Only applicable 
in relation to Cash Settled Notes relating to an ETI 
Basket) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
37. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([each a]/[the] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[]

--- Page 759 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
759 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] (If no time is specified, the time the Price 
Source publishes the relevant rate(s) from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated) 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
FX Knock-in Valuation:76 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable, insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
FX Knock-out Valuation:77 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
38. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable, identify each Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
which is a Multiple Underlying Component Rate) 
Underlying Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
Manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
(Either EURIBOR or other)  
(B) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
                                                     
76  
Only applicable if Knock-in Event is applicable and SPS Knock-in Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 18 accordingly. 
77  
Only applicable if Knock-out Event is applicable and SPS Knock-out Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 19 accordingly.

--- Page 760 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
760 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(C) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(B) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items 38(ii) to 
(viii). 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
39. 
Additional Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 3(f) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 3(f) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as the case 
may be): 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
40. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Amount x [[] per cent.]/[Final Payout] 
 
[As per Credit Linked Conditions and paragraph 51 
(Credit Linked Notes) below] 
41. 
Final Payout: 
[Not applicable] 
[SPS Payouts 
[SPS Fixed Percentage Notes: 
 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes: 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]

--- Page 761 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
761 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[SPS Vanilla Products: 
 
[Vanilla Call Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Put Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Put Spread Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Digital Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[[Knock-in / Knock-out] Vanilla Call Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Range Accrual Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[Asian Products: 
 
[Asian Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Asian Spread Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Himalaya Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Talisman Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[Auto-Callable Products: 
 
[Autocall Notes:

--- Page 762 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
762 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Autocall Standard Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Autocall One Touch Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
 
[Indexation Products: 
 
[Certi Plus: Booster Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Bonus Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Leveraged Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Twin Win Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Super Sprinter Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-out Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Ratchet Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Sum Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Option Max Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Stellar Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]

--- Page 763 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
763 
 
[Driver Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Transition Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
FI Payouts 
[FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Digital Plus Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[FI Inflation Notes: 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Payout 
Conditions.]] 
42. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Underlying 
Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon Automatic 
Early 
Redemption] 
[Standard 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption[–Automatic Early Redemption Event 1]: 
"greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"][Standard Automatic 
Early Redemption – Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2 Applicable: "greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"][SPS 
Target Automatic Early Redemption] 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [and]/[or] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 2] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout: 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
[SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
[SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
[SPS Accumulator AER Payout:

--- Page 764 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
764 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption] 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
[Accrual to Automatic Early Redemption: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption: 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
[(A)] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption [Price] 
[Level][1]: 
[specify] 
[(B)] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
[Price][Level] 2: 
[specify] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage: 
[[] per cent.][Not applicable] 
AER Rate: 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]/[Not 
applicable] 
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
[AER Rate 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
 
[AER Athena up Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[AER CSN Rate 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is 
the interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days 
prior to the Automatic Early Redemption Date)] 
Observation Price Source: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
Underlying Reference 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[Bid 
price]/[Asked price]/Standard Underlying Reference 
Level]/[Not applicable] 
SPS AER Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]: 
 
SPS AER Value 1:

--- Page 765 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
765 
[Insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Conditions] 
 
[SPS AER Value 2: 
[Insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Conditions]] 
AER Event 1 Underlying(s): 
[See item [] below]/[Not applicable] 
AER Event 2 Underlying(s): 
[See item [] below]/[Not applicable] 
AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
43. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[]78 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [] per cent.] 
[SPS Call Payout 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
Notice period: 
Minimum notice period: [] 
 
Maximum notice period: [] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing systems business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the issuer 
and its issuing and paying agent/registrar.) 
44. 
Noteholder Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
                                                     
78  
Specify one or more dates in respect of which the Optional Redemption Amount will be determined following the 
exercise of an Issuer Call Option or describe the process by which such date will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 766 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
766 
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[]79 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [] per cent.] 
[SPS Put Payout 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
Notice period: 
Minimum notice period: [] 
 
Maximum notice period: [] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing systems business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the issuer 
and its issuing and paying agent/registrar.) 
 
 
45. 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
46. 
Index Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[] 
 
[The [] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]80 
 
[The [] Index is a Custom Index. 
[Asset Class Type: [Equity]/[Commodity] Custom 
Index]]81 
 
[The [] Index is a Connected Third Party Index.]82 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per the Conditions][specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
                                                     
79  
Specify one or more dates in respect of which the Optional Redemption Amount will be determined following the 
exercise of a Noteholder Put Option or describe the process by which such date will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
80  
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
81  
Specify each Custom Index (if any). 
82  
Specify each Connected Third Party Index (if any).

--- Page 767 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
767 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable]] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a) 
the Exchange[s] [is/are] []; and 
 
(b) 
the Index Sponsor is []. 
 
(In the case of a Basket of Indices, repeat in respect 
of each Index) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation 
Period.] [[], being the time specified on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. If no time specified, the Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) (N.B. Only 
applicable to Indices other than Custom Indices) 
 
[As per the Conditions]/[] being the time specified on 
the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or 
Observation Date as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be as per the 
Conditions) (N.B. Only applicable to Custom Indices) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/[specify]]

--- Page 768 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
768 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not applicable]/[The following Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
[Force Majeure Event] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
[Hedging Party Default] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Custom Indices) 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
security] is [].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
Additional provisions 
applicable to Custom 
Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, Condition 9.2 of Index Linked Conditions will 
apply.]

--- Page 769 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
769 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[As per Conditions]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty) 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[] 
(c) 
[Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(d) 
[Scheduled 
Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(N.B. Must match election made for Custom Index 
Business Day) 
(e) 
[Custom Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[[]specify]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Commodity Custom 
Index Linked Notes) 
(f) 
Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[As per Conditions]] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to twenty (in the case of a Custom Index that is 
not an Equity Custom Index or a Commodity Custom 
Index), eight (in the case of an Equity Custom Index) 
or five (in the case of a Commodity Custom Index)) 
(g) 
Delayed 
Redemption on the 
Occurrence of 
Custom Index 
Adjustment Event 
[or Commodity 
Custom Index 
Market Disruption 
Event]: 
[Applicable with a rate of [] per cent. per annum /Not 
applicable] 
47. 
Share Linked/ETI Share Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[ETI Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(In the case of Hybrid Notes which are Share Linked 
Notes and ETI Share Linked Notes, repeat sub-
paragraphs (i) to (xxv) below for Share Linked Notes 
and ETI Share Linked Notes to which the ETI Share 
Provisions apply, as required) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR/ETI 
[Insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies/ETI Interest(s) and ETI(s)]

--- Page 770 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
770 
Interest/Basket of ETI 
Interests: 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
[Insert GDR/ADR]83 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]84 
[China Connect applicable]85 
Relative Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(Always specify as "Not applicable" where ETI Share 
Linked Notes is specified as applicable) 
ETI Interest/Share 
Currency: 
[specify] 
ISIN of Share(s)/ETI 
Interest(s): 
[specify] 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[specify] 
Strike Date: 
[] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not applicable].] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
Observation Period: 
[specify/Not applicable] 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis)/(Per [Share/ETI 
Interest] Basis)/(Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis)] 
 
(standard election is All [Shares/ETI Interests] Basis) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All [Shares/ETI Interests]Basis)/(Per [Shares/ETI 
Interest]Basis)/(Single [Shares/ETI Interest]Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
                                                     
83  
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked 
Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
84  
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to 
Stapled Shares, complete Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s). 
85  
Not applicable for ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 771 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
771 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of [Shares/ETI Interests] 
to ascertain the Settlement Price is []. Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment [in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 
[3]/[8]/specify 
other]]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Shares or 
a Basket of ETI Interests)] 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation 
Period.] [The Valuation Time is [], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time). 
ETI Interest/Share 
Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[Not applicable]/[The following Optional 
Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.] 
 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption 
applies] 
 
(b) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
(c) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[].] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(d) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]

--- Page 772 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
772 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[eight] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
[Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]86 
[China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]87 
48. 
Inflation Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
[Composite/non Composite] 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Related Bond: 
[]/Fall Back Bond 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Determination Date: 
[] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
49. 
Commodity Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
                                                     
86  
Not applicable in respect of ETI Linked Notes 
87  
Only applicable if China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 773 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
773 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices: 
[] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices 
is/are []] 
Pricing Date(s): 
[] 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[] 
The Price Source is/are: [] 
Delivery Date: 
[] / [Not applicable] 
Nearby Month: 
[] / [Not applicable] 
Specified Price: 
[specify] 
Exchange(s): 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] / [Not 
applicable] 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 
8]/[Not 
applicable] 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
[] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is []]/[Not applicable] 
50. 
Fund Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
Fund/Fund Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund Indices/Euro 
Fund: 
[Specify 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro Fund] 
 
[The 
Fund 
Index 
Sponsor[s] 
of 
the 
Fund 
[Index/Indices] [is/are] []] 
 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
[The [] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
 
[[The [] Fund is a Euro Fund] 
 
[The Insurance Company is [specify] 
 
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website] 
 
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website] 
 
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of 
Return is [specify] 
 
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]/[Paris]]

--- Page 774 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
774 
 
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete 
items 50(ii) to (x) and 50(xii) to (xxiii) below and 
complete items 50(xi) and 50(xxiv))] 
[Fund Share(s): 
[] 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Fund Business Day: 
[All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis]/[Single Fund Share Basis] 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(if no Maximum Days of Disruption are specified, the 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be ten) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify]] 
Hedging Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
[AUM Level: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[] 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[] 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[] 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify] 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions] 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprises the Fund Basket is []]/[Not applicable] 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[specify]]] 
[Redemption on 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event: 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount are applicable:

--- Page 775 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
775 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
51. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[(A) Combination Credit Linked 
Notes: Credit Component 1: 
[Principal Component/Interest Component/Principal 
and Interest Component] (Include if principal and 
interest 
have 
different 
credit-linkage, 
delete 
otherwise) 
[Component Percentage: []%] (Include if portions of 
principal and/or interest have different credit linkage)] 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
(Specify all that apply) 
 
Single 
Reference 
Entity 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Nth-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [] 
M: [[]/Not applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 [Distribution End Date: [] 
[Distribution 
Period 
Redemption/Redemption 
at 
Maturity/Distribution Period Event Determination Date 
Disapplication] applicable. ] 
Tranched CLN:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Attachment Point: [] 
Exhaustion Point: [] 
Incurred Recoveries: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linkage
 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms] 
(Delete if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Notes: 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked Notes are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities)] 
Transaction Type:
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European Corporate/Standard European Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
American 
Corporate 
BL/Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial]

--- Page 776 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
776 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[]/[Not 
applicable] 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount/Reference 
Entity 
Weighting:] 
(Specify 
amount or weighting)
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)] []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Reference Obligation(s):
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable): 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date of Final 
Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Final Terms for 
information) 
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)]: 
 
Primary Obligor: [] 
 
Guarantor: [] 
 
Maturity: [] 
 
Coupon: [] 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: [] 
 
Original Issue Amount: [] 
 
/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As 
specified in the Relevant Annex]  
Credit Linked Interest Only 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item) 
Credit-Linked 
Principal 
Only Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item)   
Terms relating to Credit Event 
Settlement
 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement

--- Page 777 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
777 
/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero 
Recovery] 
 
Principal Protection Level: [[]%/Not applicable] (May 
be deleted if principal protection is not applicable) 
 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical Settlement/Not applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Fallback Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Settlement at Maturity:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Settlement Currency:
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/[] 
Miscellaneous Credit Terms
 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: []] 
Merger Type: [Reference Entity/Holders Merger] 
[Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]]

--- Page 778 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
778 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date:  
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/The date 
that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date/Issue 
Date/[]] 
Credit Observation Period 
End Date:
[Applicable: []/Not applicable] 
CoCo Supplement:
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the Exhibit to the 
Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As 
per the Credit Linked Note Conditions]]  
LPN Reference Entities 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable: 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not applicable/As 
specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]]] 
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event:
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest Period 
End Date/Event Determination Date] 
Interest 
following 
Scheduled Maturity:
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable] 
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linked Calculation Basis: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Excluded Items: [Item 12 (Final Payout) (Include Item 
12 (Final Payout) as an Excluded Item where the Final 
Payout overrides Item 35 (Credit Linked Note 
Provisions))] []] (Delete if not applicable) 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Credit 
Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Bonus Coupon Rate: [] 
Outstanding 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Rate 
Method: 
[Standard/Averaging] 
Bonus Coupon Accrual Basis: [Running Basis/Final 
Payment]

--- Page 779 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
779 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[]/Final 
Settlement Date only] 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction: [] 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date: [] [e.g. Two 
Business Days prior to Bonus Coupon Payment Date] 
Bonus Coupon Attachment Point: [] 
 
Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point: [] 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size: []] 
Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Note Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Disruption 
redemption 
basis: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value/Monetisation Option]] 
Change in Standard Terms 
and Market Conventions:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Additional 
Credit 
Provisions:
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[(B) Combination Credit Linked Notes: 
Credit Component 2:
[Principal Component/Interest Component/Principal 
and Interest Component] (Include if principal and 
interest 
have 
different 
credit-linkage, 
delete 
otherwise) 
[Component Percentage: []%] (Include if portions of 
principal and/or interest have different credit linkage) 
(a) 
[Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
(Specify all that apply) 
 
Single 
Reference 
Entity 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Nth-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [] 
M: [[]/Not applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Basket Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Distribution End Date: [] 
[Distribution 
Period 
Redemption/Redemption 
at 
Maturity/Event Determination Date Disapplication] 
applicable.] 
Tranched CLN:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable)

--- Page 780 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
780 
[Attachment Point: [] 
Exhaustion Point: [] 
Incurred Recoveries: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
Credit Linkage
 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms] 
(Delete if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Notes: 
Relevant Annex: [] 
Index Sponsor: []] (Include if Credit Linked Notes are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities)] 
Transaction Type:
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European Corporate/Standard European Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
American 
Corporate 
BL/Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/[]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex]  
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[]/[Not 
applicable] 
[Reference Entity Notional 
Amount/Reference 
Entity 
Weighting:] 
(Specify 
amount or weighting)
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)] []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Reference Obligation(s):
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[[With respect to []: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)]:

--- Page 781 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
781 
[Standard Reference Obligation as at the date of the 
Final Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Final Terms 
for information) 
 
Primary Obligor: [] 
 
Guarantor: [] 
 
Maturity: [] 
 
Coupon: [] 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: [] 
 
Original Issue Amount: [] 
 
/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/ As 
specified in the Relevant Annex] 
Credit Linked Interest Only 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Do not apply for Hybrid Credit Linked Notes, where 
exclusion of credit linkage is expressed as an 
Excluded Item) 
Credit-Linked 
Principal 
Only Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusion of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item) 
Terms relating to Credit Event 
Settlement
 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Zero Recovery] 
Principal Protection Level: [[]%/Not applicable] (May 
be deleted if principal protection is not applicable) 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions]  
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable)  
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method)]  
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical Settlement/Not applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: []%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: []/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions

--- Page 782 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
782 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: []/As per the 
Credit Linked Notes Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Fallback Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: []/As per the Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions] 
(Include 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
Credit Unwind Costs
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
Settlement at Maturity:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Settlement Currency:
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/[]] 
Miscellaneous Credit Terms
 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: []] 
Merger Type: [Reference Entity/Holders Merger] 
[Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date:  
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/The date 
that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date/Issue 
Date/[]] 
Credit Observation Period 
End Date:
[Applicable: []/Not applicable]  
CoCo Supplement:
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex] 
(Delete below if not applicable)] 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the Exhibit to the 
Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As 
per the Credit Linked Note Conditions]]  
LPN Reference Entities 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable: 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not applicable/As 
specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified 
in the Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type]] 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]]] 
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event:
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest Period 
End Date/Event Determination Date] 
Interest 
following 
Scheduled Maturity:
[Deposit Rate/[]/Not applicable]

--- Page 783 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
783 
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linked Calculation Basis: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Excluded Items: []] (Delete if not applicable) 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Credit 
Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Bonus Coupon Rate: [] 
Outstanding 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Rate 
Method: 
[Standard/Averaging] 
Bonus Coupon Accrual Basis: [Running Basis/Final 
Payment] 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[]/Final 
Settlement Date only] 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction: [] 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date: [] [e.g. Two 
Business Days prior to Bonus Coupon Payment Date] 
Bonus Coupon Attachment Point: [] 
Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point: [] 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size: []] 
Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Note Disruption Events:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Disruption 
redemption 
basis: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value/Monetisation Option]] 
Change in Standard Terms 
and Market Conventions:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Additional 
Credit 
Provisions:
[[]/Not applicable] 
52. 
ETI Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[ETI Share Provisions: [Applicable – see item 47 
(Share 
Linked/ETI 
Share 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount) above/Not applicable] 
(If applicable and sub-paragraphs (i) to (xxxi) are not 
required for Hybrid Notes, delete sub-paragraphs (i) 
to (xxxi) and complete item 47 (Share Linked/ETI 
Share Linked Redemption Amount) above.) 
(i) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[]

--- Page 784 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
784 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(iii) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(iv) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
The 
relevant 
Exchange[s] 
[is/are] 
[]. 
[Not 
applicable] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(viii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(standard election is All ETI Interest Basis) 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(x) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Hedging Date: 
[] 
(xiii) 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
(xiv) 
Value 
per 
ETI 
Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
(xv) 
Number 
of 
Value 
Publication Days: 
[[] calendar days]/[[] Value Business Days (as 
defined in Condition 3(f))] 
 
[Value Business Day Centre: [specify] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Value Business 
Days)] 
(xvi) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
(xvii) 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
(xviii) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
(xix) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
(xx) 
Market Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption shall be equal 
to []/[eight] Scheduled Trading Days] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
(xxi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]]

--- Page 785 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
785 
(xxii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(xxiii) 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is []. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of ETI Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to an ETI Basket)] 
(xxiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation 
Period.] [The Valuation Time is [], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time). 
(xxv) 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [].] 
(xxvi) 
ETI 
Interest 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(xxvii) Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination 
Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify] 
(xxviii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(xxix) 
Termination Date: 
[] 
(xxx) 
[Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
(xxxi) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
53. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[] 
(i) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([each 
a]/[the] 
"Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(v) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to five) 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 786 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
786 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(viii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(xiii) 
Provisions for determining 
redemption amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[] 
(xiv) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protection Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Specified Denomination] 
(xv) 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable]/[(The following Optional Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xvi) 
FX Knock-in Valuation:88 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable, insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(xvii) 
FX Knock-out Valuation:89 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable, insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
                                                     
88  
Only applicable if Knock-in Event is applicable and SPS Knock-in Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 18 accordingly. 
89  
Only applicable if Knock-out Event is applicable and SPS Knock-out Valuation is not applicable.  Complete relevant 
prompts in paragraph 19 accordingly.

--- Page 787 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
787 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
54. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[] 
(i) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
(ii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
(Either EURIBOR or other) 
(B) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(C) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(B) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(iv) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
(v) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(vi) 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language:  
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items 53(ii) to 
(vii).

--- Page 788 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
788 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
55. 
Events 
of 
Default 
for 
Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If Applicable, specify one or more Events of Default 
below) 
Non-payment: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Breach 
of 
other 
obligations: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Insolvency 
(or 
other 
similar 
proceeding): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
56. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
57. 
Early Redemption Amount(s)90: 
[Article 45b2(b) BRRD: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Final Redemption Amount] 
 
[Calculation Amount Percentage: Calculation Amount 
x [] per cent]91 
 
[Amortised Face Amount 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: [] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: [] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: []] 
 
[Market Value less Costs] 
[Max of Calculation Amount Percentage and Market 
Value less Costs: 
Calculation Amount Percentage: Calculation Amount 
x [] per cent]92 
[Max of Amortised Face Amount and Market Value 
less Costs: 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: [] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: [] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: [] 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Percentage: [] per cent.] 
58. 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery:93 
[Applicable/Physical 
Delivery 
Option 
[1/2/3]/Not 
applicable] 
(i) 
Entitlement in relation to 
each Note: 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note is: 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying applicable: 
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] 
 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
 
Redemption Payout: 
 
[] 
 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
                                                     
90  
If the Calculation Methods are different for different Early Redemption Events (as defined in Condition 5(g) of the 
English Law Notes and French Law Notes) specify all Calculation Methods that apply. 
91  
If the percentage varies depending on the relevant period, specify the applicable percentages and periods. 
92  
If the percentage varies depending on the relevant period, specify the applicable percentages and periods. 
93  
Not applicable to Commodity Linked Notes or Credit Linked Notes and to French Law Notes.

--- Page 789 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
789 
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] 
 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
 
Redemption Payout: 
 
[] 
 
SPS Valuation Date: [] 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] 
 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
 
Redemption Payout: 
 
[] 
 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of Accumulator Underlying: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[Rounding and Residual Amount: [As per Payout 
Condition 
1.4(e)(i)]/[Delivery 
of 
Accumulator 
Underlying]] 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset to which the 
Notes relate [is/are] [][Not applicable]. 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[As specified in Condition 4(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the [English Law Notes] [French Law 
Notes]] 
(iv) 
Settlement 
Business 
Day(s): 
[specify] 
(v) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Not applicable/specify]] 
(vi) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Notes - Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable 
to certain Share or ETI Linked Notes. Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Notes) 
59. 
Variation of Settlement: 
 
(i) 
[Issuer's option to vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date and 
the provisions of Condition 4(b)(B)(ii) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the [English Law Notes][French 
Law Notes] will apply to the Notes./The Issuer will 
procure delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the 
Notes and the provisions of Condition 4(b)(B)(ii) of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
[English 
Law 
Notes][French Law Notes] will not apply to the Notes.]

--- Page 790 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
790 
60. 
CNY Payment Disruption Event:94 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[Postponement: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[Payment of Equivalent Amount: [Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency: [specify] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source: [specify] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
61. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
New Global Note:95 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes only upon 
an Exchange Event]. 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date.]] 
 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes only upon 
an Exchange Event.] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Registered 
Global 
Note 
(U.S.$[] 
nominal 
amount)/Registered Notes in definitive form (specify 
nominal amounts)]  
 
[Dematerialised Notes 
 
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/ 
[fully/administered] Registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif [pur/administré])].]96 
62. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Days for the purposes of 
Condition 4(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 4(b) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as the case 
may be: 
[Not applicable/give details] (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment and not the end dates 
of interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 39 relates. 
All relevant Financial Centre(s) (including the location 
of the relevant agent(s)) should be included other than 
TARGET2) 
63. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made] / [No] 
64. 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes: amount of each payment 
[Not applicable/give details] 
                                                     
94  
Not applicable if the Notes are governed by French Law. 
95  
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the Section in 0 under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility". 
96  
Insert as applicable where the Notes are French Law Notes.

--- Page 791 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
791 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to 
be made and, if different from those 
specified in the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note or Permanent Bearer 
Global Note, consequences of 
failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment: 
65. 
Details relating to Notes 
redeemable in instalments: amount 
of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Notes are redeemable in instalments and 
[Instalment Adjustment]/[OCA Instalment Adjustment] 
is [applicable/not applicable]] 
(i) 
[Instalment Amounts: 
[] 
[Instalment Percentage: [] per cent.] (specify 
Instalment Percentage in respect of each Instalment 
Date, if different) 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[]] 
66. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 7 of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
[English 
Law 
Notes][French Law Notes]] apply] 
67. 
Masse (Condition 12 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes):97 
[Not applicable]98/[[Contractual representation of 
Noteholders/No Masse99]/[Full Masse100]/[Contractual 
Masse101] shall apply.]] 
 
(If Condition 12(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes (Full Masse) or Condition 12(c) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
(Contractual Masse) applies, insert details of 
Representative and alternate Representative and its 
remuneration, if applicable) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[]] 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration./The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [].] 
68. 
Governing law: 
[English law]. [Condition [2(a)/2(b)] is governed by 
French law.]102 
[French law] 
69. 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
                                                     
97  
Applicable for French Law Notes only. 
98  
Specify "Not applicable" if the Notes are English-law governed. 
99  
Please elect Condition 12(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (Contractual representation of 
Noteholders/No Masse) in respect of any Tranche or Series of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only 
be traded in amounts of, at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency at the time of issue). 
100  
Please elect Condition 12(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (Full Masse) in respect of any 
Tranche or Series of Notes issued (a) in France and (b) with an initial denomination (and which can be traded in 
amounts of), of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency at the time of issue). 
101  
Please elect Condition 12(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (Contractual Masse) in respect of 
any Tranche or Series of Notes (a) issued outside France and (b) with an initial denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency at the time of issue). 
102  
Applicable for English law Notes only.

--- Page 792 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
792 
70. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] of Managers 
[and underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material features)] 
(specifying Lead Manager): 
[Not applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription 
Agreement]: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager (if 
any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[specify/Not applicable] 
71. 
Total commission and concession: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
72. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA Not applicable] 
73. 
Additional Canadian selling 
restrictions: 
[Not applicable/[]] 
74. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not applicable/[]] 
 
[Include or annex additional terms and conditions as 
required] 
75. 
United States Tax Considerations 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for the 
purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986] [The Notes may be Specified 
Securities for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. If the Notes are 
Specified Securities, then the following provisions will 
apply]. 
[Additional 
information 
regarding 
the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available from [give names and address(es) of Issuer 
Contact]. [The Issuer will arrange for withholding 
under Section 871(m) to be imposed on any dividend 
equivalent payment at a rate of 30 per cent.]]  
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has 
not determined whether the Notes are Specified 
Securities for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicating 
it considers that they will [not] be Specified Securities 
for these purposes.  This is indicative information 
only subject to change and if the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice of 
such determination.  Please contact [give name(s)] 
and address(s) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes.]]  
(The Notes will not be Specified Securities if they 
(i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not 
"delta-one" for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains 
any component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the 
Notes reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities 
and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide

--- Page 793 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
793 
a return that does not differ significantly from the 
return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are 
issued on or after 1 January 2023, further analysis 
would be required.) 
[Payments on the Specified Securities are calculated 
by reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Security, the parties agree 
that in calculating the relevant payment amount the 
Issuer has withheld, and the purchaser is deemed to 
have received 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent 
payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) 
in respect of the relevant [U.S. securities/U.S. 
dividend paying index components]. The Issuer will 
not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed 
withheld.  
For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the 
dividends paid by an issuer of a security net of 30 per 
cent. US federal withholding tax. 
For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net 
total return of the US source dividend paying 
components, as calculated by the Index Sponsor, of 
an index that reinvests US source dividends paid by 
an issuer of a security that is a component of the index 
net of 30 per cent. US withholding tax on such US 
source dividends.] 
76. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Retail 
Investors: 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the 
EEA and as a result no key document is required 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation.) 
[Applicable, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which 
a key information document will be made available] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the 
EEA, except in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key 
information document will be made available.) 
[Not applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the 
EEA and either (i) a key information document is not 
required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or (ii) the 
Notes will only be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to retail investors in the EEA in the 
jurisdiction(s) where a key information document will 
be made available.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are not being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the UK 
and as a result no key information document is 
required pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation.)

--- Page 794 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
794 
[Not applicable] 
(Insert if the Notes are being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the UK 
and either (i) a key information document is not 
required pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation or (ii) 
the Notes will only be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to retail investors in the UK where a key 
information document will be made available.) 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The information included in [the Annex] (the "[] Information") consists of extracts from or summaries 
of information that is publicly available in respect of []. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced from information published by [].] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ____________________________  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 795 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
795 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the 
[professional 
segment 
of] 
the 
Euro 
MTF 
Market]/[Specify market – which should not be a 
regulated market]] [Not applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[] [Not applicable] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected 
to be] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies).] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider: 
 
[] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") 
or under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
[The Notes have not been rated.] 
3. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – Performance of Rates 
[Details 
of 
the 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/BBSW/NIBOR/PRIBOR/STIBOR/WIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/TONA/o
ther rate as specified] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of means of obtaining the details of performance].] [Not 
applicable] 
4. 
[Performance of Index/ Share/ Commodity/ Inflation/ Foreign Exchange Rate/ Fund/ 
Reference Entity/ Entities/ ETI Interest/ Underlying Interest Rate and Other Information 
concerning the Underlying Reference or Reference Rate 
[Need to include details of where past and further performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/commodity/rates/reference entity/fund/other variables can be obtained.]  
[Where the underlying is an index not composed by the Issuer, need to include details of 
where the information about the index can be obtained. Where the underlying is a security 
need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN or equivalent identification 
number. Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, need to include the relevant 
weightings of each underlying in the basket.]

--- Page 796 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
796 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, 
endorse or recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
5. 
[Reasons for the offer103 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(ii) 
[Common Code: 
[]] 
(iii) 
[CFI: 
[]] 
(iv) 
[FISN: 
[]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than [Euroclear France]104 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg approved by 
the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
applicable/Central 
Moneymarkets 
Unit/CDS/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[CUSIP: Not applicable/[]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
(viii) 
[CMU Instrument No.: 
Not applicable/[]] 
(ix) 
[CMU Lodging Agent: 
Not applicable/[]] 
(x) 
[CMU Paying Agent: 
Not applicable/[]] 
(xi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:105 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safe-
keeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-
keeper,)]106 and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  [Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safe-keeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safe-keeper)]107.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
                                                     
103  
Disclosure in respect of reasons for the offer is optional as it is not required for Exempt Offers. 
104 
In relation to French Law Notes only. 
105  
See Part A - 57 "Form of Notes - New Global Note". 
106  
Include for Registered Notes only. 
107  
Include for Registered Notes only.

--- Page 797 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
797 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]108] 
(xii) 
Name and address of 
Registration Agent:109 
[Not applicable]/[] 
                                                     
108  
Not applicable to French Law Notes. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that French Law Notes in dematerialised form are 
capable of meeting them then French Law Notes will satisfy the relevant requirements. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that French Law Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
109  
In relation to French Law Registered Notes only.

--- Page 798 ---
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
798 
ANNEX 
ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES

--- Page 799 ---
TAXATION 
 
799 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in France, Hong Kong and the 
United States as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and/or 
interpretation thereof (potentially with retroactive effect). The following summary does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should 
consult its tax adviser as to each of the French, the Hong Kong and the U.S. tax consequences as 
applicable of any investment in or ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
EU Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
"Commission's Proposal") for a FTT to be adopted in certain participating EU Member States 
(including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's Proposal 
was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the Issuer) 
in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modifications of derivative 
contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments).  
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted 
based on the Commission's proposal.  Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative 
contract in the context of the Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such 
as the Notes) or the physical settlement of a Note. The Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass 
on any such tax liabilities to Noteholders of the Notes and therefore this may result in investors receiving 
less than expected in respect of the Notes.  It should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in 
relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Notes (including secondary market 
transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is adopted based on the 
Commission's Proposal. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 
1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is however some uncertainty in relation to the intended 
scope of this exemption for certain money market instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and/or participating EU Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
At the ECOFIN Council meeting of 14 June 2019, a state of play of the work on the FTT was presented 
on the basis of a note prepared by Germany on 7 June 2019 indicating a consensus among the 
participating member states (excluding Estonia) to continue negotiations on the basis of a joint French-
German proposal based on the French financial transactions tax model which in principle would only 
concern shares of listed companies whose head office is in a member state of the European Union. 
However, such proposal is still subject to change until a final approval. 
No Gross-Up in respect of certain Series of Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(d) of the English Law Notes or Condition 6(e) of 
the French Law Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer is not obliged 
to gross up any payments in respect of the Notes and shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay 
any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, 
presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the 
Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required 
to be made, paid, withheld or deducted.

--- Page 800 ---
FRENCH TAXATION 
800 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The descriptions below are intended as a summary of certain French withholding tax and transfer tax 
consequences in relation to the holding of the Notes. This summary is based on the laws and regulations 
in full force and effect in France as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change 
in the future, potentially with retroactive effect. Potential purchasers of Notes are advised to consult 
their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax advisors as to the tax consequences 
of any investment in, or ownership of, the Notes. 
Withholding taxes on payments with respect to Notes issued by BNPP 
Withholding taxes on payments made by BNPP as Issuer outside France 
The description below may be relevant to Noteholders who do not concurrently hold shares of BNPP. 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject 
to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code Général des Impôts unless 
such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts (a "Non-
Cooperative State") other than those mentioned in 2 of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such 
payments under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those 
mentioned in 2 of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts, a 75 per cent. 
withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions 
of an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code Général des Impôts. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code Général des Impôts, interest and other 
revenues on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or 
accrued to persons established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with 
a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the "Deductibility Exclusion"). 
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be recharacterised 
as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code Général des Impôts, in 
which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set 
out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code Général des Impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for 
payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income 
tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code Général des Impôts (i.e. 
25 per cent. for fiscal years starting from 1 January 2022) for payments benefiting legal persons who 
are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-
Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2 of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code 
Général des Impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of 
the French Code Général des Impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other revenues relate 
to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion 
will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of 
such issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest and other revenues to be made 
in a Non-Cooperative State (the "Exception"). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques 
– Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no. 150 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 no. 290, an issue of Notes will
benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of
such issue of Notes if such Notes are:
(a)
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code
Monétaire et Financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory, or pursuant to
an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document
by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or
(b)
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider
or any other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or

--- Page 801 ---
FRENCH TAXATION 
801 
(c)
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities
delivery and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French
Code Monétaire et Financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State.
Withholding taxes on payments made by BNPP as Issuer to individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled in France 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of 
the French Code Général des Impôts subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar revenues 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 
12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of 
the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) 
are also levied by way of withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and similar 
revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject 
to certain exceptions. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Notes which may be settled or redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of certain French listed shares (or certain assimilated securities) or securities 
representing such shares (and assimilated securities). 
Pursuant to Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code Général des Impôts, a financial transaction tax (the 
"French FTT") is applicable, subject to certain exceptions, to any acquisition for consideration resulting 
in a transfer of ownership of (i) an equity security (titre de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A of the 
French Code Monétaire et Financier or an assimilated equity security (titre de capital assimilé) as 
defined by Article L.211-41 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier, admitted to trading on a 
recognised stock exchange when such security is issued by a company whose registered office is 
situated in France and whose market capitalisation exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year 
preceding the year in which the imposition occurs (the "French Shares") or (ii) a security (titre) 
representing such French Shares (irrespective of the location of the registered office of the issuer of 
such security). The French FTT could apply in certain circumstances to the acquisition of French Shares 
(or securities representing French Shares) in connection with the settlement or redemption of any 
Notes. 
The rate of the French FTT is 0.3 per cent. of the acquisition value of the French Shares (or the 
securities representing the French Shares).  
If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of French Shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer 
taxes (droits de mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale of 
shares issued by a company whose registered office is situated in France, provided that in case of 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, transfer taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced 
by a written deed or agreement.

--- Page 802 ---
HONG KONG TAXATION 
 
802 
HONG KONG TAXATION 
Withholding Tax 
No withholding tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of payments of principal or interest on the Notes 
or in respect of any capital gains arising from the sale of the Notes. 
Profits Tax 
Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in 
Hong Kong in respect of assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, 
profession or business (excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets). 
Under the Inland Revenue Ordinance (Cap. 112) of Laws of Hong Kong (the "Inland Revenue 
Ordinance") as it is currently applied by the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, interest on the 
Notes may be deemed to be profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from a trade, profession or 
business carried on in Hong Kong in the following circumstances: 

interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a corporation, 
carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong;  

interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a person, 
other than a corporation, carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong and is in 
respect of the funds of that trade, profession or business; 

interest on the Notes is received by or accrues to a financial institution (as defined in the Inland 
Revenue Ordinance) and arises through or from carrying on by the financial institution of its 
business in Hong Kong; or 

interest on the Notes is received by or accrues to a corporation, other than a financial institution, 
and arises through or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by the corporation of its intra-group 
financing business (within the meaning of section 16(3) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance). 
Pursuant to the Exemption from Profits Tax (Interest Income) Order, interest income accruing to a 
person other than a financial institution on deposits (denominated in any currency and whether or not 
the deposit is evidenced by a certificate of deposit) placed with, inter alia, an authorised institution in 
Hong Kong (within the meaning of section 2 of the Banking Ordinance) are exempt from the payment 
of Hong Kong profits tax. Provided no prospectus with respect to the issue of Notes is registered under 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of the Laws of Hong 
Kong, the issue of Notes by the Issuer is expected to constitute a deposit to which the above exemption 
from payment will apply. 
Sums received by or accrued to a financial institution by way of gains or profits arising through or from 
the carrying on by the financial institution of its business in Hong Kong from the sale, disposal and 
redemption of Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax. 
Sums derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of Notes in bearer form will be subject to Hong 
Kong profits tax where received by or accrued to a person, other than a financial institution, who carries 
on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong and the sum has a Hong Kong source unless otherwise 
exempted. 
Sums received by or accrued to a corporation (other than a financial institution) by way of gains or 
profits arising through or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by the corporation of its intra-group 
financing business (within the meaning of section 16(3) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance) from the 
sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax.  Similarly, such 
sums in respect of Notes in registered form received by or accrued to either the aforementioned financial 
institution, person and/or corporation will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax if such sums have a Hong 
Kong source. 
The source of such sums will generally be determined by having regard to the manner in which the 
Notes are acquired and disposed. 
Stamp Duty 
Stamp duty will not be payable on the issue of Notes in bearer form provided either: 
(i) 
such Bearer Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong and 
are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or

--- Page 803 ---
HONG KONG TAXATION 
 
803 
(ii) 
such Bearer Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 117) 
of the Laws of Hong Kong (the "Stamp Duty Ordinance")). 
If stamp duty is payable, it is payable by the Issuer on the issue of Notes in bearer form at a rate of 3 
per cent. of the market value of the Notes at the time of issue. 
No stamp duty will be payable on any subsequent transfer of Notes in bearer form. 
No stamp duty is payable on the issue of Notes in registered form.  Stamp duty may be payable on any 
transfer of Notes in registered form if the relevant transfer is required to be registered in Hong Kong. 
Stamp duty will, however, not be payable on any transfer of Notes in registered form provided that 
either: 
(i) 
the Notes in registered form are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong 
Kong and are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
the Notes in registered form constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance). 
If stamp duty is payable in respect of the transfer of Notes in registered form, it will be payable at the 
rate of 0.26 per cent. (of which 0.13 per cent. is payable by each of the seller and the purchaser) 
normally by reference to its value or the consideration, whichever is higher.  If, in the case of either the 
sale or purchase of such Notes in registered form, stamp duty is not paid, both the seller and the 
purchaser may be liable jointly and severally to pay any unpaid stamp duty and also any penalties for 
late payment.  If stamp duty is not paid on or before the due date (two days after the sale or purchase 
if effected in Hong Kong, or 30 days if effected elsewhere) a penalty of up to ten times the duty payable 
may be imposed.  In addition, stamp duty is payable at the fixed rate of HK$5.00 on each instrument of 
transfer executed in relation to any transfer of the Notes in registered form if the relevant transfer is 
required to be registered in Hong Kong.

--- Page 804 ---
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
 
804 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") treats a "dividend equivalent" 
payment as a dividend from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. 
U.S. withholding tax which may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other 
U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute 
dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly 
or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources 
within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that 
(directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from 
sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially 
similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and 
applicable guidance (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") require withholding on certain non-U.S. 
holders of Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments. Under the Section 
871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the 
underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to 
the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Note a "Specified Security"). Certain exceptions 
to this withholding requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices.  
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made 
on, or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified Security.  If the underlying 
U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, 
withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments 
explicitly linked to dividends. The Issuer intends to withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on 
the Notes in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any 
exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable 
tax treaty with the United States).  The Issuer is unable to apply such an exemption from, or reduction 
in, such withholding because many central securities depositories do not provide identifying information 
regarding the beneficial owners of any Specified Security and the Issuer does not expect that the 
relevant clearing system(s) clearing such Specified Securities will provide such information. If the 
beneficial owner of a payment is entitled to a reduced rate of withholding under a tax treaty, this may 
result in over-withholding and the beneficial owner may not be able to obtain a refund. Furthermore, the 
Issuer will not be able to assist in any refund claims.  If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines 
that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  Holders entitled to a reduced rate of 
withholding should consult their tax advisers regarding an investment in any Specified Securities. 
Pursuant to IRS guidance, a Note issued prior to 1 January 2023 that does not have a "delta" of one 
with respect to underlying Notes that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes generally will not be considered a Specified Security subject to the Section 871(m) 
Regulations.  If the terms of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax 
purposes), the Note generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification 
for purposes of determining, based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is 
a Specified Security. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for 
U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS 
could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are Specified Securities as the 
date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope Note, might be 
treated as a Specified Security following such modification or further issuance. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are Specified 
Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to such Notes. The applicable Final Terms will also indicate if payments on a series 
of Specified Securities are calculated by reference to "Net Dividends" (i.e., the dividends paid by an 
issuer of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S. federal withholding tax) or "Net Total Returns" (i.e., the net 
total return of the U.S. source dividend paying components, as calculated by the relevant Index 
Sponsor, of an index that reinvests U.S. source dividends paid by an issuer of a security that is a 
component of the index net of 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on such U.S. source dividends). A non-
U.S. holder of such Specified Securities should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any 
underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities.  The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders 
of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex

--- Page 805 ---
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
 
805 
calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific 
issue of Notes may be uncertain.

--- Page 806 ---
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
 
806 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, withholding may be required 
on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign financial institutions" ("foreign passthru 
payments") and (ii) dividend equivalent payments in respect of a Specified Security (as described 
above in "U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements.  The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date would be "grandfathered" for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. The grandfathering date for 
(A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date 
on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the 
Federal Register, and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of 
the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the date on 
which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional Notes 
(as described under "Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from such previously issued 
grandfathered Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 807 ---
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
 
807 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
restrictions on employee benefit plans that are subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title 
I of ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose 
underlying assets include the assets of any such plans (collectively, "ERISA Plans") and on persons 
who are fiduciaries with respect to these ERISA Plans.  In accordance with ERISA's general fiduciary 
requirements, a fiduciary with respect to an ERISA Plan who is considering the purchase of Notes on 
behalf of the ERISA Plan should determine whether the purchase is permitted under the governing 
ERISA Plan documents and is prudent and appropriate for the ERISA Plan in view of its overall 
investment policy and the composition and diversification of its portfolio.  Section 406 of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), prohibit certain 
transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan (as well as those plans that are not subject to Title 
I of ERISA but which are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts 
("IRAs") or Keogh plans (together with any entities whose underlying assets include the assets of any 
such plans or accounts and with ERISA Plans, "Plans")) and persons who have certain specified 
relationships to the Plan ("parties in interest" within the meaning of ERISA or "disqualified persons" 
within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code).  A party in interest or disqualified person who engages 
in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under 
ERISA and/or the Code.  A fiduciary of a Plan (including the owner of an IRA) that engages in a 
prohibited transaction may also be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. 
BNPP, directly or through its Affiliates, may be considered a "party in interest" or a "disqualified person" 
with respect to many Plans.  The purchase of Notes by a Plan with respect to which BNPP is a party in 
interest or a disqualified person may constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions 
of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending in part 
on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such Notes and the circumstances under 
which such decision is made.  Included among these exemptions are Prohibited Transaction Class 
Exemption ("PTCE") 84-14 (an exemption for certain transactions determined by an independent 
qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 91-38 (an exemption for certain transactions involving 
bank collective investment funds), PTCE 90-1 (an exemption for certain transactions involving 
insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTCE 95-60 (an exemption for certain transactions 
involving insurance company general accounts), and PTCE 96-23 (an exemption for certain 
transactions determined by an in-house asset manager).  In addition, the exemption under Section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code may be available, provided (i) none of BNPP 
or any Dealers or affiliates or employees thereof is a Plan fiduciary that has or exercises any 
discretionary authority or control with respect to the Plan's assets used to purchase the Notes or renders 
investment advice with respect to those assets and (ii) the Plan is paying no more than adequate 
consideration for the Notes.  There can be no assurance that any of these exemptions or any other 
exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes.  Any Plan 
fiduciary (including the owner of an IRA) considering the purchase of Notes should consider carefully 
the possibility of prohibited transactions and the availability of exemptions.   
Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 
3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 
406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to local, state, other federal 
or non-U.S. laws or regulations that are substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA 
and/or Section 4975 of the Code ("Similar Law").  Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with 
their counsel before purchasing any Notes to determine the need for, if necessary, and the availability 
of, any exemptive relief under any Similar Law.  ANY PENSION OR OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLAN, INCLUDING ANY SUCH GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN AND ANY 
INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, PROPOSING TO ACQUIRE ANY NOTES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH ITS COUNSEL BEFORE PURCHASING ANY NOTES. 
Accordingly, by its purchase of any Notes (or any interest therein), the purchaser or transferee thereof 
(and the person, if any, directing the acquisition of the Notes (or any interest therein) by the purchaser 
or transferee) will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree on each day from the date on which the 
purchaser or transferee acquires the Notes (or any interest therein) through and including the date on 
which the purchaser or transferee disposes of such Notes (or its interests therein), either that (a) such 
purchaser or transferee is not, and is not acting on behalf or using the assets of, a Plan or a

--- Page 808 ---
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
 
808 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any Similar Law, or (b) its acquisition, holding 
and disposition of such Notes (or any interest therein) (including, if applicable, the receipt of any 
Guarantee or Entitlement) will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a 
violation of any Similar Law) unless an exemption is available with respect to such transactions and all 
the conditions of such exemption have been satisfied. 
If the purchaser or transferee of the Notes (or any interests therein) is, or is acting on behalf of or using 
the assets of, a Plan, it will be further deemed to represent, warrant and agree that (i) none of BNPP, 
any other party to the transactions referred to in this Base Prospectus or any of their respective affiliates, 
has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other 
person investing the assets of the Plan ("Plan Fiduciary"), has relied as a primary basis in connection 
with its decision to invest in the Notes, and they are not otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary 
in connection with the Plan's acquisition of the Notes, and (ii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
Nothing herein shall be construed as a representation that any investment in Notes would meet any or 
all of the relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by, or is appropriate for, Plans 
generally or any particular Plan.   
The above discussion may be modified or supplemented with respect to a particular offering of Notes, 
including the addition of further ERISA restrictions on purchase and transfer.  Holders should consult 
the applicable Final Terms for such additional information.

--- Page 809 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
809 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in (i) an amended and restated English law programme agreement dated on or 
around 1 July 2022 in respect of the English Law Notes and (ii) a French law programme agreement 
dated 1 July 2022 in respect of the French Law Notes (each a "Programme Agreement" and together, 
the "Programme Agreements", which expression includes the same as they may be updated or 
supplemented from time to time), in each case, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they (or any 
one of them) may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreements will extend to those 
matters stated under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" and "Form of the Notes" above, respectively. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms 
and (if applicable) the subscription agreement in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in a 
supplement to this Document. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Please note that, in relation to EEA States, additional selling restrictions may apply in respect of any 
specific EEA State, including those set out below in relation to Austria, Belgium, France, the Republic 
of Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as:  
(i) 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA; or 
(ii) 
"Applicable, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is made 
available", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key 
information document is required pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") is made available; or 
(i) 
"Not Applicable", Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms may be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to retail investors in the EEA, provided that, where a key information document is required 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has only 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will only offer, sell or make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to retail investors in the EEA in the jurisdiction(s) for which a 
key information document is made available.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 810 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
810 
With respect to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Member State"), offers of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State may not be made except offers of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State and, where required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation, in the jurisdiction(s) 
for which a key information document is made available may be made: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a 
"Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Australia 
This document in relation to the Programme or Notes is only made available in Australia to persons to 
whom a disclosure document such as a prospectus or product disclosure statement is not required to 
be given under either Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). This document is not 
a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other form of formal "disclosure document" for the 
purposes of Australian Law, and is not required to, and does not, contain all the information which would 
be required in a product disclosure statement or prospectus under Australian law. 
This document is only provided on the condition that the information in and accompanying this 
document is strictly for the use of prospective investors and their advisers only, and outside of this no 
Dealer has made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of Notes for issue or sale in Australia 
(including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia). Neither this document nor 
any extract or conclusion from this document may be provided to any other person in Australia without 
the written consent of the Issuer, which it may withhold in its absolute discretion. This document has 
not been and will not be lodged or registered with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission or the ASX Limited or any other regulatory body or agency in Australia. The persons 
referred to in this document may not hold Australian Financial Services licences. No cooling off regime 
applies to an acquisition of the Notes. Under no circumstances is this document to be used by a retail 
client for the purpose of making a decision about a financial product. 
This document contains general advice only and does not take into account the investment objectives, 
financial situation or needs of any particular person. Accordingly, before making an investment decision 
in relation to this document, you should assess whether the acquisition of the Notes is appropriate in 
light of your own financial circumstances or seek professional advice.

--- Page 811 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
811 
An investor may not transfer or offer to transfer Notes to any person located in, or a resident of Australia, 
unless the person is a person to whom a disclosure document such as a prospectus or product 
disclosure statement is not required to be given under either Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth). There may be restrictions on the offer for re-sale of any Notes in Australia for a period 
of 12 months after their issue. Because of these restrictions, investors are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any offer for re-sale of Notes in Australia. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is an authorised deposit-taking institution for the 
purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia. 
In addition, each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that, in connection with any issue of Notes issued by the Issuer, it will not offer or sell 
Notes (or any interest in any Notes) to any person who is known or suspected, by the relevant officer(s) 
or employee(s) of the Dealer involved in the offer, invitation or sale to be an Offshore Associate of the 
Issuer or to any person who is notified in writing by the Issuer to it as being an Offshore Associate of 
the Issuer. 
"Offshore Associate" means an associate (as defined in section 128F(9) of the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) of Australia) that is either: 
(a) 
a non-resident of Australia which does not acquire the Notes in the course of carrying on a 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or 
(b) 
a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes in the course of carrying on a business at or 
through a permanent establishment outside Australia, 
which is not acquiring the Notes, or receiving payment under the Notes, in the capacity of a dealer, 
manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes or in the capacity of a clearing house, 
custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered managed investment scheme. 
Austria 
No prospectus has been or will be approved by the Austrian Financial Market Authority 
(Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde) and/or published pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, or has been 
or will be approved by the competent authority of another EEA member state and published pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation and validly passported to Austria. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other document connected therewith constitutes a prospectus according to the Prospectus Regulation, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document connected therewith may be distributed, 
passed on or disclosed to any other person in Austria. No steps may be taken that would constitute a 
public offering of the Notes in Austria and the offering of the Notes may not be advertised in Austria. 
Notes will only be offered in Austria in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019) as amended, and all other laws and 
regulations in Austria applicable to the offer and sale of the Notes in Austria. 
Bahrain 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain") 
in terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 
of 2006). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered 
as a prospectus with the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB"). Accordingly, the Notes cannot be offered, 
sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor can this Base Prospectus or 
any other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Bahrain, other than as 
marketing to accredited investors for an offer outside Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be marketed for investment, whether in 
or outside Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness 
of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any 
liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes cannot be offered to the public in Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the 
addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally.

--- Page 812 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
812 
Belgium 
With respect to Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months qualifying as money market instruments 
within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, no action will be taken by the Issuer or any Dealer in 
connection with the issue, sale, transfer, delivery, offering or distribution (or otherwise) of such Notes 
that would require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the 
offering of investment instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading 
on a regulated market.   
In the case of Fund Linked Notes, if the relevant underlying funds are not registered in Belgium with the 
Belgian FSMA in accordance with the Belgian law of 3 August 2012 on the collective investment 
undertakings satisfying the conditions set out in Directive 2009/65/EC and the Belgian law on 
undertakings for investment in receivables, as amended or replaced from time to time or the Belgian 
law of 19 April 2014 on alternative collective investment undertakings and their managers, as amended 
or replaced from time to time, as applicable, such Fund Linked Notes cannot be offered in Belgium 
unless (i) such Fund Linked Notes are cash settled or (ii) if the relevant underlying fund is a UCITS 
within the meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC, such Fund Linked Notes are offered to qualified investors 
only or to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors). 
The Notes (including, without limitation, any Bearer Notes and securities in bearer form underlying the 
Notes) may not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch 
recht/code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person habitually resident in 
Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Canada  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under applicable Canadian securities laws. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, distributed, or delivered, and that it 
will not offer, sell, distribute, or deliver any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident thereof in contravention of applicable Canadian securities laws. Each Dealer has also 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, not to 
distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in Canada 
in contravention of applicable Canadian securities laws.  
If the Notes may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, the issue of the Notes will be subject to such 
additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the Dealers may agree. The Issuer and the Dealers will 
offer, sell and distribute such Notes only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling 
restrictions. Such additional selling restrictions may be set out in the applicable Final Terms for Exempt 
Notes.  
In relation to each issue of Notes other than Canadian Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
Notes may be sold only to Canadian purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are "accredited investors", as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 
45-106") or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are "permitted clients", as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of such Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

--- Page 813 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
813 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) 
The Notes may not be offered or sold in the DIFC other than pursuant to an exempt offer in accordance 
with the Markets Rules (the "Rules") of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA"). This Base 
Prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in those Rules. It must not be 
delivered to, or relied on, by any other person. The Notes to which this Base Prospectus relates may 
be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their sale. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Notes. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying 
any document in connection with exempt offers. The DFSA has not approved this Base Prospectus nor 
taken steps to verify the information set out in it. The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the 
content of the information included in this Base Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of 
such information. The liability for the content of this Base Prospectus lies with the Issuer and other 
persons, such as experts, whose opinions are included in the Base Prospectus with their consent. The 
DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of the Notes to which this Base Prospectus relates to any 
particular investor or type of investor. Investors that do not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus or are unsure whether the Notes to which this Base Prospectus relates are suitable for their 
individual investment objectives and circumstances, should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
France 
Any offer, placement or sale of the Notes in France will only be made in compliance with all applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding such offer, placement or sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to 
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly (a) in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or (b) to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Republic of Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of the 
Republic of Korea for public offering in the Republic of Korea under the Financial Investment Services 
and Capital Markets Act (the "FSCMA"). The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in the Republic 
of Korea or to any resident of the Republic of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and

--- Page 814 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
814 
regulations of the Republic of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law 
(the "FETL") and the decrees and regulations thereunder. The Notes may not be resold to the Republic 
of Korea residents unless the purchaser of the Notes complies with all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including but not limited to government reporting requirements under the FETL and its 
subordinate decrees and regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Notes. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable during 
their term but only at maturity (that qualify as savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined in the 
Dutch Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the "SCA") may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and 
its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No such mediation is required, 
however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and 
acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue 
and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not immediately 
thereafter distributed in the Netherlands. 
The People's Republic of China 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of 
China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and 
Taiwan) (the "PRC"), or to residents of the PRC, unless such offer or sale is made in compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulations in the PRC. 
Portugal 
No offer of the Notes may be made in Portugal except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with the rules concerning the marketing of such Notes and with the laws of Portugal generally. 
In relation to Portugal, the Notes may not be offered to the public in Portugal, except that an offer of 
the Notes to the public in Portugal may be made: 
(a) 
in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to the Notes, 
following approval by the Autorité des marches financiers and notification to the Portuguese 
Securities Exchange Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários", or the 
"CMVM") all in accordance with Article 24 and 25 of the Prospectus Regulation and ending on 
the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication; and 
(b) 
at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer of a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Moreover, the Notes may be offered at any time to any entities who are considered as professional 
investors according to article 30 of the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários"). 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of the securities to the public" in relation to 
any Notes in Portugal means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the securities and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, and includes any 
relevant implementing measures in Portugal. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the offering 
of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus (including the applicable Final 
Terms) or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision of 
Italian laws and regulations; or

--- Page 815 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
815 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time ("Regulation No. 11971"), and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or 
(b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of ltaly in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act"), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Notes which are initially 
offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are 
systematically (sistematicamente) distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the 
Notes for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Saudi Arabia 
This Base Prospectus cannot be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "KSA") except to such 
persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued 
by the Capital Market Authority in the KSA. The Capital Market Authority does not make any 
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should conduct their own due diligence on the 
accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If you do not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
"SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 816 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
816 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Spain 
In addition to the selling restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation in relation to EEA States, as 
stated above, when the offer is addressed to qualified investors in the Kingdom of Spain (as defined in 
Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation), any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes, must be made by an 
investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Kingdom of 
Spain in accordance with Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October, approving the consolidated 
text of the Securities Market Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as modified or amended from time to 
time (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not make a placement among retail investors of 
Subordinated Notes unless they comply with the requirements set out in the Fourth Additional Provision 
of the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
Sweden  
For selling restrictions in respect of Sweden, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
Any offer for subscription or purchase or invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or 
distribution of any draft or final document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden will 
only be made in circumstances which will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant 
to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") or the Swedish Act with 
supplementary provisions to the Prospectus Regulation (Sw. Lag (2019:414) med kompletterande 
bestämmelser till EUs prospektförordning), as amended or replaced.  
Taiwan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered or filed with, or approved by, the Financial 
Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan pursuant 
to relevant securities laws and regulations of Taiwan and may not be issued, offered or sold within 
Taiwan through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning of the 
Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan or relevant laws and regulations that would require a registration 
or filing with, or approval of, the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory 
authorities or agencies of Taiwan. No person or entity in Taiwan has been authorized to offer or sell the 
Notes in Taiwan. The Notes may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase outside Taiwan by 
Taiwan resident investors, but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan unless the Notes offered or sold to 
investors in Taiwan are through Taiwan licensed financial institutions to the extent permitted under 
relevant Taiwan laws or regulations, such as the Directions for Offshore Banking Branches Conducting 
Securities Businesses.   
United Arab Emirates (excluding the DIFC and the Abu Dhabi Global Market) 
By receiving this Base Prospectus, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, 
acknowledges and agrees that the offering of Notes has not been approved or authorised by the United 
Arab Emirates (the "UAE") Central Bank, the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority (the "SCA"),

--- Page 817 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
817 
or any other relevant licensing authorities in the UAE, and accordingly does not constitute a public offer 
of securities in the UAE in accordance with the commercial companies law (UAE Federal Decree Law 
No. 32 of 2021) or otherwise. 
In addition, the Issuer represents and agrees that the Notes have not been and are not being, publicly 
offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the UAE other than in compliance with the laws of the UAE 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Further, each Dealer represents and agrees that 
the Notes have not been and will not be publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised by it in the UAE 
other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of 
securities. 
This Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is being issued to a limited number of 
investors in the UAE: (i) who qualify as "professional investors" other than natural persons for the 
purpose of the SCA Decision No. (13/R.M) of 2021 (as amended), or in case of investors who are 
natural persons, on the basis of reverse inquiry upon their request only; (ii) upon their request and 
confirmation that they understand that the Notes have not been approved or licensed by or registered 
with the UAE Central Bank, the SCA, or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental 
agencies in the UAE; and (iii) on the express condition that they do not provide this Base Prospectus 
to any person other than the original recipient who may not reproduce or use this Base Prospectus for 
any other purpose. 
Investors that do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus or are unsure whether the Notes 
to which this Base Prospectus relates are suitable for their individual investment objectives and 
circumstances should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as:  
(i) 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK; or 
(ii) 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK, unless, where a key information document is 
required pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation"), such 
key information document is made available. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 818 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
818 
Offers of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom may not be made 
except: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and further provided that, where required pursuant to the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation, a key information document is made available. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not if the Issuer was not an 
authorised person apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States 
Selling Restrictions 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and, until the expiry of the 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all of the Notes of the relevant Tranche, may not be offered, sold, resold, 
held, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In respect of Notes where "TEFRA D" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor U.S. Treas. Reg. Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with 
the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA D"), each Dealer 
represents and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent that (i) it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it will 
not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not delivered and agrees that it will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold 
during the restricted period;

--- Page 819 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
819 
(b) 
each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect 
procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly 
engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold 
during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to 
a United States person, except as permitted by TEFRA D; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent that it is acquiring Notes in bearer form for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer 
form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. 
Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treas. Reg. Section including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
of 2010); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes in bearer form from a Dealer for the purpose 
of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms 
the representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such 
affiliate's behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including TEFRA D. 
In respect of Notes where "TEFRA C" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes must be 
issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance.  Each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell 
or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance.  Further, each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree in connection with the original 
issuance of such Notes that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, 
with a prospective purchaser if such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will 
not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Notes. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder, including U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. 
Treas. Reg. Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA C"). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, 
deliver such Notes (i) as part of their distribution of the Notes at any time or (ii) otherwise until after the 
expiration of the 40 day distribution compliance period, as determined and certified by the relevant 
Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation 
S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes prior to 
the expiration of the 40 day distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are only being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S.  In addition, until the 40 day distribution compliance period with respect to any Series of 
Notes has expired, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States or to a U.S. person by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Notes linked to an Underlying Reference, Physical Delivery Notes or Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and

--- Page 820 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
820 
the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional 
selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each other Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, those jurisdictions referred 
to above) in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
none of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
None of BNPP or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 821 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
821 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Corporate Authorisations 
No authorisation procedures are required of BNPP by French law for the update of the 
Programme. The issue of Notes by BNPP under the Programme is authorised pursuant to the 
Board resolution dated 22 February 2022. 
2. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 1 July 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or a Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any 
other stock exchange(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
Notification 
The Issuer has requested the AMF to provide the competent authority of Germany, Italy, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.  The AMF may also be requested to provide the competent authority of any other 
EEA State with a similar certificate of approval. 
4. 
Documents Available 
From the date hereof and so long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, 
copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection from 
https://rates-globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx: 
Copies of: 
(i) 
copies of the Statuts of BNPP; and 
(ii) 
copies of this Base Prospectus and any supplements hereto. 
5. 
Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of BNPP or 
the Group since 31 December 2021 (being the end of the last financial period for which audited 
financial statements have been published). 
6. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed on pages 266 and 267 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document 
(in English) and pages 111 and 112 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English), there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware), during the period covering the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer 
and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
7. 
Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of BNPP or the 
BNPP Group since 31 March 2022 (being the end of the last financial period for which interim 
financial statements have been published).

--- Page 822 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
822 
8. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into contracts outside the ordinary course of its business, which 
could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
9. 
Third Party Information 
Information contained in this Base Prospectus which is sourced from a third party has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has also identified the 
source(s) of such information. 
10. 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors of BNPP are displayed on pages 35 to 50 of the BNPP 
2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) relating to BNPP which is incorporated by 
reference herein. 
11. 
Conflicts of Interests 
To the knowledge of the Bank, the duties owed by the members of the Board of Directors of 
the Bank do not give rise to any potential conflicts of interest with such members' private 
interests or other duties. 
12. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors ("Commissaires aux comptes") of BNPP are currently the following: 
Deloitte & Associés was appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 
24 May 2018 for a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 
2024 to approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023.  The firm was 
first appointed at the Annual General Meeting of 23 May 2006. 
Deloitte & Associés is represented by Laurence Dubois. 
Deputy: 
Société BEAS, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France, SIREN No. 
315 172 445, Nanterre trade and companies register. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit was appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General 
Meeting of 24 May 2018 for a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General 
Meeting called in 2024 to approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 
2023. The firm was first appointed at the Annual General Meeting of 26 May 1994. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit is represented by Patrice Morot. 
Deputy: 
Jean-Baptiste Deschryver, 63, Rue de Villiers, Neuilly-sur-Seine (92), France. 
Mazars was appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 May 2018 for 
a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve 
the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023. The firm was first appointed at 
the Annual General Meeting of 23 May 2000. 
Mazars is represented by Virginie Chauvin. 
Deputy: 
Charles de Boisriou, 28 rue Fernand Forest, 92150 Suresnes (92), France. 
Deloitte & Associés, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, and Mazars are registered as Statutory 
Auditors with the Versailles Regional Association of Statutory Auditors, under the authority of 
the French National Accounting Oversight Board (Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux 
Comptes).

--- Page 823 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
823 
13. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg systems. The common code and ISIN for each issue allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and details of any other agreed clearing system (including CMU, 
CDS and Euroclear France) will be contained in the relevant Final Terms. Transactions will 
normally be effected for settlement not earlier than three days after the date of the transaction.  
Exempt Notes that are Canadian Notes may be settled and cleared through CDS and, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for Exempt Notes, Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
14. 
Post-Issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
underlying in relation to any issue of Notes. 
15. 
Dealer Conflicts 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and their Affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's Affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
16. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price and on the assumption that the Notes are not subject to early 
cancellation or, if applicable, no Credit Event occurs.  The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future 
yield.  An indication of the yield may only be calculated for Fixed Rate and may not be 
determined for Notes that bear or pay interest determined by reference to a floating rate and/or 
a rate calculated by reference to one or more Underlying Reference(s). 
17. 
Dependence of BNPP upon other members of the Group 
Subject to the following paragraph, BNPP is not dependent upon other members of the BNPP 
Group. 
In April 2004, BNP Paribas SA began outsourcing IT Infrastructure Management Services to 
the BNP Paribas Partners for Innovation ("BP²I") joint venture set up with IBM France at the 
end of 2003. BP²I provides IT Infrastructure Management Services for BNP Paribas SA and 
several BNP Paribas subsidiaries in France (including BNP Paribas Personal Finance, BNP 
Paribas Securities Services SCA (the business of which will be transferred to and assumed by 
BNP Paribas SA as a consequence of the intragroup merger scheduled to take effect on 1 
October 2022, after which BNP Paribas Securities Services will cease to be a distinct legal 
entity) and BNP Paribas Cardif), Switzerland and Italy. The contractual arrangement with IBM 
France was successively extended from year to year until the end of 2021, and then extended 
for a period of 5 years (i.e. to the end of 2026) in particular to integrate the IBM cloud services.

--- Page 824 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
824 
BP²I is under the operational control of IBM France. BNP Paribas has a strong influence over 
this entity, which is 50/50 owned with IBM France. The BNP Paribas staff made available to 
BP²I make up half of that entity's permanent staff. Its buildings and processing centres are the 
property of the Group, and the governance in place provides BNP Paribas with the contractual 
right to monitor the entity and bring it back into the Group if necessary. 
In 2021, BNPP decided to re-integrate BP2I’s activities. To this end, on 31 December 2021, 
BNPP purchased the shares in BP2I held by IBM, making BP2I a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Group. 
18. 
Capitalization and Medium and Long Term Debt Indebtedness Over One Year of BNPP 
and the BNP Paribas Group 
The following table1 sets forth the consolidated capitalization and medium to long term 
indebtedness (i.e., of which the unexpired term to maturity is more than one year) of the Group 
as of 31 March 2022 and 31 December 2021 using the Group’s prudential scope of 
consolidation.  
The "prudential scope of consolidation", as defined in EU Regulation No. 575/2013 on capital 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms is used by the Group in the preparation 
of its "Pillar 3" disclosure set out in Chapter 5 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English). It differs from the "accounting scope of consolidation" used by the Group 
in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements under IFRS as adopted by the 
European Union. The principal differences between the two scopes of consolidation are 
summarised in Note 1 to the table below.  
Except as set forth in this section, there has been no material change in the capitalization of 
the Group since 31 March 2022. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the figures in the table below are derived from the Group’s 
unaudited consolidated financial statements as of 31 March 2022 and the Group’s audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (which do 
not include prudential deductions), and are used for the purposes of the Group’s prudential 
capital calculations. 
 
 
As of  
March 31, 2022 
(unaudited) 
As of 
December 31, 
2021 
(audited) 
(in millions of euros) 
As of 
31 December 
20212 
As of 
31 December 
2020 
 
 
 
Medium and Long-Term Debt (of which the 
unexpired term to maturity is more than one year)2 
 
 
Senior preferred debt at fair value through profit or loss  
40,227 
40,555 
Senior preferred debt at amortized cost .........................  
19,275 
25,241 
Total Senior Preferred Debt ........................................  
59,502 
65,796 
Senior non preferred debt at fair value through profit or 
loss 
4,432 
3,933 
Senior non preferred debt at amortized cost ..................  
63,586 
62,536 
Total Senior Non Preferred Debt ................................  
68,018 
66,469 
 
 
 
Redeemable subordinated debt at amortized cost ........  
22,666 
21,444 
Undated subordinated notes at amortized cost3 ............  
501 
494

--- Page 825 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
825 
Undated participating subordinated notes at amortized 
cost4 ............................................................................  
225 
225 
Redeemable subordinated debt at fair value through 
profit or loss ................................................................  
23 
25 
Perpetual subordinated notes at fair value through profit 
or loss5,6 ......................................................................  
846 
906 
Preferred shares and equivalent instruments7 ...............  
8,624 
9,207 
Total Subordinated Debt .............................................  
32,885 
32,301 
 
 
 
Issued capital8 ................................................................  
2,469 
2,469 
Additional paid-in capital  ...............................................  
23,689 
23,878 
Retained earnings ..........................................................  
78,398 
77,587 
Unrealized or deferred gains and losses attributable to 
Shareholders...............................................................  
348 
216 
 
 
 
Total Shareholders' Equity and Equivalents (net of 
proposed dividends) ................................................  
104,904 
104,150 
Minority interests (net of proposed dividends) ...............  
4,217 
4,234 
Total Capitalization and Medium-to-Long Term 
Indebtedness .............................................................  
269,526 
272,950 
(1) 
Prior to 30 September 2018, the Group presented its consolidated capitalization and 
medium-to-long term indebtedness using the accounting scope of consolidation. Since 
then, the Group presents its capitalization table using the prudential scope of 
consolidation. As stated in Section 5.2 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) the material differences between the prudential scope of 
consolidation and the accounting scope of consolidation are the following: 

insurance companies (primarily BNP Paribas Cardif and its subsidiaries) that 
are fully consolidated under the accounting scope of consolidation are 
accounted for under the equity method in the prudential scope of consolidation; 
and 

jointly controlled entities (mainly UCI Group entities and Bpost banque) are 
accounted for under the equity method in the accounting scope of 
consolidation and under the proportional consolidation scope in the prudential 
scope of consolidation. 
(2) 
All medium- and long-term senior preferred debt of BNPP ranks equally with deposits 
and senior to the new category of senior non preferred debt first issued by BNPP in 
January 2017. The subordinated debt of BNPP is subordinated to all of its senior debt 
(including both senior preferred and senior non preferred debt). BNPP and its 
subsidiaries issue medium- to long-term debt on a continuous basis, particularly 
through private placements in France and abroad. 
Euro against foreign currency as at 31 December 2019, CAD = 1.457, GBP = 0.847, 
CHF = 1.085, HKD = 8.732, JPY = 121.903, USD = 1.122. 
Euro against foreign currency as at 31 December 2020, CAD = 1.555, GBP = 0.893, 
CHF = 1.082, HKD = 9.465, JPY = 126.099, USD = 1.221. 
Euro against foreign currency as at 31 December 2021, CAD = 1.39, GBP = 0.841, 
CHF = 1.038, HKD = 8.875, JPY = 131.009, USD = 1.173. 
Euro against foreign currency as at 31 March 2022, CAD = 1.382, GBP = 0.843, CHF 
= 1.021, HKD = 8.667, JPY = 134.606, USD = 1.107.

--- Page 826 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
826 
 (3) 
At 31 March 2022, the remaining subordinated debt included €501 million of undated 
floating-rate subordinated notes ("TSDIs"). 
(4) 
Undated participating subordinated notes issued by BNP SA in July 1984 for a total 
amount of €337 million are redeemable only in the event of the liquidation of BNPP, 
but may be redeemed in accordance with the terms specified in the French law of 3 
January 1983. The number of notes outstanding as at 31 March 2022 was 1,434,092 
amounting to approximately €219 million. Payment of interest is obligatory, but the 
Board of Directors may postpone interest payments if the Ordinary General Meeting of 
shareholders held to approve the financial statements notes that there is no income 
available for distribution. Additionally, as at 31 March 2022, there were 28,689 undated 
participating subordinated notes issued by Fortis Banque France (amounting to 
approximately €4 million) and 6,773 undated participating subordinated notes issued 
by Banque de Bretagne (amounting to approximately €2 million) outstanding; both 
entities have since been merged into BNPP. 
(5) 
Subordinated debt corresponds to an issue of Convertible And Subordinated Hybrid 
Equity-linked Securities ("CASHES") made by Fortis Bank SA/NV (now acting in 
Belgium under the commercial name BNP Paribas Fortis) in December 2007, for an 
initial nominal amount of €3 billion, which has now been reduced to an outstanding 
nominal amount of €948 million corresponding to a market value of €846 million at 31 
March 2022. They bear interest at a floating rate equal to three-month EURIBOR plus 
a margin equal to 2% paid quarterly in arrears. The CASHES are undated but may be 
exchanged for Ageas (previously Fortis SA/NV) shares at the holder’s sole discretion 
at a price per Ageas share of €239.40. However, as of 19 December 2014, the 
CASHES are subject to automatic exchange into Ageas shares if the price of Ageas 
shares is equal to or higher than €359.10 for twenty consecutive trading days. The 
principal amount will never be redeemed in cash. The rights of CASHES holders are 
limited to the Ageas shares held by BNP Paribas Fortis and pledged to them. 
Ageas and BNP Paribas Fortis have entered into a Relative Performance Note ("RPN") 
contract, the value of which varies contractually so as to offset the impact on BNP 
Paribas Fortis of the relative difference between changes in the value of the CASHES 
and changes in the value of the Ageas shares. 
On 7 May 2015, BNPP and Ageas reached an agreement which allows BNPP to 
purchase outstanding CASHES subject to the condition that these are converted into 
Ageas shares, leading to a proportional settlement of the RPN. The agreement 
between Ageas and BNPP expired on 31 December 2016 and has not been renewed. 
On 24 July 2015, BNPP obtained a prior agreement from the European Central Bank 
permitting it to purchase outstanding CASHES up to a nominal amount of €200 million. 
In 2016, BNPP used such agreement to purchase €164 million outstanding CASHES, 
converted into Ageas shares. 
On 8 July 2016, BNPP obtained a new agreement from the European Central Bank 
which superseded the prior agreement permitting it to purchase outstanding CASHES 
up to a nominal amount of €200 million. BNPP requested the cancellation of this 
agreement from the European Central Bank and the European Central Bank approved 
such cancellation in August 2017. 
As at 31 March 2022, the subordinated liability is no longer eligible to Tier 1 capital 
(considering that the grandfathering period expired). 
 (6) 
Carrying amount of the CASHES, of which the amount eligible in prudential own funds 
was €205 million as of 31 December 2021 and €0 as of 31 March 2022. 
(7) 
Consists of numerous issuances by BNPP in various currencies (i) over the 2005-2009 
period, of undated deeply subordinated non cumulative notes and (ii) since 2015, of 
perpetual fixed rate resettable additional tier 1 notes. The details of the debt 
instruments recognized as capital, as well as their characteristics, as required by 
Implementing Regulation No. 1423/2013, are available in the BNP Paribas Debt section 
of BNPP’s investor relations website at www.invest.bnpparibas.com.

--- Page 827 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
827 
(8) 
At 31 March 2022, BNPP’s share capital stood at €2,468,663,292 divided into 
1,234,331,646 shares with a par value of €2 each. 
19. 
Events impacting the solvency of BNPP 
To the best of BNPP's knowledge, there have not been any recent events which are to a 
material extent relevant to the evaluation of BNPP's solvency since 31 March 2022.

--- Page 828 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
828 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each 
state in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent (from among EEA Member States), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified state a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and 
together the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to make a Non-
exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to 
that consent. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base 
Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" 
and "Common Conditions to Consent" below.  
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, the Issuer has not authorised 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use 
of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. 
Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the 
Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in 
relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If, 
in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the 
Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for 
its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together the 
"Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent": 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and 
whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer 
website 
(https://rates-

--- Page 829 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
829 
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
General Consent 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part A of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", 
the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Notes by any other financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") 
published by BNP Paribas (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its 
consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with 
the offer of the Notes [Specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the other 
conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept the 
offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base 
Prospectus) and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus are that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment 
in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor;  
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base 
Prospectus and consider the relevant manufacturer's target market and 
assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product 
governance/target market assessment" legend which may be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or 
rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the 
offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required 
by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(d) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(e) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
"know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, 
in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each 
potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and 
will not permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application monies; 
(f) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules, make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to

--- Page 830 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
830 
comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules applying to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as the case 
may be; 
(g) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
(h) 
ensure that Investors understand the risks associated with an investment in 
the Notes; 
(i) 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes 
aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all 
appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
(j) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
conditions to consent" below and any further requirements or other Authorised 
Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(k) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such 
purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or 
entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; 
(l) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus 
or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf 
of the Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection 
with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) 
is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that 
such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently 
of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such 
communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer accepts 
any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, 
brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any 
material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to 
describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes on the basis set out in this 
Base Prospectus; 
(m) 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of 
any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client 
obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising; 
(n) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records maintained 
pursuant to paragraph (f) above) and such further assistance as is reasonably 
requested upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each 
case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time 
frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, 
relevant information is information that is available to or can be acquired by the 
relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or

--- Page 831 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
831 
another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as 
defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from 
time to time in relation to the Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements; 
(o) 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at the 
Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed 
with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Notes for settlement 
on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any 
sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any 
third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Notes (unless otherwise 
agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply with such other 
rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer; and 
(p) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary 
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its 
advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case 
prior to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of 
its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons 
(each a "Relevant Party") incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, 
expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any 
defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such 
investigation or defence) (a "Loss") arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, 
any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or 
undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any 
unauthorised action by the relevant financial intermediary or failure by it to observe any 
of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by it of any unauthorised 
representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial 
intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an 
amount equal to the Loss. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any duty or 
obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to 
recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it 
under this provision; and 
agrees and accepts that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed 
upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to 
use this Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
where the offer relates to English Law Notes, the English courts have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer and the financial intermediary 
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
(c) 
where the offer relates to French Law Notes, the courts within the jurisdiction 
of the Paris Court of Appeal (Cour d'Appel de Paris) have jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of

--- Page 832 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
832 
or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the 
Issuer and the financial intermediary submit to the jurisdiction of such French 
courts; 
(d) 
for the purposes of (C)(b) and (c), the financial intermediary waive any 
objection to the relevant courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; 
(e) 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
(f) 
each of the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary will, pursuant to the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those 
provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to 
be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the 
Authorised Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets the conditions set out in (b) and the 
other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this 
Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the 
relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement.  
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) if Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes in France, Luxembourg, Italy, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Portugal 
and Sweden, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant states which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (if any Member State of the EEA is so specified) as indicated in (b) above, will be France, 
Luxembourg, Italy, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Portugal and Sweden, and accordingly each 
Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in France, 
Luxembourg, Italy, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Portugal and Sweden, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY 
SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME 
OF SUCH OFFER. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER 
HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE 
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY

--- Page 833 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
833 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless 
specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer and/or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area (including France) and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
BNPP accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of BNPP (who 
has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained herein is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Document is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference as described in "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below. This Document shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Document. 
Information contained in this Document which is sourced from a third party has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information. The 
applicable Final Terms will (if applicable) specify the nature of the responsibility taken by the Issuer for 
the information relating to the underlying asset, index or other item(s) to which the Notes relate. 
This Document (together with supplements to this Document from time to time (each a "Supplement" 
and together the "Supplements") comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of (i) Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer. In relation to each separate 
issue of Notes, the final offer price and the amount of such Notes will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers in accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of the 
Notes and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In accordance with Article 23(2a) of the Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Notes before this Base Prospectus is published have the right, exercisable 
within three working days after the publication of this Base Prospectus, to withdraw their acceptances. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted 
by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Document or 
any other information provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme or the Notes. The Dealers 
accept no liability in relation to the information contained in this Document or any other information 
provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Document or any further information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by BNPP or any of the Dealers. 
In connection with the issue and sale of Notes, neither BNPP nor its Affiliates will, unless agreed to the 
contrary in writing, act as a financial adviser to any Noteholder. 
Neither this Document nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered

--- Page 834 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
834 
as recommendations by BNPP or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Document or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any of the Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any of the Notes should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither 
this Document nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of BNPP or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any of the Notes. 
The delivery of this Document does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning BNPP is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Document or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of BNPP during the life of the Programme. 
Prospective investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published audited annual consolidated 
financial statements, unaudited semi-annual interim consolidated financial statements and quarterly 
financial results of BNPP, when deciding whether or not to purchase any of the Notes. 
This Document does not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection with, an offer to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or a solicitation by anyone not authorised so to act. 
The distribution of this Document and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Document or any Notes come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Document and the offer or sale of the Notes in the European Economic Area ("EEA") (and certain 
member states thereof), Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States (see "Subscription and Sale" 
below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes are being 
offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and, until the 
expiry of the period of 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all of the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche, may not be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person except 
in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act (see "Subscription and Sale" above). 
This Document has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (each a "Member State") will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Document as 
completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State and (in either case) published, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State, such offer is made in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the 
extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do 
they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE (AS DEFINED IN "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES" AND "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH 
LAW NOTES" ABOVE) OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (THE "STABILISATION MANAGER(S)") (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY 
OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE

--- Page 835 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
835 
MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE 
PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE 
OF THE FINAL TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, 
IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 
30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE 
DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR 
OVER-ALLOTMENT SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS 
AND RULES. 
In this Document, references to (a) "euro", "EURO", "Euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam, (b) "$", 
"U.S.$" and "U.S. dollars" are to United States dollars, (c) "cents" are to United States cents, (d) "yen" 
and "¥" are to Japanese yen, (e) "sterling" and "£" are to pounds sterling, (f) "CHF" are to Swiss francs, 
(g) "CNY" are to Chinese Renminbi and (h) "C$", "CAD" and "CND" are to Canadian dollars. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 836 ---
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
836 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Represented by Lars Machenil 
in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer 
 
Dated 1 July 2022 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 1 July 2022 and is valid until 1 July 2023 and shall, during 
this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial 
errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°22-263.

--- Page 837 ---
837 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
BNP PARIBAS 
1 rue Laffitte 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
75009 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
 
(prior to the Merger Date (as defined in the 
Conditions)) 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de 
Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND SETTLEMENT AGENT 
 
 
(prior to the Merger Date) 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de 
Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
OTHER PAYING AGENT 
 
 
(prior to the Merger Date) 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
BNP Paribas 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
3 rue d'Antin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
75002 Paris 
93500 Pantin 
France 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
 
 
As to English law 
As to French law 
 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
52, avenue Hoche 
London E1 6AD 
CS 90005 
United Kingdom 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
 
France

--- Page 838 ---
838 
 
 
 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
6, place de la Pyramide 
63, rue de Villiers 
92908 Paris la Défense Cedex 
92208 Neuilly-Sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
France 
 
 
Mazars 
61, rue Henri-Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP