--- Page 1 ---
T*1 BNP PARIBAS
FORTIS
Philipp® QOOSSE 
Headof ALW-Treasury
Franciane RAYS
Member of the Executive Committee 
Chief Financial Officer
HiNT PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium)
(legal entity identifier: KGCEPHL I'l'KI'RZYO IT647)
EUR 20,000,000,000
Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme
Under Ibis Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme (the Programme), BNP Paribas Fords SA/NV (the Issuer or BNP Paribas Fortis or 
BNPPF) may from time to time issue belgischepandbrieven/lellresdegage beiges (Mortgage Pandbrieven) in accordance with the provisions 
of the law of 25 April 20l'l on the legal status and supervision oflhe credit institutions, as amended from time to lime (the Banking Law) and 
its implementing royal decrees and regulations, on the issuance of Belgian covered bonds. The minimum specified denomination of each 
Mortgage Pandbrief is BUR 100,000.
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for purposes of Regulation (BU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
and has been approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Aulorité des 
services el inarcltésfinanciers) (the FSM A), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA only approves this prospectus 
ns meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered ns an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Investors should make their own assessment ns to 
the suitability of investing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven.
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme to be listed on the regulated market 
ofEuronext Brussels (Euronext Brussels). Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, MiFU) II). The 
Programme also permits Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued on the basis that they (i) will not be admitted to listing, trading or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or (ii) will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed by the Issuer.
References in this Base Prospectus to Mortgage Pandbrieven being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven have been listed on and admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels, on the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Brussels, 
or on any other regulated market or multilateral trading facility (in each case as defined in MiFID II), as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(as defined below), and in each case without prejudice and subject to the requirement to publish or notify a (base) prospectus in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation (as the case may be).
The Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Programme arc intended to be issued to (i) BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and/or any direct or indirect 
subsidiary of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or (ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas Group. This Programme is to be distinguished from and 
has been created in addition to the existing EUR 10,000,000,000 Residential Mortgage Pandbrieven programme of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
which was updated most recently on 6 August 2024 (the Non-Rctaincd Programme).
An investment in Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks sec "Risk 
Factors". Investors should review and consider these risk factors carefully before purchasing any Mortgage Pandbrieven.
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued in dematerialised form (the Dcmatcrialiscd Mortgage Pandbrieven) or in registered form (the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven). Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be represented by a book-entry in the records of the clearing 
system operated by the NBB or any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement .System). Access to the Securities Settlement System is 
available through its participants, including Euroclcar Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearslream Banking AG, Germany (Clenrstrcnm, 
Germany), and certain others.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven, interest (if any) payable in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the issue price 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven”) of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms). Final 'ferms with respect to 
Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed on Euronext Brussels, will be filed with the FSMA and published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://mvw.bnpparibasforlis.com/nl/investeerders/coveredbonds/retained-pandbricf-programmc)
The date of this Base Prospectus is 6 August 2024. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of one year from its date of approval, i.e. until 6 
August 2025. The obligation to publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus (as referred to above) no longer applies afier the expiry of the 
validity period of this Base Prospectus, even if important new factors, material mistakes or material imprecisions arc discovered.
Arranger and Dealer
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive or IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (UK FSMA 2000) 
and any rules or regulations made under the UK FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Mortgage Pandbrieven issued 
under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold to or otherwise made available to and will not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available by any Dealer to any “consumer” (consument / 
consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch 
recht / Code de droit économique) dated 28 February 2013 (as amended, the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which channels for 
distribution of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Mortgage Pandbrieven (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Mortgage Pandbrieven is a manufacturer in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Mortgage Pandbrieven will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which channels for 
distribution of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Mortgage Pandbrieven (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Pandbrieven is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Mortgage Pandbrieven, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation). If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES IN THE U.S. OR TO U.S. PERSONS – The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), or any U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not 
subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws 
(see “Subscription and Sale”). 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION – In this Base Prospectus, all references to Euro, EUR and 
€ refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Section 
Page 
Section 1 – General description of the Programme ........................................................................... 5 
Section 2 – Risk Factors .................................................................................................................. 17 
Section 3 – Important Information ................................................................................................... 52 
Section 4 – Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations ................................................... 56 
Section 5 – Description of Principal Documents ............................................................................. 79 
Section 6 – Cover Assets ................................................................................................................. 88 
Section 7 – Documents incorporated by reference .......................................................................... 92 
Section 8 – Supplements to the Base Prospectus ............................................................................. 96 
Section 9 – General description of the Mortgage Pandbrieven ........................................................ 97 
Section 10 – Form of the Mortgage Pandbrieven ............................................................................ 98 
Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven ............................................... 100 
Section 12 – Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders .............................................. 141 
Section 13 – Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................. 164 
Section 14 – Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................... 183 
Section 15 – Overview of Belgian housing and mortgage market ................................................. 184 
Section 16 – Description of the Issuer ........................................................................................... 190 
Section 17 - Taxation ..................................................................................................................... 228 
Section 18 – Subscription and Sale ................................................................................................ 239 
Section 19 – Glossary of defined terms ......................................................................................... 243 
Section 20 – General information .................................................................................................. 246

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
SECTION 1 – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is the general description of the Programme and the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the General 
Description) referred to in Article 25(1)(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. It does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of 
any particular Series or Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may 
also from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme which are subject to terms 
and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus or under a different 
prospectus, information document or drawdown prospectus. The relevant (form of) terms and 
conditions (and, if applicable, final terms) will, in such circumstances, be set out in a schedule to the 
Agency Agreement (as the same may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to 
time).  
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this General Description. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, a credit institution existing under the laws of the 
Kingdom of Belgium, with its statutory seat at 1000 Brussels, Montagne du 
Parc 3, registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 
RPM 0403.199.702, Commercial Court of Brussels and with Legal Entity 
Identifier KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. 
Auditor 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren/Réviseurs d’Entreprises BV, represented by Yves 
Dehogne with its statutory seat at Gateway Building, Luchthaven Brussel 
Nationaal 1 J, 1930 Zaventem, registered with the Crossroads Bank for 
Enterprises under number RPM/RPR 0429.053.863, Commercial Court of 
Brussels. 
Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis or any other calculation agent appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Calculation Agent). 
Competent 
Authority 
De Nationale Bank van België/La Banque Nationale de Belgique, a public 
company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of Belgium, with 
statutory seat at De Berlaimontlaan 14, 1000 Brussels, registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number RPM/RPR 0203.201.340, 
Commercial Court of Brussels (the NBB or the Competent Authority). 
Cover Pool 
Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent auditors and accountants, not being the 
statutory auditor of the Issuer for the time being, appointed pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement as an independent cover pool monitor 
(portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de portefeuille) (i) to issue periodic reports 
to the NBB on compliance by the Issuer with the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations (as defined herein), (ii) assume the responsibilities as specified 
under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and the NBB Cover Pool 
Monitor Circular, and (iii) to review the Statutory Tests and the Stress Tests 
both as provided for in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and in 
accordance with the requirements of the NBB.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
On the date of this prospectus, the Cover Pool Monitor is David De Schacht, 
accredited auditor for financial institutions, domiciled at 3391 Tielt-Winge, 
Kapellekensweg 57 and Jurgen De Raedemaeker, accredited auditor for 
financial institutions, domiciled at 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42, acting 
jointly and severally (the Cover Pool Monitor).  
For further information see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations" and "Description of Principal Documents" below. 
Cover Pool 
Administrator 
In accordance with Article 8, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the NBB 
may designate a cover pool administrator in certain circumstances including 
(i) upon the adoption of a reorganisation measure against the Issuer if such 
measure, in the opinion of the NBB, may negatively affect the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders, (ii) upon the initiation of winding-up proceedings 
against the Issuer, (iii) upon the removal of the Issuer from the list of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issuers or (iv) in circumstances where the situation of the Issuer 
is such that it may seriously affect the interest of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders (the Cover Pool Administrator). 
For further information see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations" and "Description of Principal Documents" below. 
Dealer 
BNP Paribas Fortis and such other dealers appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement (each, a Dealer and together, the 
Dealers). The Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued on a continuing basis to 
one or more of such Dealers. 
Domiciliary Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis (the Domiciliary Agent). 
Hedging 
Counterparties 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into Hedging 
Agreements with various hedging providers to hedge certain risks (relating to 
interest rate or currency) related to the Cover Assets and/or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (each a Hedging Counterparty).  
Issuer 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (also referred to as BNP Paribas Fortis or the 
Issuer), a credit institution existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium, 
with its statutory seat at 1000 Brussels, Montagne du Parc 3, registered with 
the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number RPM 0403.199.702, 
Commercial Court of Brussels and with Legal Entity Identifier: 
KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. 
Liquidity Facility 
Provider 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into Liquidity 
Facility Agreements with one or more liquidity facility providers (each a 
Liquidity Facility Provider) in order to improve the liquidity of the Special 
Estate. 
Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis (the Listing Agent) in case the Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
listed on Euronext Brussels.  
For Mortgage Pandbrieven listed on another market, the listing agent will be 
identified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders’ 
Representative  
Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative has been 
appointed as representative (vertegenwoordiger/représentant) of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law (the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative). 
Other Cover Pool 
Creditors 
Means the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, any Cover Pool 
Administrator, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Hedging 
Counterparties (if any), the Registrar, any Liquidity Facility Providers (if any) 
and any Operational Creditors. 
Operational 
Creditors 
Means any servicer appointed to service the Cover Assets, any account bank 
appointed to hold accounts of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate, any 
stock exchange on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed and/or admitted 
to trading, any auditor, legal counsel and tax advisor of the Issuer in relation 
to the Special Estate or the Programme, any custodian of Cover Assets or assets 
in the Special Estate, any rating agency appointed by the Issuer to rate the 
Programme or the Mortgage Pandbrieven, any agent or party appointed in 
accordance with the Programme Documents, any other creditor of amounts due 
in connection with the management and administration of the Special Estate 
and any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any services provided or any 
transaction entered into in connection with the Special Estate or the 
Programme and notified to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
or as may from time to time be specified in the Terms and Conditions of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis or as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Paying Agent). 
Rating Agency 
Means such internationally recognised rating agency (the Rating Agency) as 
may from time to time be appointed to rate the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued 
under the Programme. The Issuer may, from time to time, request for the 
withdrawal of a previously assigned rating of a Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven by a Rating Agency and/or the appointment of a different Rating 
Agency to assign a rating to a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in issue or about 
to be issued. The Issuer may also terminate the appointment of any Rating 
Agency to rate the Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme at any time. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s France SAS (Moody’s) has been 
appointed to provide ratings for those Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven which 
are to be rated. 
Registrar (for 
Registered 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) 
BNP Paribas Fortis, or any other party to be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The initial Registrar will be BNP Paribas Fortis. 
The Registrar will be responsible for maintaining a register for the registration 
of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven which shall show the principal amount 
of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (as well as their date of issue and the 
Special Estate relating to such Registered Mortgage Pandbrief), in accordance 
with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code. The Registrar will 
cancel any redeemed Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The Arranger, the Calculation Agent, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Dealers, the Domiciliary 
Agent, the Hedging Counterparties, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Listing Agent, Mortgage

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Paying Agent, the Rating Agency and the Registrar are 
appointed to act in respect of the Programme pursuant to the Programme Documents as further 
described under the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of Principal Documents” 
below. The relevant Programme Documents provide that other parties may be appointed from time 
to time and contain certain provisions in relation to the replacement of the aforementioned 
parties. 
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION 
Description 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV EUR 20,000,000,000 Retained Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Programme (the Programme) is a programme for the continuous 
issue of belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges (the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations.  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Programme are intended to be issued to 
(i) BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary of BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or (ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas Group. The 
Programme is to be distinguished from and is created in addition to the existing 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Residential Mortgage Pandbrieven programme of BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV, which was updated most recently on 6 August 2024  
(the Non-Retained Programme). 
The NBB has admitted the Programme to the list of authorised programmes 
for the issue of Belgian covered bonds on 23 October 2018. The NBB will 
regularly update such list, upon notification by the Issuer, with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme and will indicate that the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven constitute belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges under the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
The NBB has approved the increase of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Programme from EUR 10,000,000,000 to EUR 20,000,000,000 on 24 
November 2020. 
Programme 
Amount 
EUR 20,000,000,000 outstanding at any time as described herein. The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Programme Agreement.  
Status of the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued as Belgian mortgage pandbrieven 
(belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations and will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will rank 
(i) pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves, 
irrespective of their Series and (ii) at least pari passu with all other present and 
future outstanding unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by law that are both mandatory and of general 
assumption. In addition, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be covered in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations by the Special Estate. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors will 
have 
(i) 
a 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured 
(chirografair/chirographaire) claim on the General Estate; (ii) in the event 
liquidation proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being 
resolved, an exclusive recourse against the assets which constitute the Special 
Estate; and (iii) in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
Issuer and the Special Estate is not sufficient to cover for their claims, an 
unsecured, unsubordinated recourse against the General Estate. 
Creditors of the Issuer (other than Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors) may not exercise any rights against or attach the 
Special Estate. However, the right of the bankruptcy trustee of the General 
Estate of the Issuer has the right, after consultation with the NBB, to require 
that assets in the Special Estate that are certainly no longer required as Cover 
Assets, be re-transferred to the General Estate (Article 11, 8° of Annex III to 
the Banking Law).  
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations” below. 
Cover Assets 
The Cover Assets are the Residential Mortgage Loans and any other loans, 
securities, accounts, contracts or other assets which comply with the 
requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and that are registered 
in the Cover Register, and all other assets that are included in the Special Estate 
pursuant to Article 1/2 and Article 3, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law. The 
main asset class of the Special Estate will consist of residential mortgage loans 
as defined in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations.  
For further information on the composition of the Special Estate, see also 
“Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 4.A Categories of 
Cover Assets” and “4.B Further qualitative requirements for Cover Assets 
relating to Belgian Pandbrieven” below. 
Issuer 
Undertakings 
The Issuer will undertake in favour of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (i) to comply with all 
obligations imposed on it under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, (ii) 
that the Special Estate will mainly consist of Residential Mortgage Loans and 
will not include mortgage loans other than Residential Mortgage Loans, and 
(iii) to provide an investor report in accordance with Article 15/1 of Annex III 
to the Banking Law and Article 12 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree (the 
Investor Report), containing information regarding, amongst others, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and the composition of the Special Estate, on a monthly 
basis, on the 15th Business Day of each calendar month (each an Investor 
Report Date), which will be made available on the website of the Issuer. 
The Issuer also undertakes that the Special Estate will at all times include a 
number of liquid bonds (i) which have an aggregate market value which, after 
applying the ECB haircut in accordance with the Guideline 2015/510 of the 
ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary 
policy (as may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time 
to time), is higher than the amount of interest due and payable on the 
outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven within a period of three months meeting 
the criteria set out in paragraph 7 of the NBB Covered Bond Circular and (ii) 
which (1) are eligible as collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy purposes 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, (2) have a credit quality 
step 1 as defined in the CRR, (3) are subject to a daily mark-to-market, (4) 
have a remaining maturity of more than three months, (5) are not debt issued 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
Cover Tests 
In accordance with Article 2, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Cover 
Assets comprising the Special Estate must, for the duration of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, provide sufficient cover (i) for the payment of principal and 
interest on the Mortgage Pandbrieven, (ii) for the obligations towards the Other 
Cover Pool Creditors and (iii) for the management of the Special Estate. 
Article 5 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree which further implements this 
rule, (a) includes a general requirement that, with respect to the Special Estate, 
the sum of interest, principal and all other revenues generated by the Cover 
Assets must be sufficient to cover the sum of all interest, principal and charges 
linked to maintenance and administration (including the winding down) of the 
issuance programme and the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the Cover Asset 
Adequacy Test), and (b) provides, more in particular, for the following two 
specific tests in relation to the minimum cover to be provided by the Cover 
Assets.  
At the time of the issuance and as long as any Mortgage Pandbrieven remain 
outstanding:  
the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets in the 
Special Estate determined in accordance with the valuation rules set out in the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree must represent at least 85% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven then in issue (the 
85% Asset Coverage Test); and 
the value of the Cover Assets, determined in accordance with the valuation 
rules set out in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, must represent at least 105% 
of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of Mortgage Pandbrieven then 
in issue (the Over-Collateralisation Test). 
The Cover Asset Adequacy Test, the 85% Asset Coverage Test and the Over-
Collateralisation Test are hereinafter jointly referred to as the Cover Tests. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 4. Cover 
Assets and Tests – C. Statutory Tests – Cover Tests” below. 
Liquidity Buffer 
The Belgian Covered Bond Regulations provide that the Special Estate must 
contain sufficient liquid and available Cover Assets to provide a liquidity 
buffer in order to enable the Issuer to cover the net liquidity outflows of the 
Programme at any time, as well as the maximum amount of the sum of the net 
liquidity outflows calculated over a six month period (the Liquidity Test). If 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a 
Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Extended Maturity Date will be taken into 
account to determine the net liquidity outflows over a six month period. 
The Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test are hereinafter jointly referred to as the 
Statutory Tests. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 4. Cover 
Assets and Tests – D. Statutory Tests – Liquidity Test” below. 
Maturity Date  
The maturity date for each Series (the Maturity Date) will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
Extended Maturity 
Date 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer’s obligations under the 
relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven to pay the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the relevant Maturity Date may be deferred past the Maturity Date until the 
extended maturity date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (such date 
the Extended Maturity Date), subject to and in accordance with Condition 
6.2 (Extension of the Maturity Date). The applicable Final Terms will specify 
the relevant Extension Trigger Event. Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations, the Extended Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms shall not 
be later than one year after the original Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amounts on each 
Interest Payment Date up to the Extended Maturity Date (or, if the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full prior to such Extented Maturity Date, up to 
such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are repaid in 
whole) in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.5 (Interest Payments 
up to the Extended Maturity Date) and the Issuer will make payments on each 
relevant Interest Payment Date and Extended Maturity Date (or, if redeemed 
earlier in full, on such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full). 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an Event of 
Default): 
(i) 
on the Maturity Date (or, if the Maturity Date is extended pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Extension of the Maturity Date), the Extended Maturity 
Date determined in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Extension of the 
Maturity Date), as the case may be), a failure to pay any amount of 
principal due on the Mortgage Pandbrieven on such date and such 
default is not remedied within a period of fourteen (14) calendar days 
from the due date thereof; or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount 
of interest due on any Series occurs and such default is not remedied 
within a period of fourteen (14) calendar days from the due date thereof, 
then the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may and shall, upon 
direction of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders holding the requisite percentage 
of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven then outstanding (subject to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), serve a notice (a Notice of 
Default) on the Issuer (copied to the Cover Pool Monitor, the NBB, the Rating 
Agency and, if appointed, the Cover Pool Administrator). 
See also Condition 8.1 (Events of Default). 
Cross-acceleration 
Following the service of a Notice of Default (i) no further Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be issued and (ii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven of each Series 
shall become immediately due and payable, together with any accrued interest 
and they will rank pari passu.  
Post-acceleration 
Priority of 
Payments 
Following (i) delivery of a Notice of Default or (ii) a decision by the Cover 
Pool Administrator to early redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series 
pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law and as long 
as no Notice of Default has been delivered, all funds deriving from the Cover

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
Assets or otherwise received or recovered by the Special Estate and subject to 
Condition 9.2 (Excess Cover Assets) (whether in the administration, 
liquidation of the Special Estate or otherwise) (other than amounts or financial 
instruments representing Excess Swap Collateral (if any), which amounts shall 
be applied in accordance with the terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement(s)) 
shall be applied on any Business Day in accordance with the following order 
of priority of payments (the Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and 
to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) 
provided that any such amount that is due to be paid hereunder has not been 
paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the Special Estate: 
(i) 
first, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) payment of all amounts then due and payable to the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders’ 
Representative 
(including 
remuneration or amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under the 
provisions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest 
and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent 
provided therein; (b) payment of all amounts then due and payable to 
the Agents and/or the Registrar (if any) under the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, any Calculation Agency Agreement or any other 
Programme Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or 
other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; (c) payment 
of all amounts then due and payable to the Cover Pool Monitor under 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement or any other 
Programme Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or 
other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; (d) upon its 
appointment in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations, payment of all amounts then due to any Cover Pool 
Administrator (including any of its representatives or delegates) 
pursuant to the conditions of its appointment together with interest and 
applicable VAT or other similar taxes and any costs and expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Special Estate; and (e) pari passu and 
pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in and towards, 
payment of any amounts, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and 
taxes due and payable by the Issuer or the Special Estate to the 
Operational Creditors; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, in and towards, (a) payment of all amounts of interest and 
principal then due and payable on any Mortgage Pandbrieven, (b) 
payment of any amounts due and payable under any Hedging 
Agreement other than the Subordinated Termination Payments to any 
Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements, and (c) 
payment of all amounts due and payable under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement to any Liquidity Facility Provider other than any Junior 
Liquidity Amounts; 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts 
thereof, in and towards, (a) payment of any amount due and payable to 
any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated 
Termination Payment, and (b) payment of any Junior Liquidity

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
Amounts due and payable under any Liquidity Facility Agreement to 
any Liquidity Facility Provider; and  
(iv) 
fourth, following the payment in full of all items (i) to (iii), in and 
towards payment of excess to the General Estate of the Issuer.  
For these purposes: 
Subordinated Termination Payment means any termination payments due 
and payable to any Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement where 
such termination results from (a) an Additional Termination Event relating to 
the credit rating or credit worthiness of the Hedging Counterparty as specified 
in the schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement, (b) the bankruptcy of the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty, or (c) any default and/or failure to perform by 
such Hedging Counterparty under the relevant Hedging Agreement, other than, 
in the event of (a) or (b) above, the amount of any termination payment due 
and payable to such Hedging Counterparty in relation to the termination of 
such transaction to the extent of any premium received by the Issuer from a 
replacement hedging counterparty. 
Junior Liquidity Amount means any amount, including any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses, due and payable to a Liquidity Provider which under 
the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement are expressed to rank junior to 
interest and principal due to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and any other 
party ranking senior in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
See Condition 9.1 (Priority of Payments). 
INFORMATION ON THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN THAT MAY BE ISSUED UNDER 
THE PROGRAMME 
Distribution 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Issuance in Series 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in Series subject to, in each case, the terms set out 
in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Series. Save in respect of the first issue 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven, Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme will 
either be fungible with an existing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven or have different 
terms from any existing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (in which case they will 
constitute a new Series). The Issuer will issue Mortgage Pandbrieven without the prior 
consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues). 
As used herein, Tranche means Mortgage Pandbrieven which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Final Terms  
Final terms (the Final Terms) will be issued and published in accordance with the terms 
and conditions set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven” (the Conditions) prior to the issue of each Series or Tranche detailing 
certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that Series or Tranche only, 
complete the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
the Conditions and the Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be issued (i) in dematerialised form (Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven) in accordance with Article 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian 
Company Code via a book-entry system maintained in the records of the NBB as 
operator of the Securities Settlement System or (ii) in registered form (Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrieven) in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian 
Company Code. Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be delivered in the form of 
an inscription on a securities account. The Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by the Registrar in accordance with 
Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code. See “Forms of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven” below. 
Issue Dates 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each, 
the Issue Date in relation to such Series or Tranche). 
Interest 
Commencement 
Dates 
The date on which interest begins to accrue on a Series or Tranche as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (each, the Interest Commencement Date in relation to such 
Series or Tranche). 
Issue Prices 
The price (usually calculated as a percentage of the principal amount of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to be issued as part of such Series or Tranche) at which a Series or Tranche 
is to be subscribed for at the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each, 
the Issue Price in relation to such Series or Tranche). Mortgage Pandbrieven may be 
issued at par or at a premium or discount to par as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of such Series. 
Specified 
Currency 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) or investor (as applicable). 
Denominations 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms with a minimum specified denomination of EUR 100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency. 
Fixed Rate 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Mortgage Pandbrieven will bear 
interest at a fixed rate (the Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven), which will be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date and on the applicable redemption date and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Mortgage Pandbrieven bear interest 
at a floating rate (the Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven). Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will bear interest at a rate which is the aggregate rate of the rate determined: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service; or

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s), and 
the margin (if any) relating to such floating rate (the Margin) agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms may, in respect of any Series, specify 
a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Zero Coupon 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Mortgage Pandbrieven, bearing no interest 
(Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven), may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount. 
Interest Payment 
Dates 
In relation to any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Interest Payment Dates will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be). 
Early Redemption 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be redeemed prior to their stated maturity for taxation 
reasons in the manner set out in Condition 6.3 (Redemption for taxation reasons) and in 
the event of an illegality in the manner set out in Condition 6.5 (Illegality).  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Proceeds of the 
issue of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be used by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, in relation to 
Mortgage Pandbrieven that are acquired by the Issuer itself, the refinancing of the 
acquisition of such Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or the underlying Residential Mortgage 
Loans). If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other proceeds (if any) on the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be made (a) free and clear of any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes of Belgium, unless the Issuer or any intermediary that intervenes 
in the collection of interest and other proceeds on the Mortgage Pandbrieven is required 
by law to make such a withholding or deduction. In the event that such withholding, or 
deduction is required by law, the Issuer will, except in certain limited circumstances 
set out in Condition 7 (Tax gross-up), be required to pay additional amounts to cover 
the amounts so deducted. In such case and subject to certain conditions, the Issuer may 
also redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption 
for taxation reasons); and (b) subject to any withholding or deduction that, in certain 
specific circumstances, may be required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a rating by the Rating 
Agency. The Issuer may also issue Mortgage Pandbrieven which are unrated. Details 
of the ratings assigned to a particular Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied in relation to 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered for the purposes of the 
CRA Regulation. 
Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Listing and 
admission to trading 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Belgian Financial 
Services and Market Authority (the FSMA). The FSMA only approves this prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme after the date hereof to be admitted to listing 
on the official list and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on a 
regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (MTF) for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU, (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive or MiFID II), as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. The Final Terms relating to 
each Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven will state whether or not the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which markets.  
Delivery of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be deposited with the NBB and interests in 
them will be credited to the accounts held in the clearing system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement System), by Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking AG, Germany (Clearstream, Germany ), 
SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland (SIX SIS, Switzerland), Monte Titoli S.p.A., Italy 
(Euronext Securities Milan, Italy), InterBolsa S.A., Portugal (Euronext Securities 
Porto, Portugal) and any other national or international NBB investors central 
securities depository (NBB investor (I)CSDs) or other Securities Settlement System 
participants or their participants.  
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be registered in a register maintained by the 
Issuer or by the Registrar in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian 
Company Code. 
Securities 
Settlement Systems 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be created, cleared and settled in the 
Securities Settlement System. Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs maintain accounts in the Securities Settlement System. The 
clearing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven through the Securities Settlement System is 
subject to prior approval of the NBB.  
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (the EEA), the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland, Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven. See 
“Subscription and Sale” below. Selling restrictions in respect of a particular Tranche 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
SECTION 2 – RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and are material for taking an informed investment decision with respect to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. However, the inability of the Issuer to pay any amount under any the Mortgage Pandbrief 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on the 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risk factors have been presented in a number of categories depending on their nature. In 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors in each category, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer and the probability of 
their occurrence, have been set out first.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks related to the 
Issuer associated with the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme are described below. 
The Issuer has assessed the most material risks, taking into account the negative impact (including any 
relevant mitigation measures) of such risks on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence (Global 
Criticality). Each risk factor relating to the Issuer is followed by the Issuer's assessment of whether 
such Global Criticality can be assessed as high, medium or low. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme, but the inability of the relevant Issuer to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Mortgage Pandbrieven may occur for 
other reasons which are not known to the Issuer or which the Issuer deems immaterial at this time. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated in it by reference) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings 
in this section. 
1. Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations 
The main categories of risk inherent in BNPPF's business are presented below. They may be measured 
through risk-weighted assets or other quantitative or qualitative indicators, to the extent risk-weighted 
assets are not relevant (for example, for liquidity and funding risk).  
Risk-weighted assets are the total risk exposure amount calculated entering into the calculation of the 
capital ratios in accordance with art. 92 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013: (a) the Common Equity Tier 1 
capital ratio is the Common Equity Tier 1 capital of the institution expressed as a percentage of the total 
risk exposure amount; (b) the Tier 1 capital ratio is the Tier 1 capital of the institution expressed as a 
percentage of the total risk exposure amount; and (c) the total capital ratio is the own funds of the 
institution expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. 
Risk-weighted assets in billions of euros 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
Credit risk 
103,065 
100,365 
Counterparty credit risk 
1,372 
1,059 
Securitisation risk in the banking book 
969 
671 
Operational risk 
8,785 
7,880 
Market risk 
1,579 
1,396 
Equity risk 
13,203 
11,149 
TOTAL 
128,972 
122,520 
The figures in the table above are extracted from the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report which is incorporated 
by reference in this document. 
The total balance sheet of BNP Paribas Fortis amounted to 373.8 billion euros as at 31 December 2023, 
up by 23.6 billion euros or 7 % compared with 350.3 billion euros at 31 December 2022. 
BNPP Paribas Fortis’ Pillar 3 disclosures provide quantitative information on the exposure amount (on 
and off-balance sheet) on which risk-weighted asset for credit and counterparty risk is calculated (see 
chapter 4. Credit and counterparty risk). 
More generally, the risks to which BNPPF is exposed may arise from a number of factors related, among 
others, to changes in its macroeconomic or regulatory environment or factors related to the 
implementation of its strategy and its business. 
The material risks specific to BNPPF's business, determined based on the circumstances known to the 
management as of the date of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, are presented below under seven 
principal categories: credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book; 
operational risk; market risk; liquidity and funding risk; risks related to the macroeconomic and market 
environment; regulatory risks; and risks related to BNPPF's growth in its current environment.  
BNPPF's risk management policies have been taken into account in assessing the materiality of these 
risks; in particular, risk-weighted assets factor in risk mitigation elements to the extent eligible in 
accordance with applicable banking regulations. 
Credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book 
BNPPF’s credit risk is defined as the probability of a borrower or counterparty defaulting on its 
obligations to BNPPF. Probability of default along with the recovery rate of the loan or debt in the event 
of default are essential elements in assessing credit quality. In accordance with the European Banking 
Authority recommendations, this category of risk also includes risks on equity investments, as well as 
those related to insurance activities. As of 31 December 2023, BNPPF's credit risk exposure broke down 
as follows (in millions of euros): corporates (153,480), retail customers (140,713), central governments 
and central banks (59,312), credit institutions (18,802) and other items (4,975). As at 31 December 
2023, 56% of BNPPF's credit exposure was comprised of exposures in Belgium, 6% in France, 10% in

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
Luxembourg, 20% in other European countries1, 1% in North America, and 7% in the rest of the world. 
BNPPF's risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 103,064 million at 31 
December 2023, or 80% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see the chapters entitled "Risk 
Management and Capital Adequacy", "4 Credit and counterparty Credit Risk" and "4.a Credit risk" in 
the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report), compared to EUR 100,365 million at 31 December 2022. 
The total balance sheet of BNP Paribas Fortis amounted to 373.8 billion euros as at 31 December 2023, 
up by 23.6 billion euros or 7 % compared with 350.3 billion euros at 31 December 2022. 
BNPP Paribas Fortis’ Pillar 3 disclosures provide quantitative information on the exposure amount (on 
and off-balance sheet) on which risk-weighted asset for credit and counterparty risk is calculated  (see 
chapter 4. Credit and counterparty risk). 
The exposure  amount subject to risk-weighted asset on this type of risk is the sum of (i) exposure to 
credit risk as reported under subchapter 4.a.1., (ii) counterparty credit risk exposure at default as 
reported under subchapter 4.b.2. and (iii) exposure on structured credits as reported under subchapter 
4.c. 
BNPPF's exposure to counterparty risk2, excluding Credit Valuation Adjustment ("CVA")3 risk as at 31 
December 2023, is comprised of: 54% to the corporate sector, 3% to governments and central banks, 
16% to credit institutions and investment firms and 27% to clearing houses. By product, BNPPF's 
exposure, excluding CVA risk, as at 31 December 2023 was comprised of: 70% in OTC derivatives, 
23% in repurchase transactions and securities lending/borrowing and 7% in contributions to the clearing 
houses' default funds. The level of this counterparty risk varies over time, depending on fluctuations in 
market parameters affecting the potential future value of the covered transactions. In addition, CVA 
risk measures the risk of losses related to CVA volatility resulting from fluctuations in credit spreads 
associated with the counterparties to which BNPPF is subject to risk. The risk-weighted assets subject 
to counterparty risk amounted to EUR 1,372 million at 31 December 2023, representing 1% of BNPPF's 
total risk-weighted assets (see the BNPPF 2023 Pillar 3 Disclosure), compared to EUR 1,059 million at 
31 December 2022. 
With regard to risk related to securitisation4 of the banking book, the bulk of BNPPF's commitments 
are recorded in the prudential banking portfolio. Securitised exposures are essentially those generated 
 
 
1 The Netherlands (2.6%), Great Britain (6.2%), Germany (3.3%), Italy (2.7%), Spain (1.2%), Switzerland (0.8%), Norway 
(0.4%), Sweden (0.4%), Poland (0.4%), Denmark (0.3%), Ireland (0.3%), Austria (0.2%), Finland (0.2%), Romania (0.2%), 
Portugal (0.1%), Hungary (0.1%), Czech Republic (0.1%), other (0.1%). 
2 Counter party risk is the translation of the credit risk embedded in the financial transactions, investments and/or settlement 
between counterparties. Those transactions include bilateral contracts such as over-the-counter (OTC) derivative contracts as 
well as contracts settled through clearing houses. The amount of this risk may vary over time in line with changing market 
parameters which then impacts the replacement value of the relevant transactions. Counterparty credit risk lies in the fact 
that a counterparty may default on its obligations to pay the Issuer the full present value of a transaction or portfolio for 
which the Issuer is a net receiver. Counterparty credit risk is linked to the replacement cost of a derivative or portfolio in the 
event of the counterparty default. Hence, it can be seen as a market risk in case of default or a contingent risk. 
3 Credit valuation adjustment’ or ‘CVA’ means an adjustment to the mid-market valuation of the portfolio of transactions with 
a counterparty. That adjustment reflects the current market value of the credit risk of the counterparty to the institution, but 
does not reflect the current market value of the credit risk of the institution to the counterparty. 
4 Securitization means a transaction or scheme, whereby the credit risk associated with an exposure or a pool of exposures is 
tranched, having all of the following characteristics: (a) payments in the transaction or scheme are dependent upon the 
performance of the exposure or of the pool of exposures; (b) the subordination of tranches determines the distribution of losses 
during the ongoing life of the transaction or scheme;  and (c) the transaction or scheme does not create exposures which possess 
all of the characteristics listed in Article 147(8) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
by BNPPF. BNPPF's securitisation exposure amounted to EUR 4,513 million at 31 December 2023, 
compared to EUR 2,590 million at 31 December 2022. Thus, the securitisation positions held or 
acquired by BNPPF may be categorized by its role in the securitisation transaction: of the exposures as 
at 31 December 2023, BNPPF was originator of 91% and was investor of 9%. The risk-weighted assets 
subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 969 million at 31 December 2023 for BNPPF, or less than 
1% of the total risk-weighted assets for BNPPF (see the BNPPF 2023 Pillar 3 Disclosure), compared to 
EUR 671 million at 31 December 2022. 
A substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded provisions 
exposed to credit risk and counterparty risk could adversely affect BNPPF's results of operations and 
financial condition (Global Criticality: Medium) 
Credit risk and counterparty risk impact BNPPF's consolidated financial statements when a customer 
or counterparty is unable to honour its obligations and when the book value of these obligations in 
BNPPF's records is positive. The customer or counterparty may be a bank, a financial institution, an 
industrial or commercial enterprise, a government or a government entity, an investment fund, or a 
natural person. If the default rate of customers or counterparties increases, BNPPF may have to record 
increased charges or provisions in respect of irrecoverable or doubtful loans (Stage 35) or of performing 
loans (Stages 1 and 2) in response to a deterioration in economic conditions or other factors, which may 
affect its profitability. 
As a result, in connection with its lending activities, BNPPF regularly establishes provisions which are 
recorded on its income statement in the line item, Cost of Risk. These provisions amounted to EUR -
280 million at 31 December 2023, representing 13 basis points of outstanding customer loans 
(compared with 15 basis points at 31 December 2022). In Belgium, there was a lower cost of risk thanks 
to a decrease in stage 1 and 2 provisions partly offset by an increase in provisions in stage 3. At 
Specialised Businesses6, there was a higher cost of risk driven by an increase in provisions in stage 3, 
including a noticeable increase due to the consolidation of Creation Financial Services and Creation 
Consumer Finance in 2023, partly offset by a decrease in stage 1 and 2 provisions. In Luxembourg, the 
cost of risk related to BNPPF normalised at a low level compared to a net release in all stages in 2022. 
In Türkiye, the cost of risk was lower, with a decrease in provisions in all stages compared to a high 
level of provisioning in 2022. 
 
 
5 BNP Paribas Fortis, as foreseen by IFRS 9, identifies three stages that each correspond to a specific status with regard to the 
evolution of counterparty credit risk since the initial recognition of the asset. (1) 12-month expected credit losses (“Stage 1”): 
If at the reporting date, the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased significantly since its initial recognition, 
this instrument is impaired at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses (resulting from the risk of default within the 
next 12 months). (2) Lifetime expected credit losses for non-impaired assets (“Stage 2”): The loss allowance is measured at 
an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk of the financial instrument has increased significantly 
since initial recognition, but the financial asset is not considered credit impaired or doubtful. (3) Lifetime expected credit losses 
for credit-impaired or doubtful financial assets (“Stage 3”): the loss allowance is also measured for an amount equal to the 
lifetime expected credit losses. 
6  The operating segment “Specialised businesses” comprises Arval, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions and Personal Finance. 
Fully owned by BNP Paribas Fortis, Arval specialises in full service vehicle leasing. Arval offers its customers – large 
international corporates, SMEs and professionals – tailored solutions that optimise their employees’ mobility and outsource 
the risks associated with fleet management. Expert advice and service quality, which are the foundations of Arval’s customer 
promise, are delivered in 29 countries. BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions is a European leader in leasing for corporate and small 
business clients. It specialises in rental and finance solutions, ranging from professional equipment leasing to fleet outsourcing. 
Personal Finance comprises Alpha Credit, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas Fortis and the leading provider of 
consumer credits in Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as well as Creation Consumer Services and Creation 
Consumer Finance in the United Kingdom. They market all types of instalment loans (personal loans, car loans, motorbike 
loans, kitchen loans, etc.), as well as payment cards with a permanent cash reserve (revolving credit).

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
BNPPF's overall level of provisions is based on its assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and 
type of lending being conducted, industry standards, past due loans, economic conditions and other 
factors related to the recoverability of various loans or statistical analysis based on scenarios applicable 
to asset classes. BNPPF seeks to establish an appropriate level of provisions 
Although BNPPF seeks to establish an appropriate level of provisions, its lending businesses may have 
to substantially increase their provisions for loan losses or sound receivables in the future as a result of 
deteriorating economic conditions or other causes. Any significant increase in provisions for loan losses 
or a significant change in BNPPF's estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non impaired 
loans, as well as the occurrence of loan losses in excess of the related provisions, could have a material 
adverse effect on BNPPF's results of operations and financial condition. 
For reference, at 31 December 2023, the ratio of doubtful loans to total loans outstanding was 1.85% 
and the coverage ratio of these doubtful commitments (net of guarantees received) by provisions was 
81.3%, compared to 1.81% and 80.90%, respectively, as at 31 December 2022. These two ratios are 
calculated based on figures from the FINREP reporting of BNPPF. 
While BNPPF seeks to reduce its exposure to credit risk and counterparty risk by using risk mitigation 
techniques such as collateralisation, obtaining guarantees, entering into credit derivatives and entering 
into netting agreements, it cannot be certain that these techniques will be effective to offset losses 
resulting from counterparty defaults that are covered by these techniques. Moreover, BNPPF is also 
exposed to the risk of default by the party providing the credit risk coverage (such as a counterparty in 
a derivative or a loan insurance contract) or to the risk of loss of value of any collateral. In addition, 
only a portion of BNPPF's overall credit risk and counterparty risk is covered by these techniques. 
Accordingly, BNPPF has very significant exposure to these risks. 
The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants could adversely affect 
BNPPF (Global Criticality: Medium) 
BNPPF’s ability to engage in financing, investment and derivative transactions could be adversely 
affected by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. Financial institutions are 
interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a result, 
defaults by one or more states or financial institutions, or even rumours or questions about one or more 
financial institutions, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market wide liquidity 
problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. BNPPF has exposure to many counterparties in 
the financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses, brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, and other institutional 
clients with which it regularly executes transactions. BNPPF may also be exposed to risks related to the 
increasing involvement in the financial sector of players and the introduction of new types of 
transactions subject to little or no regulation (such as unregulated funds, trading venues or crowdfunding 
platforms). Credit and counterparty risks could be exacerbated if the collateral held by BNPPF cannot 
be realised, it decreases in value or it is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of 
the loan or derivative exposure due to BNPPF or in the event of the failure of a significant financial 
market participant such as a central counterparty. 
For reference, counterparty risk exposure related to financial institutions was EUR 1,062 million at 31 
December 2023, or 16% of BNPPF’s total counterparty risk exposure, and counterparty risk exposure 
related to clearing houses was EUR 1,767 million, or 27% of BNPPF’s total counterparty risk exposure, 
compared with rates of 16% and 15%, respectively, as at 31 December 2022. 
In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material adverse effect on 
financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
Losses resulting from the risks summarised above could materially and adversely affect BNPPF’s 
results of operations. 
Operational risk 
The BNPPF’s operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from failed or inadequate internal processes 
(particularly those involving personnel and information systems) or external events, whether deliberate, 
accidental or natural (floods, fires, earthquakes, terrorist attacks, etc.). BNPPF’s operational risks cover 
fraud, human resources risks, legal and reputational risks, non-compliance risks, tax risks, information 
system risks, risk of providing inadequate financial services (conduct risk), risk of failure of operational 
processes including credit processes, or from the use of a model (model risk), as well as potential 
financial consequences related to reputational risk management. 
BNPPF's risk-weighted assets subject to operational risk  amounted to EUR 8,785 million at 31 
December 2023, or 7% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see the table entitled "Key capital 
indicators" under paragraph 3.b of the BNPPF 2023 Pillar 3 Disclosure), compared to EUR 7,880 
million, representing 6% of total risk weighted assets, at 31 December 2022. 
BNPPF's risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks, which could lead to material losses (Global Criticality: Low) 
BNPPF devotes significant resources to developing its risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods and intends to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, BNPPF's risk 
management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all 
economic and market environments within which BNPPF operates. These techniques and strategies 
could also prove to be ineffective against all types of risk, particularly risks that BNPPF may have failed 
to identify or anticipate. BNPPF's ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers or its risk 
parameters (such as the value of its assets and effectiveness of its hedges), or its ability to measure risks 
adequately could be affected, as a result of market turmoil or by certain market environments such as 
those experienced in recent years, as the models and approaches it uses become less predictive of future 
behaviour, valuations, assumptions or estimates. Some of BNPPF's qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk are based on its use of observed historical market behaviour. BNPPF applies statistical 
and other tools to these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. The process 
BNPPF uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or estimate the value of certain assets 
requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and 
how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans or impact 
the value of assets, which may, during periods of market disruption or substantial uncertainty, be 
incapable of accurate estimation and, in turn, impact the reliability of the process. These tools and 
metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures, for example, if BNPPF does not anticipate or correctly 
evaluate certain factors in its statistical models, or upon the occurrence of an event deemed extremely 
unlikely by the tools and metrics. This would limit BNPPF's ability to manage its risks. BNPPF's losses 
could therefore be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In addition, BNPPF's 
quantified modelling does not take all risks into account. Its more qualitative approach to managing 
certain risks could prove insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipated losses. 
An interruption in or a breach of BNPPF's information systems may cause substantial losses of client 
or customer information, damage to BNPPF's reputation and result in financial losses (Global 
Criticality: Medium) 
As with most other banks, BNPPF relies heavily on communications and information systems to 
conduct its business. This dependency has increased with the spread of mobile and online banking 
services, the development of cloud computing and more generally the use of new technologies. Any

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
failure or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in 
BNPPF's customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, servicing and/or loan organization 
systems or could cause BNPPF to incur significant costs in recovering and verifying lost data. BNPPF 
cannot provide assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they 
will be adequately addressed. 
In addition, BNPPF is subject to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by a malicious and/or fraudulent act, 
committed virtually, with the intention of manipulating information (confidential data, bank/insurance, 
technical or strategic), processes and users, in order to cause material losses to BNPPF's subsidiaries, 
employees, partners and clients and/or for the purpose of extortion (ransomware). An increasing number 
of companies (including financial institutions) have in recent years experienced intrusion attempts or 
even breaches of their information technology security, some of which have involved sophisticated and 
highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorised 
access, disable or degrade service, steal confidential data or sabotage information systems have become 
more sophisticated, change frequently and often are not recognised until launched against a target, 
BNPPF and its third party service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to 
implement in a timely manner effective and efficient countermeasures. 
Any failures of or interruptions in BNPPF's information systems or those of its providers and any 
subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any client, counterparty or employee of 
BNPPF (or any other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication system could cause 
significant losses and have an adverse effect on BNPPF's reputation, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Regulatory authorities now consider cybercriminality to be a growing systemic risk for the financial 
sector. They have stressed the need for financial institutions to improve their resilience to cyber-attacks 
by strengthening internal IT monitoring and control procedures. A successful cyber-attack could 
therefore expose BNPPF to a regulatory fine, especially should any personal customer data be lost. 
Moreover, BNPPF is exposed to the risk of operational failure or interruption of a clearing agent, foreign 
markets, clearing houses, custodian banks or any other financial intermediary or external service 
provider used by BNPPF to execute or facilitate financial transactions. Due to its increased interaction 
with clients, BNPPF is also exposed to the risk of operational malfunction of the latter's information 
systems. BNPPF's communications and data systems and those of its clients, service providers and 
counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions as a result of cyber-crime or cyber-
terrorism. BNPPF cannot guarantee that these malfunctions or interruptions in its own systems or those 
of other parties will not occur or that in the event of a cyber-attack, these malfunctions or interruptions 
will be adequately resolved. 
Reputational risk could weigh on BNPPF's financial strength and diminish the confidence of clients 
and counterparties in it (Global Criticality: Medium) 
Considering the highly competitive environment in the financial services industry, a reputation for 
financial strength and integrity is critical to BNPPF's ability to attract and retain customers. BNPPF's 
reputation could be harmed if the means it uses to market and promote its products and services were 
deemed to be inconsistent with client interests. BNPPF's reputation could also be damaged if, as it 
increases its client base and the scale of its businesses, its overall procedures and controls dealing with 
conflicts of interest fail, or appear to fail, to address them properly. Moreover, BNPPF's reputation 
could be damaged by employee misconduct, fraud or misconduct by financial industry participants to 
which BNPPF is exposed, a restatement of, a decline in or corrections to, its results, as well as any 
adverse legal or regulatory action, such as the settlement the BNP Paribas Group entered into with the 
U.S. authorities in 2014 for violations of U.S. laws and regulations regarding economic sanctions. The

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
loss of business that could result from damage to BNPPF's reputation could have an adverse effect on 
its results of operations and financial position. 
Market risk 
The BNPPF’s market risk is the risk of loss of value by an unfavourable trend in prices or market 
parameters. The parameters affecting the BNPPF’s market risk include, but are not limited to, exchange 
rates, prices of securities and commodities (whether the price is directly quoted or obtained by reference 
to a comparable asset), the price of derivatives on an established market and all benchmarks that can be 
derived from market quotations such as interest rates, credit spreads, volatility or implicit correlations 
or other similar parameters. 
BNPPF is exposed to market risk mainly through trading activities carried out by the business lines of 
its Corporate & Institutional Banking ("CIB") operating division, in particular in Global Markets, which 
represented 1% of BNPPF's revenue in 2023. BNPPF's trading activities are directly linked to economic 
relations with clients of these business lines, or indirectly as part of its market making activity. 
In addition, the market risk relating to BNPPF's banking activities covers its interest rate and foreign 
exchange rate risks in connection with its activities as a banking intermediary. The "operating" foreign 
exchange risk exposure relates to net earnings generated by activities conducted in currencies other than 
the functional currency of the entity concerned. The "structural" foreign exchange risk position of an 
entity relates to investments in currencies BNPPF uses the concepts of standard rate risk and structural 
rate risk in measuring rate risk. Standard rate risk corresponds to the general case for a given transaction. 
Structural rate risk is the interest rate risk relating to own funds and non-interest-bearing current 
accounts. 
BNPPF's market risk based on its activities is measured by Value at Risk ("VaR")7, and various other 
market indicators (stressed VaR, Incremental Risk Charge) as well as by stress tests and sensitivity 
analysis compared with market limits. 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 1,579 million at 31 December 
2023, or 1% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see the BNPPF 2023 Pillar 3 Disclosure). 
BNPPF may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market fluctuations 
and volatility (Global Criticality: Medium) 
BNPPF maintains trading and investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity 
markets, and in unlisted securities, real estate and other asset classes, including through derivative 
contracts. These positions could be adversely affected by extreme volatility in these markets, i.e., the 
degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market 
levels. Moreover, volatility trends that prove substantially different from BNPPF's expectations may 
lead to losses relating to a broad range of other products that BNPPF uses, including swaps, forward 
and future contracts, options and structured products. 
To the extent that BNPPF owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a market 
downturn could result in losses from a decline in the value of its positions. Conversely, to the extent 
that BNPPF has sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions in any of those markets, a 
market upturn could, in spite of the existing limitation of risks and control systems, expose BNPPF to 
 
 
7 The VaR is a statistical measure indicating the worst loss for a given portfolio over a given time period within a given 
confidence interval under normal market conditions. It is not a maximum loss figure and may be exceeded in some cases, for 
example in the event of abnormal market conditions.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
potentially substantial losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by acquiring assets in a rising 
market. BNPPF may from time to time hold a long position in one asset and a short position in another, 
in order to hedge transactions with clients and/or in view of benefiting from changes in the relative 
value of the two assets. If, however, the relative value of the two assets changes in a direction or manner 
that BNPPF did not anticipate or against which its positions are not hedged, it might realise a loss on 
those paired positions. Such losses, if significant, could adversely affect BNPPF's results and financial 
condition. In addition, BNPPF's hedging strategies may not be suitable for certain market conditions. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that BNPPF uses to hedge its exposure to various 
types of risk in its businesses is not effective, BNPPF may incur losses. Many of its strategies are based 
on historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if BNPPF holds a long position in an asset, 
it may hedge that position by taking a short position in another asset where the short position has 
historically moved in a direction that would offset a change in the value of the long position. However, 
the hedge may only be partial, or the strategies used may not protect against all future risks or may not 
be fully effective in mitigating BNPPF's risk exposure in all market environments or against all types 
of risk in the future. Unexpected market developments may also reduce the effectiveness of BNPPF's 
hedging strategies. In addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting from certain ineffective 
hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in BNPPF's reported earnings. 
The BNP Paribas Group uses a VaR model to quantify its exposure to potential losses from market 
risks, and also performs stress testing with a view to quantifying its potential exposure in extreme 
scenarios (see "Market Risk" in section entitled "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy" in the 
BNPPF 2023 Annual Report). However, these techniques rely on statistical methodologies based on 
historical observations, which may turn out to be unreliable predictors of future market conditions. 
Accordingly, BNPPF's exposure to market risk in extreme scenarios could be greater than the exposures 
predicted by its quantification techniques. 
BNPPF may generate lower revenues from commission and fee based businesses during market 
downturns and declines in activity (Global Criticality: Low) 
Commissions received by BNPPF represented 14% of its total revenues in 2023. Financial and 
economic conditions affect the number and size of transactions for which BNPPF provides securities 
underwriting, financial advisory and other investment banking services. These revenues, which include 
fees from these services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which BNPPF 
participates and can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial changes that are 
unfavourable to its investment banking business and clients. In addition, because the fees that BNPPF 
charges for managing its clients' portfolios are in many cases based on the value or performance of 
those portfolios, a market downturn that reduces the value of its clients' portfolios or increases the 
amount of withdrawals would reduce the revenues it receives from its asset management, equity 
derivatives and private banking businesses. 
Adjustments to the carrying value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfolios and BNPPF's own 
debt could have an adverse effect on its net income and shareholders' equity (Global Criticality: Low) 
The carrying value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, as well as 
its own debt, in its balance sheet is adjusted as of each financial statement date. As at 31 December 
2023, on the assets side of BNPPF's balance sheet, financial instruments at fair value through profit or 
loss, derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes and financial assets at fair value through 
shareholders' equity amounted to EUR 9,419 million, EUR 5,418 million and EUR 10,802 million 
respectively. In the liabilities column, financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and 
derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes amounted to EUR 21,347 million and EUR 
8,271 million, respectively, at 31 December 2023. Most of the adjustments are made on the basis of

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
changes in fair value of BNPPF's assets or debt during an accounting period, with the changes recorded 
either in the income statement or directly in shareholders' equity. Changes that are recorded in the 
income statement, to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value of other assets, affect 
BNPPF's consolidated revenues and, as a result, its net income. A downward adjustment of the fair 
value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfolios may lead to reduced shareholders' equity and, to 
the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value of BNPPF's liabilities, BNPPF's capital adequacy 
ratios may also be lowered. The fact that fair value adjustments are recorded in one accounting period 
does not mean that further adjustments will not be needed in subsequent periods. 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Liquidity risk is that risk that the BNPPF will not be able to meet its commitments or unwind or offset 
a position due to market or financial conditions or factors specific to it, within a given timeframe and 
at a reasonable cost. It reflects the risk of not being able to meet net cash outflows, including those 
related to collateral requirements, over all time horizons from short to long term. 
The liquidity risk of BNPPF can be assessed through its short-term liquidity ratio ("Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio" or "LCR"), which analyses the hedging of net cash outflows during a thirty-day stress period. 
The period-end LCR of BNPPF at 31 December 2023 was 117 per cent. 
See the BNPPF 2023 Pillar 3 Disclosure and the Additional BNPPF 2023 Pillar 3 Disclosure, each of 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
BNPPF's access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of financial crises, 
worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades, increases in sovereign credit spreads 
or other factors (Global Criticality: Low) 
For roughly the last fifteen years, the financial crisis, the eurozone sovereign debt crisis as well as the 
general macroeconomic environment have, at times, adversely affected the availability and cost of 
funding for European banks. This was due to several factors, including a sharp increase in the perception 
of bank credit risk due to exposure to sovereign debt in particular, credit rating downgrades of 
sovereigns and of banks, and debt market speculation. Many European banks, including BNPPF, at 
various points during these periods experienced restricted access to wholesale debt markets for 
institutional investors and to the interbank market, as well as a general increase in their cost of funding. 
In the context of the health crisis, the European Central Bank ("ECB") also set up refinancing facilities 
designed to foster the banks' refinancing of the economy (targeted longer-term refinancing options or 
"TLTRO", on which BNPPF has drawn). Such adverse credit market conditions may reappear in the 
event of a change in monetary policy (as seen, for example, with worsening inflation and the rapid rise 
of interest rates, as well as the end of "quantitative easing" and the changes to the TLTRO terms and 
conditions, in 2022 and 2023), a recession, prolonged stagnation of growth, deflation,  another 
sovereign debt crisis or new forms of financial crises, factors relating to the financial industry or the 
economy in general (including the economic consequences of the invasion of Ukraine) or to BNPPF in 
particular. In such a case, the effect on the liquidity, balance sheet and cost of funding of European 
financial institutions in general, and BNPPF in particular, could be materially adverse and have a 
negative impact on BNPPF's results of operations and financial condition. 
Protracted market declines can reduce BNPPF's liquidity, making it harder to sell assets and possibly 
leading to material losses. Accordingly, BNPPF must ensure that its assets and liabilities properly 
match in order to avoid exposure to losses (Global Criticality: Low) 
In some of BNPPF's businesses, particularly Global Markets (which represented 1% of BNPPF's 
revenue in 2023) and Asset/Liability Management, protracted market movements, particularly asset

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
price declines, can reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce market liquidity. These 
developments can lead to material losses if BNPPF cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely 
way. This is particularly true for assets that are intrinsically illiquid. Assets that are not traded on stock 
exchanges or other public trading markets, such as certain derivative contracts between financial 
institutions, may have values that BNPPF calculates using models rather than publicly‑quoted prices. 
Monitoring the deterioration of prices of assets like these is difficult and could lead to significant 
unanticipated losses (see Chapters 5 ("Note to the Balance Sheet"), 5d ("Measurement of the Fair Value 
of Financial Instruments") and the section entitled "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy", in 
Chapter 9 ("Liquidity Risk") in the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report). 
BNPPF is exposed to the risk that the maturity, interest rate or currencies of its assets might not match 
those of its liabilities. The timing of payments on certain of BNPPF's assets is uncertain, and if BNPPF 
receives lower revenues than expected at a given time, it might require additional market funding in 
order to meet its obligations on its liabilities. While BNPPF imposes strict limits on the gaps between 
its assets and its liabilities as part of its risk management procedures, it cannot be certain that these 
limits will be fully effective to eliminate potential negative effects arising from asset and liability 
mismatches. 
Any downgrade of BNPPF's credit ratings could weigh heavily on the profitability of BNPPF (Global 
Criticality: Low) 
Credit ratings have a significant impact on BNPPF's liquidity.  
On 14 September 2023, Standard & Poor's affirmed BNPPF's long-term issuer credit rating at A+, and 
its short-term rating at A-1, with a stable outlook. 
On 2 January 2024, Fitch affirmed BNPPF's long-term senior unsecured rating at AA-, and its short-
term rating at F1+, with a stable outlook.  
On 18 September 2023, Moody's affirmed BNPPF's long-term senior unsecured rating at A2, and its 
short-term rating at P-1, with a stable outlook. 
Any rating action may occur at any time by any rating agency. 
A downgrade in BNPPF's credit rating could affect the liquidity and competitive position of BNPPF. It 
could also increase BNPPF's borrowing costs, limit access to the capital markets or trigger additional 
obligations under its covered bonds or under certain bilateral provisions in some trading, derivative or 
collateralised financing contacts. As part of the BNP Paribas Group, BNPPF can be highly sensitive to 
a downgrade by rating agencies of the rating of the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group or a 
deterioration of its debt quality. 
In addition, BNPPF's cost of obtaining long term unsecured funding from market investors is also 
directly related to its credit spreads, which in turn depend to a certain extent on its credit ratings. 
Increases in credit spreads can significantly increase BNPPF's cost of funding. Changes in credit spreads 
are continuous, market driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. 
Credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of BNPPF's creditworthiness. Furthermore, 
credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the cost to purchasers of credit default swaps 
referenced to BNPPF's debt obligations, which are influenced both by the credit quality of those 
obligations, and by a number of market factors that are beyond the control of the BNP Paribas Group. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
Adverse macroeconomic and financial conditions have in the past had and may in the future 
significantly affect BNPPF and the markets in which it operates. (Global Criticality: Medium) 
BNPPF's business is affected by changes in the financial markets and more generally by trends in 
economic conditions in Belgium (45% of BNPPF's revenues at 31 December 2023), other countries in 
Europe (40% of BNPPF's revenues at 31 December 2023) and the rest of the world (15% of BNPPF's 
revenues at 31 December 2023). A deterioration in the markets and the economic environment in the 
countries where BNPPF operates and has in the past had, and could again in the future have, various 
impacts including the following: 
(i) 
adverse economic conditions affecting the business and operations of BNPPF's customers, 
reducing credit demand and trading volume and resulting in an increased rate of default on 
loans and other client receivables, in part as a result of the deterioration of the financial 
capacity of companies and households. Since the beginning of 2024, this risk has 
materialised in the form of slow or weak growth in various regions of the world and a risk 
of recession in certain regions (including the Eurozone). As a result, in particular, of the 
2022 and 2023 interest rate increases, and the specific effects of certain events (for example, 
the real estate crisis in China and the commercial real estate crisis in the United States), the 
central scenario drawn up by the BNP Paribas Group’s Economic Research unit, forecasts 
an average annual increase in world GDP of 2.8% for 2023 (versus 3.3% in 2022) and 
increases in Eurozone and US GDP of 0.5% and 2.3%, respectively, for 2023 and around 
1% for these two zones for 2024. In 2024, as in 2023, the global and Eurozone economies 
will be particularly sensitive to inflation and, consequently, to interest rates, as well as to 
the impact of geopolitical events; 
(ii) 
a decline in market prices of bonds, equities and commodities affecting the businesses of 
BNPPF, including in particular trading, investment banking and asset management 
revenues. High volatility over a long period of time can lead to financial asset market 
corrections (including the riskiest assets) and thus generate losses for BNPPF. In addition, 
a sudden change in the level and structure of volatility, or the rapid alteration of periods of 
strong market rises and falls over a shorter period, may make it difficult or more costly to 
hedge certain structured products, thereby increasing the risk of loss for BNPPF; 
(iii) 
macroeconomic or monetary policies adopted in response to actual or anticipated economic 
conditions could have consequences, anticipated or not, on market parameters such as 
interest rates and foreign exchange rates, which in turn can affect BNPPF's businesses that 
are most exposed to market risk. This risk, which was pronounced in 2023 due to the 
significant and rapid monetary tightening carried out by central banks in 2022 and 2023, 
remains relevant in 2024 (see "Significant interest rate changes, and in particular the 
interest rate increases in 2022 and 2023 following a prolonged period of low interest rates, 
could adversely affect BNPPF's results of operations and financial condition"); 
(iv) 
the favourable perception of economic conditions, whether globally or in specific sectors, 
can lead to the formation of speculative asset bubbles and corrections when conditions 
change. This risk persists in 2024 after the recent monetary tightening, particularly in 
specific sectors such as commercial real estate and leveraged finance (see "Significant 
interest rate changes, and in particular the interest rate increases in 2022 and 2023 
following a prolonged period of low interest rates, could adversely affect BNPPF's results 
of operations and financial condition"). For example, falling valuations and fewer 
transactions in the commercial real estate sector are tightening financing conditions and 
increasing investor uncertainty in this market, which may affect the financial strength of 
market participants and hence asset quality. The BNP Paribas Fortis gross on- and off-

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
balance sheet exposure to commercial real estate represented 5.5% of its total on- and off-
balance sheet exposure as at 31 December 2023 and the BNP Paribas Group's Exposure-
at-default ("EAD") represented 5.5% of its total EAD as at 31 December 2023; and  
(v) 
significant one-off economic disruptions related to, or adverse economic consequences 
resulting from, various specific adverse political or geopolitical events (such as the global 
financial crisis of 2008, the European sovereign debt crisis of 2011, the recession caused 
in 2020 and 2021 by the COVID-19 pandemic or high inflation and rising interest rates, as 
well as geopolitical shocks (for example, the invasion of Ukraine in 2022 and the 
emergence of conflict in the Middle East in 2023) having a substantial impact on all of 
BNPPF's businesses, in particular by increasing the volatility and costs of funding sources, 
deteriorating asset quality and financial market corrections, potentially exacerbated by a 
reduction in market liquidity and hence the ability to sell certain categories of assets at fair 
market value or at all. These disruptions could also entail a decline in transaction 
commissions and consumer loans. Geopolitical events could also have an effect, whether 
temporary or permanent, on the economic conditions in which BNPPF operates. 
In addition, numerous factors may impact the economy and the financial markets in the coming months 
or years, in particular geopolitical tensions (notably in Eastern Europe, and in particular, the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and the reaction of the international community for which the consequences on the 
financial markets and the general business climate are significantly unfavourable in the short-term and 
remain uncertain in the long term), political risks directly affecting Europe, general trends in consumer 
and commodity prices (themselves affected by the above-mentioned factors) characterised by high 
inflation, corresponding trends in wages, supply chain pressures, the changing economic situation in 
certain countries or regions that contribute to overall global economic growth, tensions around 
international trade and, as discussed below, the evolution of monetary policy and interest rates. 
More generally, the volatility of financial markets could adversely affect BNPPF's trading and 
investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, as well as its positions in 
other investments. Severe market disruptions and extreme market volatility have occurred often in 
recent years and may occur again in the future, which could result in significant losses for BNPPF. Such 
losses may extend to a broad range of trading and hedging products, including swaps, forward and 
future contracts, options and structured products. The volatility of financial markets makes it difficult 
to predict trends and implement effective trading strategies. 
It is difficult to predict when economic or market downturns or other market disruptions will occur, and 
which markets will be most significantly impacted. If economic or market conditions in Belgium or 
elsewhere in Europe, or Global Markets more generally, were to deteriorate or become more volatile, 
BNPPF's operations could be disrupted, and its business, results of operations and financial condition 
could be adversely affected. 
Significant interest rate changes, and in particular the interest rate increases in 2022 and 2023 
following a prolonged period of low interest rates, could adversely affect results of operations and 
financial condition (Global Criticality: Medium) 
Interest rates rose significantly in 2022 and 2023 after many years of low interest rates. In this context, 
BNPPF's results have been, and could continue to be significantly affected in a number of ways. The 
increase in interest rates increases the cost of funding for BNPPF through higher interest rates on 
liabilities such as short-term deposits, commercial paper and bonds, as well as the risk of arbitrage by 
customers between non-interest-bearing deposits and interest-bearing deposits. This increase in the cost 
of funding could create an imbalance and a reduction in net interest margin as a result of BNPPF holding 
a significant portfolio of loans originated in a low interest rate environment. BNPPF may also have

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
difficulty promptly reflecting higher interest rates in new mortgage or other fixed-rate consumer or 
corporate loans, while the cost of customer deposits and hedging costs would increase more rapidly. In 
addition, in 2022 and 2023, the ECB modified the instruments it previously used to implement 
"quantitative easing" and enhance bank liquidity, through the creation of a "transmission protection 
instrument" and the amendment of the conditions of its longer-term refinancing operations ("TLTRO 
III"); as BNPPF hedges its overall interest rate position, any change in the terms and conditions 
affecting these instruments may lead to adjustments in this hedge, which has had and could have an 
adverse impact on the results of BNPPF. As a result of these adjustments, BNPPF recorded an 
extraordinary charge of EUR 201 million against its net banking income at 31 December 2023.  
Moreover, a portfolio comprising significant amounts of lower-interest loans and fixed-income assets 
as a result of an extended period of low interest rates would (in a rapidly rising market interest-rate 
environment) be expected to decline in value. If BNPPF's hedging strategies are ineffective or provide 
only a partial hedge against such a change in value, it could incur significant losses. 
Higher interest rates increase financial expense for borrowers and may strain their ability to meet their 
debt obligations. Moreover, any rate increase that is sharper or more rapid than expected could threaten 
economic growth in the European Union, the United States and elsewhere. These effects could test the 
resilience of BNPPF's loan and bond portfolios, which could lead to an increase in doubtful loans and 
defaults. More generally, the end of accommodating monetary policies, in particular by the US Federal 
Reserve and the ECB has led and could continue to lead, to sharp corrections in certain markets or assets 
(such as, non-investment grade corporate and sovereign borrowers, particularly commercial, and 
leveraged finance) that particularly benefited from the prolonged period of low interest rates and high 
liquidity and adversely affect market participants. For example, in early 2024, the commercial real estate 
crisis affected the share prices of many US regional banks, as well as the financial condition of some 
major real estate developers. Such corrections could potentially be contagious to financial markets 
generally, including by the effect of substantially increased volatility and heightened investor mistrust, 
generally or in relation to certain sectors, including the banking sector due to its exposure to the 
commercial real estate market or other sectors particularly affected by rising interest rates. BNPPF's 
operations could as a result be significantly disrupted with a consequential material adverse effect on 
its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Given the global scope of its activities, BNPPF is exposed to country risk and to changes in the  
political, macroeconomic or financial contexts of a region or country (Global Criticality: Medium) 
BNPPF is subject to country risk, meaning the risk that economic, financial, political, regulatory or 
social conditions in a given foreign country in which it operates could adversely affect BNPPF’s 
operations, or its results, or its financial condition, or its business. 
BNPPF monitors country risk and takes it into account in the fair value adjustments and cost of risk 
recorded in its financial statements. However, a significant change in political or macroeconomic 
environments may require it to record additional charges or to incur losses beyond the amounts 
previously written down in its financial statements. In addition, factors specific to a country or region 
in which BNPPF operates could make it difficult for it to carry out its business and lead to losses or 
impairment of assets. 
At 31 December 2023, BNPPF’s loan portfolio consisted of receivables from borrowers located in 
Belgium (56%), France (6%), Luxembourg (10%), other European countries (20%), North America 
(1%), and the rest of the world (7%). Adverse conditions that particularly affect these countries and 
regions would have a significant impact on BNPPF.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
With regard to Russia, which is subject to extensive economic sanctions imposed in particular by the 
European Union, the United States and the United Kingdom, gross on- and off- balance sheet exposure 
of the BNP Paribas Group to this country represented 0.03 per cent. of the BNP Paris Group's gross 
exposures on-and off- balance sheet as at 31 December 2023.  
Regulatory risks 
Laws and regulations adopted in recent years, as well as current and future legislative and regulatory 
developments may significantly impact BNPPF and the financial and economic environment in which 
it operates (Global Criticality: Medium) 
Laws and regulations taking effect in recent years in the jurisdictions in which BNPPF operates (in 
particular in Belgium, Europe and the United States)have substantially changed, and in the future could 
potentially continue to substantially change, the environment in which BNPPF and other financial 
institutions operate. 
The most recent measures applicable to financial institutions such as BNPPF include: 
(i) 
more stringent “prudential” (i.e. capital, insolvency, liquidity) requirements, in 
particular, for global systemically important banks such as the BNP Paribas Group, and 
under the 26 June 2013 Regulation of the European Parliament and Council (as 
amended from time to time (“CRR”)), as well as changes to the risk-weighting 
methodologies and methods of using internal models that have led and could lead to 
increased capital requirements; 
(ii) 
in respect of minimum capital requirements in October 2021, the European 
Commission adopted a legislative package to finalise the implementation within the 
European Union of the Basel III agreement adopted by the Group of Central Governors 
and Heads of Supervision (“GHOS”). In the impact assessment accompanying this 
legislative package, the European Commission estimated, on the basis of an EBA 
impact study dated December 2020 and of additional European Commission estimates 
for some EU specific adjustments, that the implementation of the final Basel III 
standards may result in an average increase in total minimum capital requirements 
ranging between 6.4% and 8.4% after full implementation of the reform. On the basis 
of the EBA’s updated impact analysis taking into account the combined effect of the 
reform and the potential consequences of the health crisis, the European Commission 
opted to apply the new capital requirements to EU banks as from 1 January 2025, with 
a phase-in period during which the requirements will be gradually increased through 
2030 (and 2032 for certain requirements). In June 2023, negotiations resulted in a 
provisional agreement between the Council and the European Parliament, which was 
validated in December 2023, and should be formally adopted by the European 
Parliament in the second quarter of 2024; 
(iii) 
strengthening of the powers of existing supervisory bodies and the creation of new 
supervisory authorities, for example, under the Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
“SRM”) placing BNPPF, by virtue of being a subsidiary of BNPP which is a significant 
Eurozone institution, under the direct supervision of the ECB; 
(iv) 
enhancement of recovery and resolution regimes, in particular the adoption of the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive of 15 May 2014, as amended from time to time (the 
“BRRD”) in order to ensure that losses are borne largely by creditors and shareholders 
of banks and to thus minimise losses borne by taxpayers;

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
(v) 
establishment of the national resolution funds by the BRRD and the creation of the 
Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) by the European Parliament and Council of the 
European Union in a resolution dated 15 July 2014 as amended from time to time (the 
“SRM Regulation”), which is authorised to initiate resolution proceedings for banking 
institutions such as BNPPF, and the Single Resolution Fund (the “SRF”), funded via 
annual contributions from financial institutions; 
(vi) 
restrictions on certain types of activities by commercial banks (in particular proprietary 
trading) considered as speculative and thus either prohibited or having to be ring-fenced 
in subsidiaries, and subject to specific capital and funding requirements; 
(vii) 
prohibitions or restrictions on fees for certain types of financial products or activities; 
(viii) 
establishment of national deposit guarantee schemes and a proposed European deposit 
guarantee scheme or deposit insurance which will gradually cover all or part of the 
guarantee schemes of participating countries; 
(ix) 
increased internal control, risk management and reporting requirements with respect to 
certain activities; 
(x) 
implementation of regulatory stress tests (including in relation to climate change risk) 
which could lead to additional regulatory capital requirements (see the BNPPF 2023 
Pillar 3 Disclosure and the BNPPF 2023 Additional Pillar 3 Disclosure); 
(xi) 
greater powers granted to the relevant authorities to combat money laundering and 
terrorism financing, in particular through the creation of a new European authority for 
countering money laundering and financing of terrorism, endorsed by the Council and 
the European Parliament under a provisional agreement dated 13 December 2023; 
(xii) 
more stringent governance and conduct of business rules and restrictions and increased 
taxes on employee compensation over specified levels; 
(xiii) 
changes in securities regulation, in particular of financial instruments (including shares 
and other securities issued by BNPPF); 
(xiv) 
measures to improve the transparency, efficiency and integrity of financial markets and 
in particular the regulation of high frequency trading, more extensive market abuse 
regulations, increased regulation of certain types of financial products including 
mandatory reporting of derivative and securities financing transactions, requirements 
either to mandatorily clear, or otherwise mitigate risks in relation to, over-the-counter 
derivative transactions (including through posting of collateral in respect of non-
centrally cleared derivatives); 
(xv) 
regulation of market infrastructure such as trading platforms, clearing houses, central 
depositories and securities delivery and settlement systems; 
(xvi) 
introduction of enhanced disclosure requirements, including through the introduction 
of new disclosure requirements on (i) how banking groups providing asset management 
services, such as the parent company of BNPPF, integrate sustainability risks, negative 
impacts, sustainable investment objectives or the promotion of environmental or social 
attributes when making investment decisions, (ii) how and to what extent banking

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
groups themselves finance or develop economic activities that can be considered 
environmentally sustainable as defined in the European Taxonomy and (iii) in terms of 
sustainability, how the business of institutions such as BNPPF impacts environmental, 
social and governance issues and the manner in which these issues affect its business, 
its result of operations and its financial condition, as certified by an independent third 
party, in accordance with the texts transposing the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (“CSRD”), which has applied progressively since 1 January 2024; 
(xvii) the introduction of new requirements for the integration of climate risk into the risk 
measurement and management systems of banking groups, including through the 
publication of proposals for banks to manage and disclose climate risk; and 
(xviii) multiplication of measures that are not specific to financial institutions, such as 
measures relating to the investment fund sector or those promoting technological 
innovation such as “open data” access, the development of the regulation of payment 
services, crowdfunding and fintechs.  
Existing measures, as well as those which could be adopted in the future (the impact of which is 
therefore unpredictable), could reduce BNPPF’s ability to allocate and apply its capital and financing 
resources, limit its ability to diversify its risks, reduce the availability of certain financing and liquidity 
resources, increase the cost of financing, increase the cost of compliance, increase the cost or reduce 
the demand for its products and services, require it to effect internal reorganisations, structural changes 
or reallocations, affect its ability to conduct certain activities or to attract and/or retain talent, facilitate 
the entry of new players in the financial services sector or affect the business model of BNPPF and, 
more generally, affect its competitiveness and profitability, which could have a significant impact on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
BNPPF may incur substantial fines and other administrative and criminal penalties for non-compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations, and may also incur losses in related (or unrelated) litigation with 
private parties (Global Criticality: Medium) 
BNPPF is subject to regulatory compliance risk. This risk is exacerbated by the adoption by different 
countries of multiple and occasionally diverging and even conflicting legal or regulatory requirements. 
Besides damage to BNPPF’s reputation and private rights of action (including class actions), non-
compliance could lead to material legal proceedings, fines and expenses (including fines and expenses 
in excess of recorded provisions), public reprimand, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme 
cases, withdrawal by the authorities of operating licences. This risk is further exacerbated by 
continuously increasing regulatory scrutiny of financial institutions as well as substantial increases in 
the quantum of applicable fines and penalties. Moreover, litigation by private parties against financial 
institutions has substantially increased in recent years. Accordingly, BNPPF faces significant legal risk 
in its operations. The volume and amount of damages claimed in litigation, regulatory proceedings and 
other adversarial proceedings against financial services firms have substantially increased in recent 
years and may increase further. BNPPF may record provisions in this respect as indicated in the BNPPF 
2023 Annual Report, under the chapter entitled “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2023”, 
in particular note 5. “Notes to the balance sheet at 31 December 2023” and note 5n. “Provisions for 
contingencies and charges”. 
In this respect, on 30 June 2014 the BNP Paribas Group entered into a series of agreements with, and 
was the subject of several orders issued by, U.S. federal and New York state government agencies and 
regulatory authorities in settlement of investigations into violations of U.S. laws and regulations 
regarding economic sanctions. In 2024, the BNP Paribas Group completed its US sanctions remediation, 
stemming from the 2014 settlements. (Federal Reserve Board – Federal Reserve Board announces

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
termination of enforcement actions with Farmington State Bank, FBH Corporation, and BNP Paribas). 
Since the BNP Paribas Group has fully complied with the provisions of the Cease-and-Desist Order 
issued on 30 June 2014 related to the violations of US laws and regulations on economic sanctions and 
the monitoring of the matter is closed, on 6 February 2024,–the Federal Reserve Board of Governors 
announced the termination of the Cease-and-Desist Order and a related enforcement action. 
BNPPF is currently involved in various litigation and investigations as summarised in the note to its 
consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2023 (see the BNPPF 2023 Annual 
Report, under the chapter entitled “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2023”, in particular 
note 8. “Additional information” and note 8.a “Contingent liabilities: legal proceedings and 
arbitration”). It may become involved in other litigation or investigations at any time. No assurance can 
be given that an adverse outcome in one or more of such matters would not have a material adverse 
effect on BNPPF’s operating results for any particular period. 
BNPPF could experience an unfavourable change in circumstances, causing it to become subject to a 
resolution proceeding or a restructuring outside of resolution: holders of securities of BNPPF could 
suffer losses as a result (Global Criticality: Low) 
The BRRD, SRM Regulation and the law of 25 April 2014, confer upon the NBB or the SRB the power 
to commence resolution proceedings for a banking institution, such as BNPPF, with a view to ensure 
the continuity of critical functions, to avoid the risks of contagion and to recapitalise or restore the 
viability of the institution. These powers must be implemented so as to ensure that losses, subject to 
certain exceptions, are borne first by shareholders, then by holders of additional capital instruments 
qualifying as Tier 1 (such as super subordinated bonds) and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), then 
by the holders of senior non-preferred debt and finally by the holders of senior preferred debt, all in 
accordance with the insolvency ranking in normal insolvency proceedings. For reference, BNPPF's 
medium- to long-term wholesale financing at 31 December 2022 consisted of the following: EUR 0.5 
billion in hybrid Tier 1 debt, EUR 1 billion in Tier 2 subordinated debt, EUR 1.8 billion in subordinated 
debt not recognised in Tier 2, EUR 1.7 billion in structured notes and EUR 8.3 billion in other senior 
unsecured debt.  As of 31 December 2023, the financing consisted of the following: EUR 0.5 billion in 
hybrid Tier 1 debt, EUR 1 billion in Tier 2 subordinated debt, EUR 1.8 billion on subordinated debt not 
recognised in Tier 2, EUR 2 billion in structured notes and EUR 9.5 billion in other senior unsecured 
debt. 
Resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution measures with respect to institutions 
and groups subject to resolution proceedings, which may include (without limitation): the total or partial 
sale of the institution's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the 
replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, the full or partial 
write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital instruments through the issuance of new equity, 
the full or partial write down or conversion into equity of debt instruments, modifications to the terms 
of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or 
imposing a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of 
financial instruments, the dismissal of managers or the appointment of a special manager 
(administrateur spécial). 
Certain powers, including the full or partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital 
instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write down or conversion into equity 
of additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 (such as super subordinated bonds) and Tier 2 
(such as subordinated bonds), can also be exercised, outside of resolution proceedings and/or pursuant 
to the European Commission's State Aid framework if the institution requires exceptional public 
financial support.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to BNPPF may result in significant structural 
changes to BNPPF (including as a result of asset or business sales or the creation of bridge institutions) 
and in a partial or total write down, modification or variation of claims of shareholders and creditors. 
Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of BNPPF's business or separation of any 
of its assets, in the holders of securities (even in the absence of any such write down or conversion) 
being left as the creditors of BNPPF whose remaining business or assets are insufficient to support the 
claims of all or any of the creditors of the BNP Paribas Group. 
Risks related to BNPPF's growth in its current environment 
BNPPF's current environment may be affected by the intense competition amongst banking and non-
banking operators, which could adversely affect BNPPF's revenues and profitability (Global 
Criticality: Medium) 
Competition is intense in all of BNPPF's primary business areas in Belgium and the other countries in 
which it conducts a substantial portion of its business, including other European countries and the 
United States. Competition in the banking industry could intensify as a result of consolidation in the 
financial services area, as a result of the presence of new players in the payment and the financing 
services area or the development of crowdfunding platforms, as well as the continuing evolution of 
consumer habits in the banking sector.  New technologies that facilitate or transform transaction 
processes and payment systems, such as blockchain technologies and related services, or that could 
significantly impact the fundamental mechanisms of the banking system, such as central bank digital 
currencies ("CBDC"), have been developed in recent years or could be developed in the near future. 
While it is difficult to predict the effects of these developments and the regulations that apply to them, 
the use of such technology could nevertheless reduce the market share of banks, including BNPPF, 
secure investments that otherwise would have used technology used by more established financial 
institutions, such as BNPPF or, more broadly, lead to the emergence of a different monetary system in 
which the attractiveness of using established financial institutions, such as BNPPF, would be affected. 
If such developments continue to gain momentum, particularly with the support of governments and 
central banks, and if BNPPF is unable to respond to the competitive environment in Belgium or in its 
other major markets by offering more attractive, innovative and profitable product and service solutions 
than those offered by current competitors or new entrants or if some of these activities were to be carried 
out by institutions other than banks, it may lose market share in key areas of its business or incur losses 
on some or all of its activities. In addition, downturns in the economies of its principal markets could 
add to the competitive pressure, through, for example, increased price pressure and lower business 
volumes for BNPPF and its competitors. It is also possible that the imposition of more stringent 
requirements (particularly capital requirements and business restrictions) on large or systemically 
significant financial institutions, that new players may not be subject to, could lead to distortions in 
competition in a manner adverse to large private sector institutions such as BNPPF. 
BNPPF could experience business disruption and losses due to climate change risks such as transition 
risks, physical risks or liability risks (Global Criticality: Low) 
BNPPF is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own operations or 
indirectly through its financing and investment activities. There are two main types of risks related to 
climate change: (i) transition risks, which result from changes in the behaviour of economic and 
financial actors in response to the implementation of energy policies or technological changes; (ii) 
physical risks, which result from the direct impact of climate change on people and property through 
extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising water levels or increasing temperatures. In 
addition, liability risks may arise from both categories of risk. They correspond to the damages that a 
legal entity would have to pay if it were found to be responsible for global warming. BNPPF is 
progressively integrating the assessment of these risks into its risk management system. The BNP

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
Paribas Group monitors these risks in the conduct of its business, in the conduct of its counterparties' 
business, and in its investments on its own behalf and on behalf of third parties. In this respect, the 
specific credit policies and the General Credit Policy have been enhanced since 2012 and 2014, 
respectively, with the addition of relevant clauses in terms of social and environmental responsibility. 
In addition, sector-specific policies including to rule out certain sectors defined by environmental, social 
and governance criteria have also been implemented. In 2019, as part of the fight against climate change, 
the BNP Paribas Group made new commitments to reduce its exposure to thermal coal to zero by 2030 
in the European Union and by 2040 for the rest of the world. The BNP Paribas Group also supports its 
clients, both individuals and businesses, in their transition to a low-carbon economy. The BNP Paribas 
Group also aims to reduce the environmental footprint of its own operations. Notwithstanding its efforts 
to combat climate change and monitor the related risks, the physical, transitional or liability risks related 
to climate change or any delay or failure to implement environmental, social or governance risk 
management, could have a material adverse effect on the BNPP Group's business, financial condition 
or reputation. 
Changes in certain holdings in credit or financial institutions could have an impact on BNPPF's 
financial position (Global Criticality: Low) 
Certain classes of assets may carry a high risk-weight of 250%. These assets include credit or financial 
institutions consolidated under the equity method within the prudential scope (excluding insurance); 
significant financial interest in credit or financial institutions in which BNPPF holds a stake of more 
than 10%; and deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability and arise from temporary differences. 
The risk-weighted assets carrying a risk-weight of 250% amounted to EUR 5.7 billion at 31 December 
2023, or 4.4% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF. If BNPPF increases the amount of heavy 
risk-weighted assets (either by increasing the proportion of such high risk-weighted assets in its overall 
asset portfolio or due to an increase of the regulatory risk-weighting applicable to these assets), its 
capital adequacy ratios may be lowered.  
2. Risks relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Risks related to Mortgage Pandbrieven in general. 
The risk factors below include a summary description of certain risks relating to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in general: 
The Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven prior to their stated maturity, subject to 
certain conditions 
The Conditions provide for an early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the case of an illegality 
or tax gross-up. Investors willing to reinvest the funds received in such case may face reinvestment risk 
in light of the available investment opportunities at such time. Investors may only be able to reinvest in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Moreover, following the opening of Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool 
Administrator may in certain circumstances proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and early 
redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (see section “Realisation of the Special Estate and Sale of 
Cover Assets” below). There is a risk that, in such circumstances, the proceeds from the liquidation of 
the Special Estate will not be sufficient to cover the Early Redemption Amount due under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and that Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative on their behalf will have to introduce a contingent unsecured claim against the Issuer’s 
general bankruptcy estate in order to preserve their recourse against the General Estate.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven or have different terms to any existing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (in which 
case they will constitute a new Series). All Mortgage Pandbrieven will rank pari passu and pro rata 
without any preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series. 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and service by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative of a Notice of Default, the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all outstanding Series will become 
immediately due and payable against the Issuer. 
Tax laws of the investors’ jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction may have an impact on the 
value and liquidity of and return on the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
This Base Prospectus includes general summaries of the Belgian tax considerations relating to an 
investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Such summaries may not apply to a particular Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holder or to a particular issue and do not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, 
the tax treatment may change before the maturity of Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any potential investor 
should consult its own independent tax adviser for more information about the tax consequences of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Mortgage Pandbrieven in its particular circumstances. 
Credit ratings 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated and one or more 
independent credit rating agencies may assign (additional) credit ratings to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
or the Issuer. Where a Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven is rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches or Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If applicable, the expected credit ratings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is (are) set out in the applicable 
Final Terms for each Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. In addition to issuing Mortgage Pandbrieven that 
are rated, the Issuer may also issue Mortgage Pandbrieven which are unrated. Credit rating agencies 
may also assign (additional) credit rating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven on an unsolicited basis. 
There is no guarantee that ratings will be assigned or maintained. If any credit rating assigned to the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
reduce. 
Liabilities under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be solely obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer will be liable solely in 
its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and such obligations 
will not be the obligations of its respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, any other 
entity or person than the Issuer, in whatever capacity acting, including (without limitation) the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Cover Pool Administrator, the 
Competent Authority, the Agents, the Hedging Counterparties, the Arranger, or the Dealer or any of 
their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. None of the Arranger, 
the Dealer, the Hedging Counterparties, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover 
Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Cover Pool Administrator, the Competent Authority, any company in the 
same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the Programme Documents will accept 
any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
Modifications and waivers under the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Programme Documents 
without Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ consent 
Pursuant to the Conditions and the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may, without the consent or sanction 
of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or any of the other Other Cover Pool Creditors, agree to 
modifications and waivers under the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Programme Documents consent if: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the proposed 
amendment or waiver will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders of any Series; or 
(b) 
such proposed amendment or waiver is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(c) 
the modification in the opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; or 
(d) 
such modification or amendment would cause such Programme Document to better reflect or 
comply with the provisions and requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
Furthermore, the Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the Conditions and the 
Programme Documents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders including Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
certain changes may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of Floating Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in such Condition, without the consent or approval of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
Certain decisions of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders need to be taken at Programme level 
A resolution to direct the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative to start any enforcement 
action must be taken by way of an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of all Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders of all Series then outstanding. 
Limited liquidity in the secondary market in Mortgage Pandbrieven 
A secondary market for Mortgage Pandbrieven may not continue for the maturity of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or it may not provide Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders with liquidity of investment with the 
result that a Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Mortgage 
Pandbrieven readily or at prices that will enable the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder to realise a desired 
yield. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven on a stock exchange, 
regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (MTF). If Mortgage Pandbrieven are not listed or 
traded on any stock exchange, regulated market or MTF, pricing information for the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Mortgage Pandbrieven may be 
adversely affected, and therefore the price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven could be affected by their 
limited liquidity. 
If Mortgage Pandbrieven are not listed or traded on a stock exchange, regulated market or MTF, they 
may be traded on trading systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
multilateral trading systems) or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems, or equivalent trading 
systems). In the event that trading in such Mortgage Pandbrieven takes place outside any such stock 
exchange, regulated market or MTF, the manner in which the price of such Mortgage Pandbrieven is 
determined may be less transparent and the liquidity of such Mortgage Pandbrieven may be adversely 
affected. Investors should note that the Issuer does not grant any warranty to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders as to the methodologies used to determine the price of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are traded 
outside a trading system, however, where the Issuer or any of its affiliates determines the price of such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, it will take into account the market parameters applicable at such time in 
accordance with applicable provisions of law. Even if Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed and/or admitted 
to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Mortgage Pandbrieven 
at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Mortgage Pandbrieven so 
purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If any Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
redeemed in part, then the number of Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding will decrease, which will 
reduce liquidity for the outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any such activities may have an adverse 
effect on the price of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven in the secondary market and/or the existence 
of a secondary market. 
Any Dealer or any of its affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a market maker, liquidity provider, 
specialist or bid intermediary, for an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven. Even if a Dealer is a market-
maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary for an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
secondary market for such Mortgage Pandbrieven may be limited and there is no assurance given as to 
the price offered by a market-maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary or the impact of 
any such quoted prices on those available in the wider market and any such activities may be affected 
by legal restrictions in certain jurisdictions. 
The appointment of an entity acting as a market maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary 
with respect to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, may, under certain circumstances, have a relevant impact on 
the price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the secondary market. 
If it is possible to sell Mortgage Pandbrieven, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the 
market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several 
factors including prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, the time remaining to the stated maturity 
date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and factors affecting the capital markets generally. The 
introduction of additional or competing products in the market may also have a negative effect on the 
price of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. It is therefore possible that an investor selling Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in the secondary market may receive substantially less than their original purchase price. 
Limited liquidity in the secondary market may continue to have a severe adverse effect on the market 
value of debt securities, especially those securities that are more sensitive to prepayment, credit or 
interest rate risk and those securities that have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. Consequently, an investor in the Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be able 
to sell its Mortgage Pandbrieven readily. The market values of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are likely to 
fluctuate and may be difficult to determine. Any of these fluctuations may be significant and could 
result in significant losses to such investor. 
In addition, the forced sale into the market of debt securities held by structured investment vehicles, 
hedge funds, issuers of collateralised debt obligations and other similar entities that are experiencing 
funding difficulties could adversely affect an investor’s ability to sell, and/or the price that an investor 
receives for the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the secondary market.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
Reference Rates and Benchmark   
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR), which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the 
value of such financial instruments (Benchmark), are the subject of national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently 
than it has done in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
The discontinuation of any Benchmark, changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, or 
any other Benchmark Event could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation and 
related provisions of the Conditions as well as the Agency Agreement (as further described in Condition 
4.2(h) (Benchmark replacement)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven linked to such Benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark 
may adversely affect such Benchmark during the term of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven with an Extended Maturity Date. 
To the extent an Extended Maturity Date is applicable in respect of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are subject to an extension risk. 
The Final Terms applicable to a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven may provide that the obligations of 
the Issuer to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven on the Maturity Date may be deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date.  
Pursuant to Article 13/1, §2, 2nd par. of Annex III to the Banking Law, an extension of the maturity date 
may not result in a chance of the sequence of the maturity dates of the Series of the Programme. 
Therefore, the Extended Maturity Date in respect of any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (the 
Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven) shall be the earlier of (i) the Extended Maturity Date as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the maturity date (as extended, if applicable) of any other Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven falling after the original Maturity Date of the Relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven.  
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, the Extended Final Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms shall not be later than one year after the original Maturity Date. 
The relevant Extension Trigger Event will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and can be one or 
any combination of Failure To Pay and/or Liquidiation Or Resolution (each as defined in Condition 6.2 
(Extension of Maturity Date)). 
If an Extension Trigger Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms occurs, the Issuer (or, in case 
of a liquidation procedure (as defined in Article 3, 59° of the Banking Law) or resolution (as defined in 
Article 3, 55° of the Banking Law) in respect of the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator) may extend 
the applicable original Maturity Date to the applicable Extended Maturity Date (and the obligation of 
the Issuer to redeem the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be deferred accordingly) in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 6.2 (Extension of Maturity Date) and in each case subject to Article 
13/1 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
 Notwithstanding such extension, the Issuer shall be entitled to pay, in whole or in part, any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount remaining unpaid on the relevant Maturity Date, on any

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
Interest Payment Date after the original Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date 
(provided that it will in any event have to be paid in full on the relevant Extended Maturity Date). If on 
any such Interest Payment Date, the Issuer pays only a part of the Final Redemption Amount, this repaid 
amount will be apportioned to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders pro rata the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of their Mortgage Pandbrieven. The payment of the (remaining) Final Redemption Amount 
shall become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event the maturity of the Final Redemption Amount is extended from the applicable Maturity 
Date until the Extended Maturity Date, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders shall not be entitled to 
accelerate the Mortgage Pandbrieven or to take any action against the Issuer and the Special Estate. The 
amount unpaid under the Mortgage Pandbrieven will continue to accrue interest up to the Extended 
Maturity Date or, if redeemed earlier in full, on such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, in accordance with the Conditions and the Issuer will make payments 
of accrued interest on each relevant Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity 
Date or, if redeemed earlier in full, on such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are redeemed in full, until the Final Redemption Amount is paid in full. Unless otherwise set out in the 
applicable Final Terms of the relevant Series, no other amount is payable as a result of the extension of 
the Maturity Date being triggered. 
It should be noted that an extension of the maturity of a particular Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will 
not automatically result in an extension of the maturity date of any other Series.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
3. Risks relating to the Special Estate and the Cover Assets 
The risk factors below include a summary description of certain risks relating to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, more specifically in relation to the Special Estate. 
Liquidity risk 
The maturity and amortisation profile of the Cover Assets may not match the repayment profile and 
maturities of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
In order to comply with the Covered Bond Regulations the Programme needs to incorporate solutions 
addressing this liquidity risk. The Liquidity Test set out in Article 7 § 1 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree in particular requires that the Special Estate must contain sufficient liquid and available Cover 
Assets to provide a liquidity buffer in order to enable the Issuer to cover the net liquidity outflows of 
the relevant Programme at any time, as well as the maximum amount of the sum of the net liquidity 
outflows calculated over a six month period. If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, then such Extended Maturity Date (instead of the 
original Marurity Date) will be taken into account when determining the net liquidity outflow. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may address liquidity risk and ensure compliance with the Liquidity 
Test by entering into a liquidity facility (provided the counterparty is a credit institution outside the 
group that satisfies certain credit quality requirements) or by holding Cover Assets with a short-term 
amortisation profile or liquid assets such as cash. The Conditions include an undertaking of the Issuer 
with regard to liquidity of the Special Estate (see Condition 2.6 (c)).  
Characteristics of the Cover Assets in the Special Estate are subject to change 
There is no assurance that the characteristics allocated to the Cover Assets to the Special Estate on the 
Issue Date of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will remain the same on any date thereafter. It is 
expected that the composition of the Special Estate will change frequently as a result of additions, 
removals and/or substitutions of Cover Assets. Cover Assets will however need to satisfy the 
requirements of Covered Bond Regulations. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will not receive detailed information or statistics on the Cover Assets 
in the Special Estate other than the information included in the Investor Report, in accordance with 
Article 15/1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and Article 12 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. The 
Cover Pool Monitor shall at least once a month verify whether the Statutory Tests and the requirements 
in relation to the Cover Register are met. The Cover Pool Monitor shall immediately inform the NBB 
if it establishes that the Issuer no longer satisfies the requirements. At the end of each accounting year 
of the Issuer, the Cover Pool Monitor shall furthermore deliver a report to the NBB including the result 
of its monitoring duties and confirming whether the Mortgage Pandbrieven in all material respects 
comply with the requirement of the Covered Bond Regulations in terms of (i) the qualitative 
requirements and valuation of the Cover Assets, (ii) compliance with the Statutory Tests, and (iii) the 
correct registration of Cover Assets in the Cover Register. 
Factors that may impact the realisable value of the Cover Assets and the Special Estate 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders together with the Other Cover Pool Creditors will have an exclusive 
recourse against the Special Estate. The value of the Special Estate may vary over time, as the economic 
value of the Cover Assets may increase or decrease. The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or 
guarantee that the value of the Cover Assets will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the 
origination of the related Residential Mortgage Loan or at any other time. Although the Statutory Tests 
(and the Issuer’s obligations to remedy breaches of the Statutory Tests) are intended to ensure that the

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
value of the Special Estate as determined in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations is 
greater than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven covered by the Special 
Estate, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will at all times (be able to) do so at the time of 
realisation and that the Cover Assets could be realised for sufficient value to enable the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Below is a description of certain factors that may adversely impact the realisable value of Residential 
Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets and their Related Security comprising part of the Special 
Estate. 
Payments on Residential Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks 
Payments on the Residential Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. This 
may be due to general economic factors such as market interest rates, inflation, changes in the national 
or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws and 
regulatory changes and developments. Also individual factors related to the Borrower (such as loss of 
earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors) and its financial standing may lead to an increase in 
filings for a collective debt arrangement or bankruptcy proceedings by Borrowers and delinquencies. 
Each of these factors may have an adverse impact on the ability of Borrowers to repay their Residential 
Mortgage Loan and could reduce the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans (and potential losses) in 
case the Special Estate would need to be liquidated. The ultimate effect of this could be to delay or 
reduce the payments on the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Risks of losses associated with declining real estate values and geographical concentration of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans 
The value of the Residential Mortgage Loans included as Cover Assets in the Special Estate may be 
affected by, among other things, a decline in property values of the real estate securing such Residential 
Mortgage Loans. Certain geographic regions may thereby be subject to weaker regional conditions and 
housing markets than others. Although Borrowers are located throughout Belgium, the Borrowers may 
be concentrated in certain locations. No assurance can be given that property values will remain at the 
level at which they were on the date of origination of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loans. 
A decline in such property values may result in losses under the Residential Mortgage Loans if the 
mortgages securing such loans are required to be enforced. A concentration of Borrowers in weaker 
performing regions areas may furthermore result in a greater risk of loss than would be the case if such 
concentration had not been present.  
Changes to the origination criteria of the Issuer 
The Residential Mortgage Loans are originated in accordance with the Issuer’s origination criteria at 
the time of origination. Such origination criteria will generally consider, inter alia, type of property, 
term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, status of applicant and credit history. The Issuer 
retains the right to revise its origination criteria from time to time but it would only do so if such a 
change would be required in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or acceptable to a 
reasonable, prudent mortgage lender. If the origination criteria change in a manner that results in the 
Issuer applying more flexible acceptance criteria for Residential Mortgage Loans, this may lead to 
increased delinquencies and defaults under the Residential Mortgage Loans and may affect the 
realisable value of the Special Estate, or part thereof. This may in turn impact on the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
Realisation of the Special Estate and Sale of Cover Assets 
Realisation of the Special Estate may occur in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
the Issuer, or upon its appointment by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may need to 
liquidate the Special Estate in whole or in part in order to repay the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and the service of a Notice of Default by 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative; 
(b) 
following the initiation of winding-up proceedings against the Issuer and the appointment of 
the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may subject to 
approval of the NBB and after consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate in order to repay the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders to the extent the Cover Assets are not sufficient or risk not being sufficient 
to satisfy the obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven; or 
(c) 
following the initiation of winding-up proceedings against the Issuer and the appointment of 
the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may after consultation 
with the NBB and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, proceed with the 
liquidation of the Special Estate in whole or in part and the repayment of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders when a decision (by simple majority) to that effect has been taken at a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders at which at least two thirds of the principal amount 
of all Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series is represented. 
There is no assurance that in case of such realisation of the Special Estate, the liquidation proceeds will 
be sufficient to pay all amounts due to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors under and in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Programme Documents in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments (See also “Factors that may impact the realisable 
value of the Cover Assets and the Special Estate” below). The Mortgage Pandbrieven may therefore be 
repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Following its appointment, the Cover Pool Administrator, or any person appointed by the Cover Pool 
Administrator, will furthermore sell or be entitled to sell, in whole or in part, the Cover Assets in order 
to help satisfy the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any such transaction 
that entails or risks to entail that the Cover Tests, the Liquidity Test or the contractual provisions can 
no longer be fulfilled, will require the prior approval of the NBB and of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative. 
There is no guarantee that the Cover Pool Administrator will be able to sell in whole or in part the Cover 
Assets as the Cover Pool Administrator may not be able to find a buyer at the time it chooses to sell. 
Security interest securing both Cover Assets and cover assets of other special estate(s) 
Most of the Residential Mortgage Loans are secured by a Mortgage which is used to also secure all 
other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer (alle sommen 
hypotheek/hypothèque pour toute somme) (an All Sums Mortgage). 
Pursuant to Article 81quinquies of the Belgian act on mortgages (hypotheekwet/loi hypothécaire) (the 
Mortgage Act) a receivable secured by an All Sums Mortgage which is registered in the Cover Register 
shall, in respect of such mortgage, (i) rank in priority to any receivable which arises after the date of the 
registration and (ii) have equal ranking with loans or debts which existed at the time of the registration, 
unless stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
Other Mortgage Loans have been originated under credit facilities which have the form of a revolving 
facility (kredietopening / ouverture de crédit) (a Credit Facility). The Mortgage that is granted as 
security for this type of loans is used to secure all advances (voorschotten / avances) made available 
under such Credit Facility. In many cases the Mortgage that is created in respect of this type of loans is 
in addition to all other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer.  
Pursuant to Article 81quater of the Mortgage Act, an advance granted under a revolving facility secured 
by a mortgage can be registered in the Cover Register. Such advance will benefit from the privileges 
and mortgages securing the revolving facility. The advance registered in the Cover Register shall, in 
respect of the mortgage securing the revolving facility, (i) rank in priority to further advances that are 
granted after the date of registration and (ii) have equal ranking with other advances which existed at 
the time of the registration, unless stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions. 
If a security interest (including any mortgage and mortgage mandate) secures both Cover Assets and 
cover assets of other special estate(s) of the Issuer, proceeds from the enforcement of any such security 
interest shall be applied pari passu and pro rata to satisfy the obligations in relation to the different 
special estates of the Issuer. 
Transfer of the Special Estate in case of distress 
The Competent Authority may designate the Cover Pool Administrator in the circumstances set out in 
Article 8 of Annex III to the Banking Law and in accordance with the Cover Pool Administrator Royal 
Decree (as defined in Section 4 Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations). If bankruptcy 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator may, subject to approval of 
the Competent Authority and following consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, transfer the Special Estate (i.e. all its assets and liabilities) and its management to an 
institution which will be entrusted with the continued performance of the obligations to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with the Conditions (and the applicable Final Terms) and the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
The rights of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders against the Special Estate will be maintained and will 
follow the Special Estate on any such transfer. In similar vein, Book II, Titel VIII of the Banking Law 
entitles the National Resolution Authority to take resolution action in relation to any failing credit 
institution. Such resolution action may, amongst other things, result in a transfer of assets and liabilities 
or branches of activity of a credit institution, which may include the Special Estate. Article 6/1 of Annex 
III to the Banking law specifies that, in the case of such a transfer, the claims of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and Other Creditors shall be maintained and transferred together with the Special 
Estate’s Cover Assets. Investors should be aware that in such circumstances, the obligor under the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be the institution to which the Special Estate is transferred. 
Other Cover Pool Creditors and subordination 
Certain other creditors of the Issuer acting in relation to the issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven also 
have, in accordance with the Conditions and the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, recourse against 
the Special Estate. These include the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool 
Monitor, any Hedging Counterparty, any Liquidity Facility Provider, the Cover Pool Administrator as 
well as any of the other Other Cover Pool Creditors (as defined in Condition 1 (Interpretation)). In 
accordance with the Priority of Payments (see Condition 9 (Priority of Payments)), the claims of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders may thereby be subordinated to the claims of the Cover Pool 
Administrator, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Registrar, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, the Operational Creditors and any Hedging Counterparty and any Liquidity Facility 
Provider (subject to certain exceptions). As a result, it is possible that none or only part of the proceeds

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
of the Special Estate are available to satisfy amounts due and payable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders 
This risk is to some extent mitigated by the Statutory Tests (see “General Description of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven” below). 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders may not immediately accelerate the Mortgage Pandbrieven upon 
a breach of the Statutory Tests or the Issuer's bankruptcy 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders should be aware that the breach of the Statutory Tests, the non-
compliance of the Issuer with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and the opening of bankruptcy 
proceedings with respect to the Issuer will not as such give them the right to declare the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven immediately due and payable. Other than pursuant to an Event of Default under Condition 
8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law 
(following a winding-up of the Issuer when a decision (by simple majority) to that effect has been taken 
at a meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders at which at least two thirds of the principal amount of 
all Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series is represented), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders cannot cause 
an acceleration or early repayment of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Bankruptcy proceedings under Belgian Law 
If bankruptcy proceedings were initiated against the Issuer in Belgium, a receiver would be appointed 
over the Issuer, and, if not previously appointed, the Cover Pool Administrator in respect of the Special 
Estate. The initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the Issuer would not affect the relevant powers 
of the Cover Pool Administrator to manage the Special Estate to the exclusion of the Issuer and the 
insolvency administrator. The purpose of such management is to ensure compliance with the obligations 
under the Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, bankruptcy proceedings would be limited to the General Estate of the Issuer, since the 
Special Estate do not form part of the bankruptcy estate of the Issuer. The proceedings do not cause the 
obligations and debts covered by the Special Estate (such as those resulting from the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) to become due and payable. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, a receiver has a legal obligation to co-operate with 
the Competent Authority and the Cover Pool Administrator in order to enable them to manage the 
Special Estate in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. There may be certain 
practical difficulties in this respect, which may cause a delay in the execution of the obligations of the 
Special Estate towards the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
Whenever a credit institution is subject to a resolution measure in accordance with the provisions of the 
Banking Law (or if all conditions are fulfilled for initiating a resolution measure), no liquidation 
proceedings (“faillissement/faillite”) can be started without the prior approval of the National 
Resolution Authority (Article 273 of the Banking Law). 
The Banking Law incorporates private international law principles transposing Directive 2001/24/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of 
credit institutions (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Institutions Insolvency 
Directive) into Belgian law. The Credit Institutions Insolvency Directive applies to credit institutions 
and their branches set up in Member States other than those in which they have their head offices, as 
defined in Directive 2000/12/EC, subject to the conditions and exemptions laid down in the Credit 
Institutions Insolvency Directive. Only the administrative or judicial authorities of the home member 
state which are responsible for winding-up are empowered to decide on the opening of winding up 
proceedings.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
Commingling Risk 
In accordance with Article 3, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, cash amounts held by the Issuer as 
a result of collections on, or as, Cover Assets will, by operation of law, form part of the Special Estate. 
In the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, the ability of the Special Estate to make timely payments on 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven may in part depend on the availability of such cash amounts. To the extent 
such amounts are held on bank accounts with the Issuer, the existence of commingling risk in respect 
of such amounts can, as a practical matter, not be excluded. This risk is however mitigated to some 
extent by the revindication mechanism provided in Article 3, §2 second indent of Annex III to the 
Banking Law pursuant to which the property rights over any amounts that are part of the Special Estate 
but that cannot be identified as such in the General Estate, are transferred by operation of law to other 
unencumbered assets in the General Estate selected in accordance with the criteria specified in 
Condition 12 (Mortgage Pandbrieven Provisions). The bankruptcy trustee or liquidator of the General 
Estate has an obligation to transfer such selected assets to the Cover Pool Administrator upon receipt 
of a claim therefore. 
Set-off risk 
The registration of Residential Mortgage Loans as Cover Assets in the Special Estate will, in principle, 
not be notified to the underlying debtors. Under Belgian law, legal set-off occurs where two persons 
hold claims against each other, provided, in general, that their debts exist, are fungible, liquid 
(vaststaand/liquide) and due (opeisbaar/exigible). As a result, set-off rights may therefore continue to 
arise in respect of cross-claims between an underlying debtor of a Residential Mortgage Loan and the 
Issuer, potentially reducing amounts receivable by the Special Estate. 
Pursuant to the Mobilisation Law, a Residential Mortgage Loan in the Special Estate will however no 
longer be subject to set-off risk by the underlying debtor: (a) following notification of the 
registration/transfer of the relevant loan to the underlying debtor (or acknowledgement thereof by the 
underlying debtor), to the extent the conditions for set-off are only satisfied after such notification (or 
acknowledgment); and (b) regardless of any notification or acknowledgement of the 
registration/transfer, following the start of insolvency proceedings or the occurrence of a situation of 
concurrence of creditors (samenloop/concours) in relation to the Issuer, to the extent the conditions for 
set-off are only satisfied following or as a result of such insolvency proceedings or concurrence of 
creditors. 
The Residential Mortgage Loans in the Special Estate may nevertheless still be subject to the rights of 
the underlying debtors of Residential Mortgage Loans to invoke set-off to the extent that the relevant 
claims against the Issuer arise, or the conditions for set-off against the Issuer are met, prior to the earlier 
of (i) the notification (or acknowledgement) of the registration of the loan or (ii) the start of insolvency 
proceedings or the occurrence of a situation of concurrence of creditors in respect the Issuer. The 
exercise of set-off rights by underlying debtors may adversely affect the value of the Special Estate, 
may additionally affect any sale proceeds of the Special Estate and may ultimately affect the ability of 
the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, to make payments under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
Mortgage mandates 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, a Residential Mortgage Loan which is partly 
secured by a mortgage mandate may be included in the Special Estate. Subject to certain valuation rules 
(see section “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – Cover Test – Valuation 
methodology” below), the amounts secured by the mortgage mandate may be taken into account for 
purposes of the Cover Tests.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
Investors should be aware that such mortgage mandate does not constitute an actual security which 
creates a priority right of payment out of the proceeds of a sale of the mortgage property, but would 
first need to be converted into a mortgage. The mortgage mandate is an irrevocable power of attorney 
granted by a Borrower (as defined herein) or a third party provider of Related Security to certain 
attorneys enabling them to create a mortgage as security for the Residential Mortgage Loan (or, as the 
case may be, for other existing or future loans or all other sums owed by the Borrower to the Issuer at 
any stage). A mortgage will only become enforceable against third parties upon registration of the 
mortgage at the relevant mortgage registrar. The ranking of the mortgage is based on the date of 
registration. The registration is dated the day on which the mortgage deed pertaining to the creation of 
the mortgage and the “registration extracts” (borderellen/bordereaux) are registered at the relevant 
mortgage registrar’s office. Prior to such registration, third parties acting in good faith may register 
prior-ranking mortgages. 
In certain circumstances, exercise of a mandate may no longer be possible or may no longer result in 
valid and effective security. The following limitations, amongst others, exist in relation to the 
conversion of mortgage mandates: 
(a) 
the Borrower or the third party collateral provider that has granted a mortgage mandate may 
transfer or otherwise encumber the relevant piece of real estate to a third party acting in good 
faith, and a mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the mortgage mandate after such 
transaction has been recorded at the mortgage register will not be enforceable against that third 
party, although this would generally constitute a contractual breach of the standard loan 
documentation; 
(b) 
the Borrower or the third party collateral provider that has granted a mortgage mandate, may 
grant a mortgage to a third party that will rank ahead of the mortgage to be created pursuant to 
the conversion of the mortgage mandate, although this would generally constitute a contractual 
breach of the standard loan documentation; 
(c) 
if a conservatory or an executory seizure of the real property covered by the mortgage mandate 
has been filed by a third party creditor of the Borrower or, as the case may be, of the third party 
collateral provider, a mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the mortgage mandate 
after the writ of seizure has been recorded at the mortgage register, will not be enforceable 
against the seizing creditor; 
(d) 
if the Borrower or the third party collateral provider is an undertaking (onderneming/entreprise) 
within the meaning of Article I.1, 1° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (i.e. individuals 
carrying out a professional activity on a self-employed basis) or commercial entity: 
(i) 
the mortgage mandate can no longer be converted following the bankruptcy of the 
Borrower or, as the case may be, the third party collateral provider and any mortgage 
registered at the mortgage register after the bankruptcy judgement is void; and 
(ii) 
a mortgage registered at the mortgage register pursuant to the exercise of a mortgage 
mandate during the pre-bankruptcy investigation period (i.e. after the date of cessation 
of payments that may be fixed by the court) for a pre-existing loan will not be 
enforceable against the bankrupt estate. Under certain circumstances, the clawback 
rules are not limited in time, for example where a mortgage has been granted pursuant 
to a mortgage mandate and in order to “fraudulently prejudice” creditors; and

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
(iii) 
mortgages registered after the day of cessation of payments of debt can be declared 
void by the bankruptcy court, if the registration was made more than 15 days after the 
creation of the mortgage; and 
(iv) 
the effect of a judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie/réorganisation 
judiciaire) of a Borrower or of a third party collateral provider on the mortgage mandate 
is uncertain; 
(e) 
if the Borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is not an undertaking 
and started collective debt settlement proceedings, a mortgage registered at the mortgage 
register after the court has declared the request admissible, is not enforceable against the other 
creditors of the Borrower or of the third party collateral provider; 
(f) 
besides the possibility that the Borrower or the third party collateral provider may grant a 
mortgage to another lender discussed above, the mortgage to be created pursuant to a mortgage 
mandate may also rank behind certain statutory mortgages (such as e.g. the statutory mortgage 
of the tax and the social security authorities) to the extent these mortgages are registered before 
the exercise of the mortgage mandate. In this respect, it should be noted that the notary involved 
in preparing the mortgage deed will need to notify the tax administration, and, as the case may 
be, the social security administration before finalising the mortgage deed pertaining to the 
creation of the mortgage; 
(g) 
if the Borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is a private person, 
certain limitations apply to the conversion of the mortgage mandate into a mortgage if the 
Borrower or third party collateral provider dies before the conversion; certain limitations also 
apply in case of a dissolution of the Borrower or third party collateral provider that is a legal 
person. 
Once a mandate is exercised, the ensuing mortgage will rank at the highest level available at the time 
of registration of such mortgage. 
Financial institutions should consult their own legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Mortgage Pandbrieven under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
In order to provide a hedge against interest rate or currency risks in respect of amounts received by the 
Issuer under the Residential Mortgage Loans forming part of the Cover Assets and its obligations under 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer may enter into one or more Hedging Agreements with a Hedging 
Counterparty in respect of certain Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
A Hedging Counterparty is only obliged to make payments to the Issuer under a Hedging Agreement 
as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations thereunder. If the Hedging Counterparty is 
not obliged to make payments under the Hedging Agreement or if it defaults itself on its obligations to 
make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Issuer on 
the due date for payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to the risks 
intended to be covered by such Hedging Agreement. As a result, the Issuer may have insufficient funds 
to make payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If a Hedging Agreement terminates, then the Issuer may be obliged to make a termination payment to 
the relevant Hedging Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, nor can there be any

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement hedging agreement, or if one is entered 
into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a 
downgrade of the then current ratings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven by a Rating Agency. 
If the Issuer is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Hedging Agreement, such termination 
payment will rank pari passu with amounts due on the Mortgage Pandbrieven, except where such 
termination has been caused by the default, or downgrade of, the relevant Hedging Counterparty. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Time subordination 
Taking into account that the Final Terms of different Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven may provide for 
different maturity dates, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Cover Pool Administrator, will be entitled 
to apply available funds in order to repay earlier maturing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, which may 
mean that there may be fewer assets available to support later maturing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
This risk is however mitigated in case of early redemption as set out in Article 11, 6° and 7° of Annex 
III to the Banking Law. 
Potential conflicts of interest between the Issuer acting as Calculation Agent and the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders 
The Calculation Agent is entitled to carry out a series of determinations which affect the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (save for the Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven). Such determinations could have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and on the amounts payable to investors under 
the Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, whether in the case of an early redemption event or at 
maturity, giving rise to a potential conflict of interest in respect of the interests of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative's powers may affect the interests of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, in connection with the exercise of its powers, 
authorities and discretions (including, without limitation, any modification or determination) have 
regard to the general interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders as a whole, but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders or the consequences of any such exercise for individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
Accordingly, a conflict of interest may arise to the extent that the interests of particular Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders are not aligned with those of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders generally. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities or discretions, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of any 
one or more Series could or would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative may determine that it will not exercise such power, authority or discretion without the 
approval of such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders by Extraordinary Resolution. Provided that the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative acts in good faith, as described in the foregoing, it will 
not incur any liability to any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, any Other Cover Pool Creditor or 
any other person for so doing. 
Early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Cover Pool Administrator:

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
(a) 
may in consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and subject to 
approval by the NBB, proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early 
redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven where the Cover Assets are not, or risk not being, 
sufficient to satisfy the obligations under all of the Mortgage Pandbrieven; 
(b) 
will, in consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the NBB, 
proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven when a majority decision (simple majority) has been taken to this effect at a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders at which at least two thirds of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series are represented; the Issuer, the Cover 
Pool Administrator or a qualifying portion of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (see Part 3 of 
Section “Meeting rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders”) may convene a meeting of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders for such purpose. 
The Issuer and other members of the BNP Paribas Group may subscribe, acquire and hold Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
The Issuer intends to offer the issued Mortgage Pandbrieven to the Issuer itself and other members of 
the BNP Paribas Group, which entities may subscribe to, acquire and hold the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
In accordance with Article 10, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Conditions explicitly provide 
that the Issuer (and such other members of the BNP Paribas Group) will be entitled to exercise all rights 
related to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, including in relation to any meetings of Pandbrieven Holders and 
will be free to vote in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (unless otherwise provided in any agreement 
entered into by such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder). There could be a potential for concentration of 
ownership and control within the BNP Paribas Group, which could impact decision-making processes, 
introduce (apparent) conflicts of interest, and affect the overall stability and perception of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in the market.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
SECTION 3 – IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document is a base prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
Market data and other statistical information used in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from a 
number of sources, including independent industry publications, government publications, reports by 
market research firms or other independent publications (each an Independent Source). The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and able 
to ascertain from information published by the relevant Independent Source, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not 
independently verified the market data and statistical information used in the Base Prospectus and 
extracted from an Independent Source. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on 
websites mentioned herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the FSMA. 
The Dealers and the Arranger 
Neither the Arranger, nor the Dealers, nor the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (as 
defined below) have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of the Arranger, the 
Dealers or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, any Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
does not accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, 
made or purported to be made by the Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue 
and offering of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to in this section) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. The statements made in this 
paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
Obligation to publish a prospectus

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven are to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may 
agree with any Dealer that Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven herein. The FSMA has not reviewed nor approved any 
Exempt Covered Bonds or any documents relating thereto. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN GENERALLY 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Mortgage Pandbrieven (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Mortgage Pandbrieven should purchase any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Mortgage Pandbrieven should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Mortgage Pandbrieven constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The above is without prejudice to the legal and regulatory obligations of the Issuer and the financial 
intermediaries. These obligations may require the Issuer and relevant financial intermediaries to assess 
whether an investment is suitable or appropriate for an investor. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the maturity 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Mortgage Pandbrieven of any information coming to 
their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the documents incorporated herein by reference when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Issuer will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage Pandbrieven or any change in 
the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or the issue of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulaiton or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed or admitted to trading on an EU Regulated 
Market. If at any time the Issuer is be required to publish a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement in

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
accordance with Article 23(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus shall be valid for a period of 
twelve months from its date of approval. 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking statements with respect to 
the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive 
advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally 
including all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", 
"project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the 
date hereof.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealer and the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Mortgage Pandbrieven may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative which is intended to permit a public offering of any Mortgage Pandbrieven or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Mortgage Pandbrieven may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Mortgage Pandbrieven. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Mortgage Pandbrieven in the United 
States, the United Kingdom, Japan and Switzerland (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit a public offer of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency. As a result, any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven must be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor 
in the Mortgage Pandbrieven must consider the suitability of that investment in light of its own legal, 
tax, financial status and/or other personal circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether 
it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, the merits and risks of investing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the impact the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will have on investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, including Mortgage Pandbrieven where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and is familiar with the 
behaviour of financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
By subscribing for or otherwise acquiring the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders will also be deemed to have knowledge of, accept and be bound by all the provisions of, the 
Programme Documents. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Mortgage Pandbrieven are legal investments for it, (2) Mortgage Pandbrieven can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Mortgage Pandbrieven under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (Stabilising Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Mortgage Pandbrieven or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake any stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven is made and, if begun, may be ended at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
SECTION 4 – SUMMARY OF THE BELGIAN COVERED BOND REGULATIONS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations 
governing the issuance of Belgian covered bonds, including the Mortgage Pandbrieven as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The Belgian Covered Bond Regulations may be supplemented, amended, 
modified or varied whether by legislative enactment or by way of judicial decisions and administrative 
pronouncements including, possibly, with retroactive effect. 
This summary is a general description of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. It is does not purport 
to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Belgian legislative and regulatory 
framework pertaining to Belgian covered bonds. Prospective Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The original and official languages of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations are Dutch and French. 
The following summary is provided in English only for the sake of convenience. In the event of any 
doubt, the original Dutch or French language version of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations should 
be consulted. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION – OVERVIEW OF THE BELGIAN COVERED BOND 
REGULATIONS 
1.1. 
On 3 August 2012, Belgian parliament voted into law a legal framework for the issuance of 
Belgian covered bonds. The new legal framework was set up to allow Belgian credit institutions 
to issue a debt instrument as referred to under Article 52, paragraph 4 of Directive 2009/65 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of the law, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investments in 
transferable securities (the UCITS Directive). To this effect, the Belgian Act of 3 August 2012 
established a legal framework for Belgian covered bonds (the Covered Bond Law) introducing 
the concepts of a “Belgian covered bond” (Belgische covered bond/covered bond belge) and a 
“Belgian pandbrief” (Belgische pandbrief/lettre de gage belge). This law has been further 
incorporated in the law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision on credit institutions 
and stockbroking firms, published in the Belgian Official Journal on 7 May 2014 (as amended 
from time to time, the Banking Law). 
1.2. 
A Belgian Covered Bond is a debt instrument that satisfies the following criteria (Article 1, 1° 
of Annex III to the Banking Law): 
(a) 
it is issued by a Belgian credit institution that is registered on a list, held by the NBB, 
of credit institutions that have been granted a General Authorisation by the NBB to 
issue Belgian covered bonds; 
(b) 
it is, or is issued under a programme that is, registered on a list, held by the NBB (per 
issuer), of issues or issuance programmes for which the NBB has granted a Specific 
Authorisation in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law; and 
(c) 
it is a debt instrument that is guaranteed by Cover Assets in accordance with the 
provisions of the Banking Law. 
1.3. 
The Belgian legislator made the following fundamental choices in respect of the Belgian 
covered bond framework: 
(a) 
the Banking Law does not provide for the creation of a new type of specialized credit 
institution. Belgian covered bonds can be issued by a regular Belgian credit institution.

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
However, in order to be entitled to issue Belgian covered bonds, the issuing credit 
institution needs to obtain two authorisations from the NBB as competent authority (see 
below under 2. Dual Authorisation). 
(b) 
the holders of the Belgian covered bonds (and certain other creditors that can be 
established on the basis of the terms and conditions of the relevant Belgian covered 
bond) benefit from an exclusive right of recourse to a segregated pool of cover assets 
(dekkingsactiva/actifs de couverture). For the segregation of this pool of cover assets, 
the Belgian legal framework has opted for a technique whereby the cover assets are 
segregated on the balance sheet of the issuer by the creation of one or more special 
estates (bijzonder vermogen/patrimoine special). The right of recourse to the 
segregated special estate comes in addition to a general right of recourse to the 
remaining assets (not allocated to a special estate) on the balance of the issuing credit 
institution – the general estate (algemeen vermogen/patrimoine general). This way, the 
holder of the Belgian covered bonds (and the other related creditor) obtain a dual 
recourse. The Belgian legislator has thus followed the approach of certain well 
established covered bond jurisdictions, such a Germany, which provides for an on 
balance sheet segregation of cover assets rather than a segregation of assets into a 
special purpose vehicle. 
1.4. 
A Belgian Pandbrief (Article 1, 3° and Article 2, § 1 of Annex III to the Banking Law) is a 
Belgian covered bond whereby the composition and valuation of the Cover Assets must satisfy 
the specific requirements to obtain an advantageous risk weight under the Belgian own fund 
regulations transposing the Capital Requirements Directive). The criteria to determine whether 
a Belgian Covered Bond satisfies such specific requirements, may be established or clarified 
by royal decree (Article 81, §4 of the Banking Law). 
1.5. 
On 11 October 2012, two royal decrees were adopted further implementing the provisions of 
the Covered Bond Law: 
(a) 
the royal decree regarding the issuance of Belgian covered bonds by Belgian law credit 
institutions, as amended by the royal decree of 27 January 2022 and as amended from 
time to time (the Covered Bonds Royal Decree). The Covered Bonds Royal Decree 
provides for implementing regulations in order to allow for the issuance of Belgian 
pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges); 
(b) 
the royal decree regarding the cover pool administrator in the framework of the issuance 
of Belgian covered bonds by a Belgian credit institution, as amended by the royal decree 
of 27 January 2022 and as amended from time to time (the Cover Pool Administrator 
Royal 
Decree). 
Under 
the 
Banking 
Law, 
a 
cover 
pool 
administrator 
(portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) will or may be appointed by the 
NBB under certain circumstances in order to take over the management of the special 
estate (Article 8 of Annex III to the Banking Law). The Cover Pool Administrator 
Royal Decree sets forth further rules regarding required qualifications and powers of 
the Cover Pool Administrator (Article 8 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
1.6. 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the NBB was also mandated to establish 
technical rules implementing certain provisions of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. On 14 
June 2022, the NBB issued two regulations: 
(a) 
the circular (NBB_2022_15) regarding practical rules for the application of the law of 
25 April 2014 establishing a legal framework for Belgian covered bonds (Praktische

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
regels voor de toepassing van de wet van 25 april 2014 op het statuut van en het toezicht 
op kredietinstellingen en beursvennootschappen zoals gewijzigd door de wet van 26 
november 2021 met het oog op de omzetting van Richtlijn 2019/2162 betreffende de 
uitgifte van en het overheidstoezicht op gedekte obligaties/Modalités pratiques 
d’application de la loi du 25 avril 2014 relative au statut et au contrôle des 
établissements de crédit telle que modifiée par la loi du 26 novembre 2021 afin de 
transposer la directive 2019/2162 relative à l'émission et à la surveillance publique des 
obligations sécurisées) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented (the NBB 
Covered Bonds Circular); 
(b) 
the circular (NBB_2022_16) addressed to the cover pool monitors of Belgian credit 
institutions that issue Belgian covered bonds dated 14 June 2022 (Circulaire aan de 
portefeuillesurveillanten van kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch recht die Belgische 
covered bonds uitgeven/Circulaire aux surveillants de portefeuille auprès 
d'établissements de crédit de droit belge qui émettent des covered bonds belges) as 
subsequently amended and/or supplemented (the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Circular). 
1.7. 
Whereas the creation of Belgian covered bonds depends on the effectiveness of the segregation 
of Cover Assets in the Special Estate on balance of the issuing credit institution, the Belgian 
legislator also had to ensure that this segregation would not be open to challenge or 
recharacterisation on the basis of insolvency rules. Therefore, a second law was voted by 
Belgian Parliament on 3 August 2012 regarding diverse measures to facilitate the mobilisation 
of claims in the financial sector (wet betreffende diverse maatregelen ter vergemakkelijkijng 
van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële sector/loi relative à des mesures 
pour faciliter la mobilisation de créances dans le secteur financier) (the Mobilisation Law). 
1.8. 
The Belgian Banking Law, the Mobilisation Law, the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover 
Pool Administrator Royal Decree, the NBB Covered Bonds Circular and the NBB Cover Pool 
Monitor Circular, together constitute the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
1.9. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus will 
be issued pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
1.10. 
On 27 November 2019, the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EC (the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation 575/2013 as 
regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the Covered Bond Regulation) have been 
adopted. The Covered Bond Directive and the Covered Bond Regulation aim to foster the 
development of covered bonds across the European Union. The Covered Bond Directive (i) 
provides a common definition of covered bonds, which will represent a consistent reference for 
prudential regulation purposes, (ii) defines the structural features of covered bonds, (iii) defines 
the tasks and responsibilities for the supervision of covered bonds and (iv) sets out the rules 
allowing the use of the 'European Covered Bonds' label. The Covered Bond Directive should 
be implemented in each Member State by 8 July 2021 and should apply at the latest from 8 July 
2022. 
1.11. 
The Covered Bond Directive and the Covered Bond Regulation have been implemented in 
Belgian law by (i) the Law of 26 November 2021 amending, among others, the Banking Law, 
transposing the Covered Bond Directive into Belgian law and (ii) the Royal Decree of 27 
January 2022 amending, among others, the Covered Bonds Royal Decree and the Cover Pool 
Administrator Royal Decree.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
1.12. 
The Law of 26 November 2021 establishes a transitory regime in Article 52, which stipulates 
that covered bonds issued: 
(a) 
before 8 July 2022; or  
(b) 
under an issuance programme and whose ISIN was opened before 8 July 2024 and 
provided that:  
(i) 
such covered bonds mature before 8 July 2027; 
(ii) 
the total volume of issues under the programme carried out after 8 July 2022 
does not exceed twice the total volume of covered bonds outstanding on that 
date; 
(iii) 
the total volume of the issue on the maturity date does not exceed EUR 
6,000,000,000; 
(iv) 
the assets serving as collateral are located in Belgium, 
remain subject until their maturity date to Articles 6, 80, 81 and 82 of the Banking Law and to 
Articles 2, 3, 4, 6, 13 and 15 of Annex III to the Banking Law, as they existed before their 
amendment by the Law of 26 November 2021. Otherwise, the provisions of the Banking Law, 
as amended by the Law of 26 November 2021, shall apply to it, with the exception of Articles 
1/2, 1/3, 2/1 and 13/1 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
2. 
DUAL AUTHORISATION 
2.1. 
Belgian covered bonds may only be issued by a Belgian credit institution following the receipt 
of two authorisations by the NBB (Article 79 of the Banking Law): 
(a) 
a general authorisation to be requested in accordance with Article 80, §1 of the Banking 
Law, that relates to the organizational capacity of a credit institutions to issue and 
monitor Belgian covered bonds (the General Authorisation); and 
(b) 
a specific authorisation to be requested in accordance with Article 81, §1 of the Banking 
Law prior to each issue (that does not take place within the context of an issuance 
programma) or each issuance programme, that relates to the compliance of a specific 
issue or issuance programme with the provisions of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations (the Specific Authorisation). 
(A) 
General Authorisation  
2.2. 
In order to obtain a General Authorisation, the credit institution that intends to issue Belgian 
covered bonds needs to submit a file with the NBB describing how it will organize the proposed 
transactions. This file needs to include, inter alia, the following information: 
(a) 
a description of the financial position of the issuer, showing it is sufficiently solvent to 
safeguard also the interest of creditors other than the holders of Belgian covered bonds; 
(b) 
a description of the long-term strategy of the issuer, in particular as to liquidity and the 
role of the Belgian covered bonds in this strategy; 
(c) 
a description of the tasks and responsibilities within the organisation of issuing credit 
institution in relation to the issuance of Belgian covered bonds;

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
(d) 
a description of the risk management policy of the issuing credit institution in relation 
to Belgian covered bonds, in particular in respect of interest rate risk, currency 
exchange risk, credit and counterparty risk, liquidity risk and operational risk; 
(e) 
a description of the involvement of internal audit in the procedures for the issuance of 
Belgian covered bonds, including the frequency of the audits and applicable audit 
procedures; 
(f) 
a description of the decision and reporting procedures in relation to the issuance Belgian 
covered bonds; and 
(g) 
a description of the necessary IT systems in relation to the issuance of Belgian covered 
bonds. 
2.3. 
The NBB will grant the General Authorisation to the extent, on the basis of the information in 
the file submitted by the credit institution, on-site inspections and further information it may 
obtain from the institution or third parties, it is convinced that: 
(a) 
the administrative and accounting organisation of the credit institution allow it to 
comply with the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, in particular 
in terms of segregation of the Cover Assets;  
(b) 
the financial position of the credit institution, in particular its solvency, is sufficient to 
safeguard also the interest of creditors other than the holders of Belgian covered bonds; 
and 
(c) 
that the person who, within the effective management of the credit institution, is 
responsible for the issuance and administration of the Belgian covered bonds has the 
requisite expertise and is sufficiently available to carry out this responsibility and the 
credit institution provides the necessary resources to ensure the proper performance of 
the issuance and administration of these covered bonds. 
2.4. 
Prior to granting the General Authorisation, the NBB will request the auditor of the credit 
institution to submit a report on the organisational capacity of the credit institution to comply 
with its obligations under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations (Article 80, §2 of the Banking 
Law). 
2.5. 
The Issuer obtained the General Authorisation from the NBB in relation to its organisational 
capacity to issue Belgian covered bonds on 9 February 2016. 
(B) 
Specific Authorisation  
2.6. 
In order to obtain the Specific Authorisation, the credit institution that intends to issue Belgian 
covered bonds needs to submit a file with the NBB including, inter alia, the following 
information: 
(a) 
the impact of the proposed issuance or issuance programme on the liquidity position of 
the credit institution; 
(b) 
the quality of the Cover Assets, in particular on the type of debtors of the Cover Assets, 
the collateral, guarantees or privileges securing the Cover Assets, the diversification of 
the Cover Assets and their maturity dates;

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
(c) 
the extent to which the maturity dates of the Belgian covered bonds match the maturity 
dates of the Cover Assets; 
(d) 
the identity of the proposed cover pool monitor (portefeuillesurveillant / surveillant de 
portefeuille); and 
(e) 
elements showing that the requirements to obtain the General Authorisation are still 
satisfied. 
2.7. 
The NBB will grant the Specific Authorisation to the extent, on the basis of the information in 
the file submitted by the credit institutions and further information it may request from the 
institution, it is convinced that: 
(a) 
the institution has obtained the General Authorisation; 
(b) 
in respect of the proposed issuance or issuance programme, the institution complies 
with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, in particular as far as the nature and 
minimum requirements of the Cover Assets is concerned (see below under 4. Cover 
Assets and Tests); and 
(c) 
the institution has an appropriate organization to ensure compliance with the legal and 
regulatory provisions relating to the issuance of Belgian covered bonds. 
2.8. 
The Issuer obtained the Specific Authorisation from the NBB in relation to the Programme on 
23 October 2018. 
2.9. 
The NBB has approved the increase of the aggregate nominal amount of the Programme from 
EUR 10,000,000,000 to EUR 20,000,000,000 on 24 November 2020. 
(C) 
Limitation on the issuance of Belgian covered bonds  
2.10. 
The NBB may impose a limit on the amount of Belgian covered bonds issued by a credit 
institution, on a case by case basis, in order to protect the interest of other creditors than the 
holders of Belgian covered bonds. The NBB will in particular assess the impact of an envisaged 
issuance on the level of encumbered assets. To this end, the NBB expects that in the file to 
obtain the General Authorisation, the credit institution describes its policy towards liquidity and 
sets further internal limits that ensure: 
(a) 
an adequate diversification between secured and unsecured funding sources, 
(b) 
the availability of sufficient unencumbered assets to provide a cushion in the event of 
crisis on the market for unsecured funding, and 
(c) 
the availability of sufficient unencumbered assets that can be allocated as Cover Assets 
in order to substitute matured or defaulted Cover Assets. 
(D) 
Publication of Authorisation  
2.11. 
The NBB keeps a list of: 
(a) 
credit institutions that have obtained a General Authorisation, which is published on its 
website: (Prudential Supervision – Areas of Responsibility – Credit Institutions – Lists 
– Credit Institutions Authorised to Issue Belgian Covered Bonds); and

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
(b) 
covered bonds issuance programmes and issuances for which the credit institution has 
obtained a Specific Authorisation: (Prudential Supervision – Areas of Responsibility – 
Credit Institutions – Lists – Covered Bond Issuances Carried out by the Credit 
Institutions) (information only available in French or Dutch). 
The information contained on the website of the NBB (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
2.12. 
Both lists and amendments thereto are communicated by the NBB to the European Commission 
in application of Article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive. 
2.13. 
The Issuer is on the NBB's list of credit institutions that have obtained General Authorisation. 
The Programme is on the NBB's list of Belgian covered bonds in respect of which a Specific 
Authorisation has been granted. 
3. 
SPECIAL ESTATE 
3.1. 
A key characteristic of Belgian covered bonds is the existence of a segregated pool of assets 
providing an additional and exclusive right of recourse to the holders of the Belgian covered 
bonds. 
 
(A) 
Creation of one or more Special Estates  
3.2. 
In order to segregate a pool of Cover Assets, the Banking Law introduces a technique to separate 
one or more Special Estates within the estate of a credit institution that issues Belgian covered 
bonds. 
3.3. 
Article 3, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law confirms that the estate of a credit institution that 
issues Belgian covered bonds consist, by operation of law, of a general estate (algemeen 
vermogen/patrimoine general)(the General Estate) and one or more special estates (bijzondere 
vermogen/patrimoine spécial) (in this Section 3 referred to as the Special Estate). 
3.4. 
The most important part of the Cover Assets in respect of an issuance or issuance programme 
of Belgian covered bonds is segregation into the Special Estate by way of registration of such 
Cover Assets in a Cover Register that is kept by the issuing credit institution in relation to one 
or more specific issuances of Belgian covered bonds or, as the case may be, in relation to all 
Belgian covered bonds under an issuance programme (Article 15, §1, 1° of Annex III to the 
Banking Law). See below under Section 5 - special obligations of the issuer in respect of 
administration of the Belgian covered bonds. 
3.5. 
In accordance with Article 3, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Special Estate is, by 
operation of law, composed of: 
(a) 
all assets registered in a Cover Register in accordance with Article 15, §1, 1° of Annex 
III to the Banking Law; 
(b) 
all collateral – cash and financial instruments – received in relation to any hedging 
instruments that have been registered as Cover Assets; 
(c) 
all (in rem and in personam) security interests, guarantees or privileges issued in 
relation to the Cover Asset, including all rights under insurance policies or other 
agreements relating to the Cover Assets or the management of the Special Estate;

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
(d) 
all amounts held as collections in relation to Cover Assets or a result of the exercise of 
the rights referred to under (a) to (c) above (hereafter, the Collections); and 
(e) 
any mandatory reserves that would be held at the NBB in relation to the Special Estate. 
3.6. 
The preparatory works to the Covered Bond Law clarify that the technique to segregate Cover 
Assets into the Special Estate does not result into the creation of a separate legal entity and 
hence does not trigger specific corporate law obligations or tax consequences. 
 
(B) 
Purpose of the Special Estate - exclusive right of recourse 
3.7. 
Pursuant Article 1/1 and Article 6 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Special Estate provides 
an exclusive right of recourse to: 
(a) 
the holders of the related Belgian covered bonds, and 
(b) 
the creditors of a claim that is or may be established on the basis of the terms and 
condition applicable to the related Belgian covered bonds. 
As a result, no other creditor will be entitled to exercise any rights, including rights of 
attachment (beslag/saisie) against the Cover Assets in the Special Estate. Collateral that is 
posted in relation to a hedging instrument that constitutes a Cover Asset may only be used to 
satisfy the obligations of the counterparty under such hedging instrument (or be returned to the 
collateral provider). In respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme, only 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors will thus have an 
exclusive right of recourse to the Special Estate. 
3.8. 
A priority of payments between the claims of the holder of Belgian covered bonds (and any 
other creditors of claims related to the Belgian covered bonds issuance) may be determined in 
the terms and conditions and the agreement entered into in respect of the issuance of Belgian 
covered bonds or the related issuance programme. See Condition 9 (Priority of Payments) in 
the Section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
3.9. 
Article 6, 4th and 5th paragraph of Annex III to the Banking Law provides for two exceptions 
to the exclusive right of recourse: 
(a) 
the Cover Pool Administrator (see below under Section 7.A – Cover Pool 
Administrator) may, unless otherwise agreed, withhold its remuneration, costs and 
expenses from the Special Estate; and 
(b) 
following liquidation of the Special Estate, an remaining (positive) balance will, by 
operation of law, form part of the General Estate. 
3.10. 
Notwithstanding this exclusive right of recourse to the Special Estate, the holders of the Belgian 
covered bonds and the Other Creditors related to the Belgian covered bonds retain a right of 
recourse to the General Estate (that ranks pari passu with the claims of all other unsubordinated 
creditors of the issuing credit institution) so that they can exercise a dual right of recourse 
(Articles 1/1, c) and 6, 8th paragraph of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
 
(C) 
Management of the Special Estate 
3.11. 
In first instance, the issuing credit institution remains responsible for the management of the 
Special Estate. The rights and obligations in respect of transactions between the issuing credit

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
institution and the Special Estate need to be agreed upon in writing as if the Special Estate were 
a separate legal entity (Article 7 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
3.12. 
In accordance with Article 8, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the NBB will appoint a cover 
pool administrator (portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) (in this Section 3 
referred to as the Cover Pool Administrator) for each Special Estate: 
(a) 
in case a reorganisation measure (as referred to in Articles 234 §2, 235, 236, 345, 346 
§2 and 347 of the Banking Law) is taken in respect of the issuing credit institution that, 
in the opinion of the NBB, such measure or sanction and/or the reasons for it may 
prejudice the rights of the holders of the Belgian covered bonds and/or of third partes 
who may have a claim against the Special Estate; 
(b) 
in case a liquidation procedure (as referred to in Article 3, 59° of the Banking Law) is 
initiated against the issuing credit institution; 
(c) 
if, in the opinion of the NBB, the position of the issuing credit institution seriously 
jeopardizes the interest of the holders of the relevant Belgian covered bonds; or 
(d) 
in case the General Authorisation and/or Specific Authorisation is revoked. 
3.13. 
Upon the appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, the Cover Pool 
Administrator will assume the management of the Special Estate (Article 8, §2 of Annex III to 
the Banking Law). The Cover Pool Administrator manages the Special Estate with a view to 
ensure further compliance with the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Belgian 
covered bonds. To this end, the Cover Pool Administrator is granted all necessary and useful 
powers to manage the Special Estate, including the power to dispose of Cover Assets and to 
extend the maturity of the Belgian covered bonds in accordance with Article 13/1, §1 of Annex 
III to the Banking Law. Any acts relating to the Special Estate that are performed in the name 
of the issuing credit institution by any person other than the Cover Pool Administrator following 
its appointment, are null and void, unless such acts are ratified by the Cover Pool Administrator 
(See also see below under 7.A – Cover Pool Administrator). The Cover Pool Administrator 
collaborates with and exchanges all necessary and useful information with the NBB and, in the 
event of a liquidation or the resolution procedure with respect to the issuing credit instutition, 
with the liquidator or resolution authority. 
 
(D) 
Impact of reorganization and liquidation procedures 
3.14. 
In the event liquidation procedures are started against the issuing credit institution (Article 11 
of Annex III to the Banking Law): 
(a) 
such procedures will only affect the General Estate. The Special Estate and the debts 
and liabilities covered by the Special Estate will not be part of the bankrupt estate. The 
Special Estate will be managed separately from the bankruptcy procedure applicable to 
the General Estate of the issuing credit institution (i.e., on a bankruptcy remote basis); 
(b) 
the bankruptcy trustee (curator/curateur) has a legal obligation to cooperate with the 
NBB and the Cover Pool Administrator so that they can manage the Special Estate in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(c) 
the Belgian covered bonds and the other debts and liabilities covered by the Special 
Estate will not be subject to automatic acceleration. They (can) remain outstanding until

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
their stated maturity, regardless of the opening of liquidation procedures against the 
issuing credit institution except as provided under (f) and (g) below; 
(d) 
the holder of Belgian covered bonds and any Other Cover Pool Creditors of claims 
related to the Belgian covered bonds issuance, will retain their rights in the liquidation 
procedure; 
(e) 
the Cover Pool Administrator may, in the interest of the holders of the relevant Belgian 
covered bonds, following consultation with the representative of the holders of the 
relevant Belgian covered bonds and subject to consent of the NBB, transfer the Special 
Estate and the debts and liabilities related thereto to another institution that will assume 
the performance of the obligations in accordance with the initial terms and conditions; 
(f) 
the Cover Pool Administrator may, following consultation with the representative of 
the holders of the relevant Belgian covered bonds and subject to the consent of the 
NBB, proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and the early redemption of the 
relevant Belgian covered bonds if the Cover Assets are no longer sufficient, or risk to 
be no longer sufficient, to satisfy the obligations in respect of the Belgian covered 
bonds; 
(g) 
the Cover Pool Administrator will, following consultation with the NBB and the 
representative of the holders of the Belgian covered bonds, proceed with the entire 
liquidation, in part or in full, of the Special Estate and the early redemption of the 
Belgian covered bonds if the holders of the Belgian covered bonds have approved such 
liquidation and early redemption by simple majority at a meeting of holders of Belgian 
covered bonds at which a quorum of at least two thirds of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Belgian covered bonds is present; 
(h) 
the bankruptcy trustee (curator/curateur) has the right, following consultation with the 
NBB, to require the Cover Pool Administrator to return those assets to the General 
Estate in respect of which it is clear they are no longer required as Cover Assets. The 
preparatory works to the Covered Bond Law clarify that, when determining whether 
assets are no longer required as Cover Assets, one must not only take into account the 
regulatory requirement in view of the Cover Tests (see below 4 (C) Statutory Tests – 
Cover Tests), but also the retention of ratings by external credit rating agencies. 
3.15. 
When the National Resolution Authority uses its powers under Book II, Titel VIII (Resolution 
Measures) of the Banking Law to dispose (of part) of the estate of the credit institution that also 
involves the Special Estate, the rights of the holders of the Belgian covered bonds (and of any 
creditors of claims related to the Belgian covered bonds issuance) are automatically transferred 
together with the Cover Assets and assumed as obligations by the transferee (Article 6/1 of 
Annex III to the Banking Law). 
3.16. 
The start of liquidation procedures against the issuing credit institution or the revocation of its 
license as a credit institution does not prevent the issuing credit institution to further perform 
activities that are necessary or useful to assist the Cover Pool Administrator with its 
management in order to safeguard the interest of the Holders of Belgian covered bonds in 
respect of the Special Estate. The issuing credit institution may only perform such activities 
until all obligations in relation to the Special Estate have been satisfied or are extinguished 
(Article 12, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law).  
 
(E) 
Special protection of the Special Estate against commingling risk

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
3.17. 
The Special Estate benefits from specific protections against commingling risk; if amounts held 
by the issuing credit institution as Collections, cannot be identified within the General Estate at 
the time a request is made to allocate such amounts to the Special Estate, the Special Estate will 
benefit from a special revindication right allowing it to exercise a claim on other unencumbered 
assets within the General Estate. Such assets are identified following consultation between the 
representative of the Special Estate (either the Cover Pool Administrator or, in absence thereof, 
the Cover Pool Monitor) and the issuing credit institution (or its liquidator or bankruptcy 
trustee) on the basis of criteria determined in the terms and conditions of the Belgian covered 
bonds (Article 3, §2, second paragraph of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
With respect to the Programme, these criteria are specified in Condition 12 (Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Provisions); 
4. 
COVER ASSETS AND TESTS 
(A) 
 Categories of Cover Assets 
4.1. 
In order to obtain the Specific Authorisation in respect of an issuance or an issuance programme 
for Belgian covered bonds, the issuing credit institution may only include the following types 
of assets as Cover Assets in the Special Estate as set out in Article 1/2 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law and to the extent the assets satisfy the requirements of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree (Article 81, §3, 2° and 81, §4, 1° of the Banking Law): 
(a) 
claims secured by a mortgage where the object of the mortgage is (i) residential real 
estate located in a member state of the European Economic Area or (ii) commercial real 
estate located in a member state of the European Economic Area; 
(b) 
claims against or guaranteed by (i) a central, regional or local government of an OECD 
member state or (ii) a central banks of those states or (iii) a public entity of those states 
or (iv) a multilateral development bank or international organisation; 
(c) 
claims against a credit institution, including amounts deposited with such institution or 
amounts held by the issuing credit institution; and 
(d) 
positions resulting from hedging instruments that satisfy the requirements stipulated in 
Article 1/3 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
(B) 
Further qualitative requirements for Cover Assets relating to Belgian covered bonds 
4.2. 
The Covered Bonds Royal Decree has further implemented the qualitative requirements for 
Cover Assets that may be included in the Special Estate related to Pandbrieven. 
4.3. 
Article 3 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree identifies four categories of qualifying Cover 
Assets: 
(a) 
category 1: claims secured by (at least) a first ranking mortgage on residential real 
estate situated in an EEA member state (Residential Mortgage Loans) up to the lower 
of (i) the principal amount of the corresponding mortgages and (ii) 80% of the value of 
the relevant residential real estate. 
Claims secured by a mortgage on residential real estate under construction or in 
development (construction loans) may compose up to 15% of the aggregate amount of 
claims secured by residential real estate that are included as Cover Assets.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
Residential real estate is real property that is destined for housing or for renting 
(huur/location) as housing by the owner. 
(b) 
category 2: claims secured by (at least) a first ranking mortgage on commercial real 
estate situated in an EEA member state (Commercial Mortgage Loans) up to a value 
which is the lower of (i) the principal amount of the corresponding mortgages (together 
with all previously granted mortgages) and (ii) 60% of the value of the relevant 
commercial real estate.  
Claims secured by commercial real estate under construction or in development are not 
eligible. 
Commercial real estate is real property that is primarily used for industrial or 
commercial purposes or other professional activities, such as offices or other spaces 
used for the exercise of commercial activities or the rendering of services. 
(c) 
category 3: claims against or guaranteed by (a) a central government or central bank 
of a member state of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(OECD), or by a regional or local government of those member states, (b) a public 
entity of an OECD member states, or (c) a multilateral development bank or 
international organisation that obtains a 0% risk weight in accordance with Article 117 
and 118 of the CRR. 
When the counterparties to the claims referred to under (a) and (b) are not members of 
the EU or, in the case of central banks, not members of the European System of Central 
Banks (ESCB), only those claims are eligible that:  
(i) 
in the case of counterparties referred to in point (a), belong to credit quality 
step 1 or 2 as determined in accordance with Article 136 CRR; or 
(ii) 
in the case of counterparties referred to in point (b), have the same risk weight 
as exposures in relation to institutions or central governments, and central 
banks in accordance with, respectively, Article 115(1) or (2) or with Article 
116(1), (2) or (4) CRR and belong to credit quality step 1 or 2 as determined 
in accordance with Article 136 CRR,   
provided that claims on counterparties belonging to credit quality step 2 may not exceed 
20% of the nominal amount of all outstanding Belgian covered bonds concerned. 
(d) 
category 4: claims against credit institutions of an OECD member state and which 
belong to credit quality steps 1 or 2 as determined under Article 136 CRR provided that 
these claims take the form of:  
(i) 
short-term claims having a maturity of 3 months or less, or short-term 
deposits with an original maturity of up to 100 days, where they are used to 
meet the liquidity requirement for the Special Estate, as set out in Article 7, 
paragraph 1 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree; or  
(ii) 
derivative contracts, provided that, in accordance with Article 1/3 of the 
Annex III to the Banking Law and Article 4 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree, such derivative contract complies with the following requirements: 
(A) 
the derivative contracts are used exclusively for hedging against 
interest rate and currency exchange risks linked to cover assets or

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
Belgian covered bonds. The volume of these contracts is adjusted to 
reflect changes in the hedged risks, and they are removed from the 
Special Estate once the hedged risk no longer exist; 
(B) 
the derivative contracts are not subject to early termination (close-
out provisions) in case liquidation or resolution proceedings are 
opened against the issuing credit institution, irrespective of whether 
such early termination occurs automatically or at the initiative of the 
counterparty; 
(C) 
the derivative contracts may not be included in a novation or netting 
agreement to which the issuing credit institution is a party; 
(D) 
the derivative contracts must be concluded with credit institutions 
that are (i) not included in the scope of the issuing credit institution’s 
prudential consolidation, (ii) governed by the laws of an OECD 
member state and (iii) at least eligible for credit quality step 2 as 
determined per Article 136 CRR; and 
(E) 
the net exposures of the counterparties under these derivative 
contracts must be secured by values (waarden/valeurs) or financial 
instruments issued or guaranteed by a central authority which is 
governed by the laws of an OECD member state and is eligible for 
credit quality step 1 as determined per Article 136 CRR.  
The claims on credit institutions belonging to credit quality step 2 may only be used 
as Cover Assets up to 10% of the nominal amount of the outstanding Belgian covered 
bonds concerned.  
The total value of claims on credit institutions belonging to the credit quality steps 1 
or 2 shall not exceed 15% of the nominal amount of the outstanding Belgian covered 
bonds concerned.  
4.4. 
Amounts paid as reimbursement, collection or payment of interest on claims, assets or 
obligations included in the Special Estate may be taken into account as Cover Assets belonging 
to the respective category of the relevant claim, asset or obligation giving rise to such 
reimbursement, collection or payment of interest.  
4.5. 
At the time an asset is registered as a Cover Asset in the Cover Register, such asset may not be 
subject to a ‘payment default’ in the sense of Article 178 CRR (Article 3, §6 of the Covered 
Bonds Royal Decree). 
4.6. 
The issuing credit institutions that decide to include derivative contracts in the special estate 
must ensure that they at all times have the requisite documentation, which is regularly updated, 
to demonstrate compliance with the requirements of Article 1/3 of Annex III to the Belgian 
Banking Law and with the requirements of Section 6.4 of the IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments. 
This documentation must also include an external and independent legal advice confirming the 
validity and enforceability of the derivative contracts in the relevant jurisdictions is confirmed 
and which covers at least the law chosen by the parties (lex contractus) and the law applicable 
to liquidiation proceedings (lex fori concursus) that may affect the counterparty.

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
(C) 
Statutory Tests - Cover Tests 
4.7. 
In accordance with Article 2/1, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Cover Assets 
comprising the Special Estate must, for the duration of the Belgian covered bonds, provide 
sufficient cover: 
(a) 
for the payment of principal and interest on the Belgian covered bonds, 
(b) 
for the obligations towards the other creditors of claims related to the Belgian covered 
bonds issuance, and 
(c) 
for payment of the maintenance and administration of the Cover Assets sets and the 
Belgian covered bonds, including the costs of winding down the issuance programme 
of the relevant Belgian covered bonds.  
To this end, the value of the Cover Assets need to show an excess compared to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Belgian covered bonds. The cover provided by the Cover Assets 
and the excess needs to be tested periodically and, if required to provide adequate cover, the 
issuing credit institution needs to further modify the portfolio of Cover Assets. To this end, the 
issuing credit institution has the legal obligation to maintain an active collateral management 
policy. Accordingly, the composition of the Cover Assets included in the Special Estate is 
dynamic (Article 7 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
4.8. 
In respect of Belgian covered bonds, this rule has been further implemented in Article 5 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree which provides for: 
(a) 
a general requirement that, with respect to the Special Estate, the sum of interest, 
principal and all other revenues generated by the Cover Assets must be sufficient to 
cover the sum of all interest, principal and charges linked to maintenance and 
administration (including the winding down) of the issuance programme and the 
Belgian covered bonds (the Cover Asset Adequacy Test), and 
(b) 
the following two specific tests in relation to the minimum cover to be provided by the 
Cover Assets. At the time of the issuance and as long as any Belgian covered bonds 
remain outstanding: 
(i) the value of the primary assets (within the meaning of Article 1, 9° of Annex III 
to the Banking Law) determined in accordance with the valuation rules set out in 
the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, must represent at least 85% of the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of the Belgian covered bonds then in issue (the 85% 
Asset Coverage Test); 
(ii) the value of the Cover Assets, determined in accordance with the valuation rules 
set out in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, must represent at least 105% of the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of Belgian covered bonds then in issue 
(the Over-Collateralisation Test). 
 
For the valuation rules, see below Section (E) Valuation of Cover Assets for the Cover Tests. 
4.9. 
To determine the extent to which the principal amount of the Cover Assets is included in the 
calculation of the Cover Asset Adequacy Test, the eligibility criteria set out in Article 3 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree shall be taken into account as per Article 5, §3, 1st indent of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
4.10. 
The interest generated by the Cover Assets are calculated, and the costs for maintenance and 
management, are calculated and estimated in accordance with Article 5, §3, 2nd and 3rd indent 
of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree.   
4.11. 
The Cover Asset Adequacy Test, the 85% Asset Coverage Test and the Over-Collateralisation 
Test are herein jointly referred to as the Cover Tests. 
(D) 
Statutory Tests – Liquidity Test 
4.12. 
In accordance with Article 13 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the terms and conditions 
applicable to Belgian Covered Bonds need to include mechanics to ensure that the Belgian 
covered bonds are repaid within the contractually agreed term. 
4.13. 
In respect of Belgian Pandbrieven, Article 7 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree has 
implemented this rule by imposing that with respect to the Special Estate, the Cover Assets 
must provide a liquidity buffer in order to enable the issuing credit institution to cover at all 
times the net liquidity outflows of the relevant issue or the relevant issuance programme at any 
time, and the maximum amount of the sum of the net liquidity outflows calculated over a 6-
month period (the Liquidity Test). The NBB Covered Bonds Circular further specifies the 
conditions to be satisfied in order for an asset to be considered a liquid asset. 
4.14. 
The funds drawn under the liquidity facility will be part of the special estate by operation of 
law. Liquid assets that can be used for the purpose of the Liquidity Test are, in accordance with 
Article 7 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree:   
(a) 
Cover Assets satisfying the requirements of level 1 assets within the meaning of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 to supplement Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, which are valued in accordance with this Commission Delegated Regulation 
and which are not issued by the issuing credit institution nor by its parent undertaking 
(unless it is a public law entity other than a credit institution), its subsidiary or another 
subsidiary of its parent undertaking; and    
(b) 
short-term exposures and short-term deposits within the meaning of Article 3 §1, 4°, a) 
of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree.  
If an issuing credit institution fails the Liquidity Test, it will have 14 days to take the necessary 
remedial actions to meet the relevant requirements under the Liquidity Test. As long as an 
issuing credit institution has not taken the necessary remedial actions, it is not allowed to issue 
new Belgian covered bonds, nor on a stand-alone basis nor under a programme.  
(E) 
Valuation of Cover Assets for the Cover Tests 
4.15. 
For the purposes of the Cover Tests, Article 6 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree specifies 
further valuation rules for the Cover Assets in the Special Estate: 
(a) 
for Cover Assets of category 1 (claims secured by a residential mortgage), the value 
will be equal to the lowest of (i) the amount of the claim, (ii) 80% of the sales value of 
the mortgaged real estate and (iii) the value of the mortgage, 
 
whereby, the value of the mortgage, is determined as follows: 
(i) if the real estate is located in Belgium and is not secured by mortgage mandate, 
the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case may be, the

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have registered 
before such subsequent rank(s)); 
(ii) if the real estate is located in Belgium and in addition to the mortgage, also a 
mortgage mandate has been granted to secure the claim, the value of the mortgage 
is the lower of the following two amounts: 
a. the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case may be, the 
amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have registered 
before such subsequent rank(s)) plus the amount for which the mortgage 
mandate has been granted; and 
b. the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case may be, the 
amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have registered 
before such subsequent rank(s)), divided by 0.6; 
(iii) if the real estate is not situated in Belgium, the amount of the mortgage registered 
in first rank plus, as the case may be, the amount of any subsequent ranks (provided 
no other creditors have registered before such subsequent rank(s)). 
Residential real estate may only be taken into account for the valuation calculations of 
the Cover Assets if the requirements of Article 208 of the CRR are satisfied, including 
the requirements that the valuation of the residential real estate is regularly, and at least 
once a year, verified.  
The 80% limit referred to above in paragraph (a) point (ii) is calculated separately for 
each loan and determines the portion of the loan that contributes to the coverage of the 
liabilities associated with the Belgian Covered Bond in question, and applies 
throughout the term of the loan; 
(b) 
for Cover Assets of category 2 (claims secured by commercial mortgages), the value 
will be equal to the lowest of (i) the amount of the claim, (ii) 60% of the sales value of 
the mortgaged real estate and (iii) the value of the mortgage, whereby, the value of the 
mortgage is equal to the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case 
may be, the amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have 
registered before such subsequent rank(s)). The value of any mortgage mandates is not 
taken into account. 
Commercial real estate may only be taken into account for the valuation calculations of 
the Cover Assets if the requirements of Article 208 of the CRR are satisfied, including 
the requirements that the valuation of the residential real estate is regularly, and at least 
once a year, verified. 
The 60% limit referred to above in paragraph (b) point (ii) is calculated separately for 
each loan and determines the portion of the loan that contributes to the coverage of the 
liabilities associated with the Belgian Covered Bond in question, and applies 
throughout the term of the loan; 
(c) 
for Cover Assets of category 3 (public sector claims), the value is equal to the amount 
of such assets as reflected in the financial accounts of the issuing credit institution. If 
the assets are only guaranteed by an entity as described in category 3, the value of the 
Cover Asset will be limited to the guaranteed part;

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
(d) 
for the Cover Assets of category 4 (claims on credit institutions), the value is equal to 
the amount at which the assets are registered in the financial accounts of the issuing 
credit institution; 
(e) 
for derivative contracts, the value is calculated on the basis of the amounts due upon 
termination of such derivative contract, i.e. the close-out amount; 
(f) 
the Cover Assets for which there is a payment default within the meaning of Article 
178 CRR the value is equal to zero. As soon as an asset is more than 30 days in arrears, 
it can only be taken into account for 50% of its value as determined in accordance with 
the above valuation rules; 
(g) 
in case a mortgage secures multiple claims and not all claims are included in the Special 
Estate, the value of the mortgage and of the real estate are allocated to the Cover Assets 
in the Special Estate based on the priority rules that can be established in the terms and 
conditions of the Belgian covered bonds. 
4.16. 
In the event an asset included in the Special Estate (or collateral securing such asset) is governed 
by foreign law, such asset will only be taken into account for compliance with the Statutory 
Tests if such foreign law does not prevent that such assets will provide an exclusive right of 
recourse to the holders of the Belgian covered bonds (or the other creditors of claims related to 
the Belgian covered bonds issuance) (Article 3, §7 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree). 
5. 
SPECIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER IN RESPECT OF ADMINISTRATION 
OF THE BELGIAN COVERED BONDS 
5.1. 
In accordance with Article 15 of Annex III to the Banking Law, a credit institution that has 
issued Belgian covered bonds has the following special obligations in terms of follow-up and 
administration of the Belgian covered bonds: 
(a) 
in relation to each Special Estate, it needs to organise a special administration for the 
relevant Belgian covered bonds and the Cover Assets. This special administration 
entails, amongst others, the obligation to keep a register for each issue of Belgian 
covered bonds or, as the case may be, for all issues under an issuance programme in 
which all Cover Assets are registered (the Cover Register). 
In accordance with Article 9 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover Register 
includes at least information in respect of (i) the characteristics (nominal amount, 
maturity, interest rate) of the Belgian covered bonds and (ii) the characteristic of the 
Cover Assets (category, type of contract, currency, issuance and maturity date of the 
asset, identification of the counterparty, information on amortization, interest rate, 
guarantees and valuation). 
The issuing credit institution shall as soon as possible (and at least on a daily basis) 
register any transaction in respect of the Cover Assets in the Cover Register and shall 
as soon as possible update any characteristics in respect of the Cover Assets in the 
Cover Register. The segregation of an asset as a Cover Asset is valid and effective 
against third parties upon its registration in the Cover Register. Once an asset is deleted 
from the Cover Register, it is no longer part of the Special Estate.  
Only authorised staff is entitled to update the Cover Register. The issuing credit 
institution needs to take safety measures to prevent that the Cover Register is changed 
by unauthorised persons, damaged or destroyed. An up-to-date back up shall be made

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
on a monthly basis and be kept for 5 years at another location than the original Cover 
Register. All information in the Cover Register needs to be verifiable by the Cover Pool 
Monitor; 
(b) 
it needs to comply with reporting obligations in accordance with Article 15, §1, 4° of 
Annex III to the Banking Law as further specified in section 9 of the NBB Covered 
Bonds Circular. These regulations provide for quarterly reporting on, among others, the 
Cover Assets and their valuation, yield and maturity, the composition of the Special 
Estate, the results of the Stress Tests with respect to the requirements of the Liquidity 
Test and the Cover Test, compliance with the requirements of extendable maturity 
structures, asset segregation requirements including compliance with the registration 
requirements, the hedging of credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risk and the 
performance by the Cover Pool Monitor of its tasks; 
(c) 
it needs to cooperate with its auditor, any Cover Pool Administrator and the Cover Pool 
Monitor in order to allow such parties to complete their tasks as set out in the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations, the terms and conditions of the Belgian covered bonds and 
the contractual agreements; 
(d) 
it needs to provide evidence to the NBB, periodically, that the Belgian covered bonds 
still comply with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, by providing a report on the 
special administration, the Cover Assets and their valuation, and the Liquidity Test; 
(e) 
it needs to provide evidence to the NBB that the Belgian covered bonds still comply 
with the requirement to obtain the Specific Authorisation, each time a significant 
change occurs in relation to the Belgian covered bonds, the issuance programme or the 
related legal documentation; and 
(f) 
it needs to take measures to reduce interest rate and currency risk (Article 8 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree). To this effect, the issuing credit institution must 
establish a risk policy in order to ensure that in the event of ‘brutal’ and sudden interest 
rate or currency exchange rate movements (as further specified in section 8 of the NBB 
Covered Bonds Circular), the liquidity flows generated by the Cover Assets are 
sufficient to satisfy the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test, or sufficient other liquid 
assets are available. 
5.2. 
In accordance with Article 15/1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the issuing credit institution 
must publish the following information on its website separately for each issuance programme 
within the month following the issuance and subsequently each month for information relating 
to the previous month: 
(a) 
the value of the Special Estate and relevant outstanding Belgian covered bonds, and if 
applicable, the rating of the relevant Belgian covered bonds; 
(b) 
for each issuance, a list of the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) 
of the securities, the currency in which the Belgian covered bonds were issued, the 
outstanding amount, the issue date, the maturity date, the coupon characteristics and 
the rate; 
(c) 
the type and geographical distribution of the Cover Asset as well as the geographical 
distribution of the securities securing them, and, if there are no securities, the 
geographical distribution of the residences or seats of the debtors of those assets, the 
amount outstanding relating to the claims concerned and the valuation method;

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
(d) 
details concerning market risk, interest-rate and foreign-exchange risk, credit risk, and 
liquidity risk. 
(e) 
the alignment between the maturities of the Cover Assets and those of the Belgian 
covered bonds, including maturity extension triggers and final maturities of the Belgian 
covered bonds; 
(f) 
the level of Cover Assets required and any surplus required by or pursuant to Annex III 
to the Banking Law or the terms of issuance, as well as the level of surplus voluntarily 
constituted; 
(g) 
the percentage of claims for which it is deemed a payment default (within the meaning 
of Article 178 of the CRR) has occurred as well as the percentage of claims for which 
the delay in payment exceeds 30 days without a payment defaults within the meaning 
of Article 178 of the CRR being established. 
5.3. 
In accordance with Article 8 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree and as further set out in section 
8 of the NBB Covered Bonds Circular, the issuing credit institution must establish risk 
management policies and perform a stress test on at least a quarterly basis in order to guarantee 
that the liquidity flows generated by the Cover Assets remain sufficient to satisfy the 
requirements of the Cover Test and the Liquidity Test and/or must have other assets that, when 
necessary, can be used quickly as cover asset (the Stress Test). 
The Stress Test must at least take into account:  
(a) 
‘brutal’ and unexpected interest rate or exchange rate movements;  
(b) 
scenarios with different levels of percentages of early repayment of cover assets; and  
(c) 
scenarios with material deterioration of the credit quality of the cover assets. 
For the purpose of the above, the NBB has defined a ‘brutal’ interest rate or exchange rate 
movement as a parallel upward or downward movement by 2% with respect to interest rates 
and by 8% with respect to exchange rates. The NBB has clarified that, if the issuing credit 
institution uses internal models to calculate its own funds requirements for market risk, it may 
use other scenarios in which there is a movement of interest rates and exchange rates, provided 
that these internals models are sufficiently prudent. In this case, a confidence interval of at least 
99% should be used and a time horizon of one year. 
If the Cover Assets are no longer adequate, taking into account the aforementioned stress test 
scenarios, the issuing credit institution should take the necessary measures and/or at least ensure 
that it has sufficient other assets that it can pledge if these scenarios effectively occur. 
The issuing credit institution must publish the results of the Stress Tests on its website each 
quarter pursuant to Article 12 §2 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree.  
6. 
SPECIFIC SUPERVISION 
(A) 
Cover Pool Monitor 
6.1. 
As soon as Belgian Covered Bonds are issued, the issuing credit institution has to appoint, 
following the advice of the NBB, a cover pool monitor (portefeuille surveillant/surveillant de 
portefeuille) (the Cover Pool Monitor) for each issuance of, or for an issuance programme of,

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
Belgian covered bonds (Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and Article 11 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree). 
6.2. 
The Cover Pool Monitor will report to the NBB on the compliance of the issuing credit 
institution with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations: 
(a) 
prior to an issuance of Belgian covered bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor reports to the 
NBB as to whether the credit institution is able to comply with (i) the qualitative and 
quantitive requirements of the Cover Assets, the requirements in respect of valuation 
methods, the level of cover, the surplus, the available liquidity, the requirements for the 
purchase of assets to cover an issuance and requirements with respect to derivative 
contracts, and (ii) the requirements in respect of segregation, investor disclosure, 
extendable maturity structures and the requirements with respect to keeping a register 
with the Cover Assets, in particular the correct registration in the Cover Register; 
(b) 
following the issuance of Belgian covered bonds, these verifications are performed on 
an annual basis; 
(c) 
the compliance with the Cover Tests, the Liquidity Test, the results of the Stress Tests 
and the registration in the Cover Register are however verified on a monthly basis. 
6.3. 
Once a year, the Cover Pool Monitor reports to the NBB on the results of its activities. As soon 
as the Cover Pool Monitor finds that the credit institution does no longer comply with the above 
requirements or the other requirements under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, it will 
immediately inform the NBB and the credit institution. The content and format of its reports 
are further set out in the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Circular. 
6.4. 
The NBB can also instruct the cover pool monitor to perform other tasks and verifications. 
6.5. 
The Cover Pool Monitor needs to be a recognized auditor of credit institutions other than the 
actual auditor of the issuing credit institution. Prior to terminating the appointment of the Cover 
Pool Monitor, the credit institution needs to obtain the advice of the NBB. In case the Cover 
Pool Monitor wants to resign, it will first need to inform the NBB. 
6.6. 
The fees and cost of the Cover Pool Monitor must be borne by the issuing credit institution. 
6.7. 
David De Schacht, accredited auditor for financial institutions, domiciled at 3391 Tielt-Winge, 
Kapellekensweg 57 and Jurgen De Raedemaeker, accredited auditor for financial institutions, 
domiciled at 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42, acting jointly and severally, have been appointed 
as Cover Pool Monitor in relation to the Special Estate pursuant to Article 16, §1 of Annex III 
to the Banking Law by the Issuer pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Appointment Agreement. 
The appointment of David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker as Cover Pool Monitor was 
approved by the NBB on 26 June 2018. 
(B) 
National Bank of Belgium 
6.8. 
The NBB is the competent supervisor in respect of Belgian covered bonds issued by credit 
institutions. In case the NBB becomes aware that a specific category of debt instruments does 
no longer comply with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations or if the issuer does not longer 
comply with its specific obligations as issuer, the NBB will grant a remedy period. If the 
situation is not remedied within the remedy period, the NBB may revoke the General 
Authorisation and delete the issuer from the relevant list of credit institutions authorised to issue

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
Belgian covered bonds. In extremely urgent situations, the NBB may proceed with a 
deregistration without remedy period. 
6.9. 
A deregistration will be notified by the NBB to the European Commission. As a result of this 
deregistration, the issuer will no longer be entitled to issue Belgian covered bonds. In case it 
wishes to issue new Belgian covered bonds, the Issuer will again have to comply with all 
requirements in order to be registered. A deregistration does not affect the holders of 
outstanding Belgian covered bonds. 
6.10. 
The NBB can also publish warnings/statements indicating that a credit institution has failed to 
comply with the NBB's requests to meet the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations within a specified grace period. In addition, as part of its general supervisory 
function under the Banking Law, the NBB can – after hearing or inviting the issuing credit 
institution for a hearing – impose a fine of maximum EUR 2,500,000 per breach or EUR 50,000 
per day of non-compliance 
6.11. 
The NBB has the power to impose administrative penalties on issuing credit institutions. Such 
administrative penalties may range from EUR 10,000 to 10% of the credit institution's annual 
net turnover of the preceding financial year. 
7. 
OTHER PARTIES 
(A) 
Cover Pool Administrator 
7.1. 
Under certain circumstances, the NBB may or will appoint the Cover Pool Administrator to 
take over management of the Special Estate (see above 3 (C) Management of the Special 
Estate). 
7.2. 
The required qualifications and powers of the Cover Pool Administrator are further specified 
in the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree. 
7.3. 
The Cover Pool Administrator may not be the same entity as the liquidator of the issuing credit 
institution. Before the appointment of a party as Cover Pool Administrator, the NBB will assess 
whether such party has the required expertise and appropriate experience in order to manage 
the Cover Assets comprised in the Special Estate, is professionally reliable and has an 
appropriate organisation for the activities that it will have to perform as Cover Pool 
Administrator. An EEA credit institution that (i) has issued Mortgage Pandbrieven relating to 
similar cover assets, or (ii) manages portfolios of assets that would qualify as Cover Assets, is 
deemed to satisfy the requirements of the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree (Article 3). 
7.4. 
In order to comply with the obligations set out in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, the 
Cover Pool Administrator has, inter alia, the power to take the following actions: 
(a) 
to make interest and principal payments in respect of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
deriving from Collections received or, as the case may be, available liquidity lines; 
(b) 
to organise the receipt of Collections (including the enforcement of payments in arrears 
due on Cover Assets); 
(c) 
to sell Cover Assets; 
(d) 
to invest Collections until these are paid out (in assets that would be eligible as Cover 
Assets);

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
(e) 
to renegotiate the terms of Cover Assets in arrears; 
(f) 
to enter into hedging instruments; 
(g) 
to enter into liquidity lines to ensure compliance with the contractual terms of the 
relevant Belgian covered bonds; and 
(h) 
to perform administrative task of the issuing credit institution in relation to the issued 
Belgian covered bonds. 
7.5. 
The Cover Pool Administrator will perform the Statutory Tests, report on such tests to the NBB 
and the representative of the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds on a quarterly basis and 
ensure the reporting as prescribed by the Covered Bonds Royal Decree and the NBB Covered 
Bonds Circular. 
7.6. 
For each transaction (in particular a sale of Cover Assets) that entails the risk that the Statutory 
Tests or the conditions of the Belgian covered bonds will no longer be complied with, the Cover 
Pool Administrator needs to obtain the approval of the NBB and the representative of the 
holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds. 
(B) 
Representative of the holder of the Belgian covered bonds 
7.7. 
For the holders of Belgian covered bonds of a specific issue or of the same issuance programme, 
one or more representatives can be appointed either by the issuing credit institution prior to the 
issuance of the Belgian covered bonds or by the general meeting of the holders of the Belgian 
covered bonds after the issuance (Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
7.8. 
The powers of the representative of the holders of the Belgian covered bonds are determined 
either in the terms and conditions of the Belgian covered bonds or by the general meeting of 
the holders of the Belgian covered bonds. The general meeting of the holders of the Belgian 
covered bonds may at all times revoke the appointment of such representative of the holders of 
the Belgian covered bonds provided at the same time one or more substitute representative are 
appointed. 
7.9. 
The representative of the holders of the Belgian covered bonds may also represent other 
creditors of claims related to the Belgian covered bonds issuance provided it is mandated by 
such creditors. 
7.10. 
Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative has been appointed by the 
Issuer as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in relation to the Programme 
pursuant to Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law in accordance with the terms of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative Appointment Agreement. The tasks and duties 
of Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative as representative of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative) are 
further described in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, the Conditions and the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement. 
8. 
MOBILISATION LAW 
8.1. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Law and the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree, Cover Assets that are registered into the Cover Register will form part of the Special 
Estate providing an exclusive recourse to the holders of Belgian covered bonds and the Other 
Creditors of claims related to the Belgian covered bonds issuance. The Mobilisation Law that

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
was adopted on the same date as the Covered Bond Law provides for certain additional 
protections in respect of the segregation of Cover Assets in the Special Estate. These include, 
inter alia, the following: 
(a) 
the registration of Cover Assets in a Cover Register is valid and effective in case the 
registration: 
(i) precedes the start of insolvency proceedings, an attachment or a situation of 
concurrence of creditors, or 
(ii) occurs on the date of the opening of such proceedings, provided that the credit 
institution was rightfully ignorant (gewettigde onwetendheid/ignorance légitime) 
of the start of such proceedings. 
In such case, the registration cannot be challenged on the basis of claw-back rules set 
out in the Belgian Bankruptcy Code of 8 August 1997, unless in the event of fraud 
(Article 8, §2 of the Mobilisation Law); 
(b) 
the debtor of a bank claim that is registered as a Cover Asset in the Cover Register, 
will, subject to some limited exceptions, no longer be entitled to invoke set-off rights 
(legal and contractual) or suspend payments on the basis of an exception of non-
performance in respect of such claim, following a notification of the registration of such 
claim in the Cover Register or following the start of insolvency proceedings against the 
issuing credit institution, if the conditions for set-off or the exception of non-
performance (including the requirement that the claims to be set-off or on the basis of 
which the defense is invoked, are payable) are only satisfied following such notification 
or start of the insolvency proceedings (Article 6, §§2 to 5 of the Mobilisation Law); 
(c) 
in the event a claim, secured by a mortgage that is an All Sums Mortgage, is registered 
into the Special Estate, then such claim will in respect of such mortgage be paid (i) in 
priority to all other claims secured by the same mortgage that came into existence after 
the date of this registration and (ii) pari passu and pro rata with the other claims that 
existed on the date of registration, unless otherwise agreed between Special Estate and 
the General Estate (Article 81quinquies of the Belgian act on mortgages 
(hypotheekwet/loi hypothécaire) (the Mortgage Act)); 
(d) 
a Mortgage Mandate is, by operation of law, deemed to be granted for the benefit of 
any transferee of the secured claim and is transferred automatically together with the 
secured claim (including in case of a registration into the Special Estate).

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
SECTION 5 – DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme. The 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven in Euro (or its equivalent in 
any other relevant Specified Currency) shall not at any time exceed EUR 20,000,000,000. All 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme and the Other Cover Pool Creditors will 
benefit from (i) a right of recourse against the General Estate of the Issuer and (ii) an exclusive 
right of recourse against the Special Estate of the Issuer established in respect of the 
Programme. All Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding from time to time shall be included in a list 
which can be consulted on the website of the NBB (Prudential Supervision – Areas of 
Responsibility – Credit Institutions – Lists – Current Issues of Belgian covered bonds). The 
information contained on the website of the NBB (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
1.2 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Mortgage Pandbrieven subject to the Conditions 
(and the applicable Final Terms) set out in this Base Prospectus, but may also from time to time 
issue Mortgage Pandbrieven subject to terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus. 
1.3 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement 
(together with each Subscription Agreement, if applicable) and the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders will be represented by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative pursuant to 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement which shall have the powers and 
rights conferred on it by the applicable Conditions and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
Representative Agreement. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will also have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Domiciliary Agent, other paying agents, Listing Agent, 
Registrar (if applicable) and (together with the Calculation Agency Agreement, if applicable) 
the Calculation Agent shall be appointed. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will have the benefit of 
the Special Estate Administration Agreement. 
1.4 
Furthermore, the Issuer will enter into a Cover Pool Monitor Agreement to appoint a Cover 
Pool Monitor in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, and will enter into a 
Clearing Services Agreement with the NBB in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven which will 
be represented by a book-entry in the records of the Securities Settlement System. 
1.5 
The Programme Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement, the 
Special Estate Administration Agreement, any Calculation Agency Agreement, any 
Subscription Agreement, each of the Final Terms, any Hedging Agreement, any Liquidity 
Facility Agreement and any additional document entered into in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and/or the Special Estate and designated as a Programme Document by the Issuer 
and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (as the same may be amended, 
supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time) are together referred to as the 
programme documents (the Programme Documents). 
1.6 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, the Issuer shall be entitled to vary, approve 
or terminate the appointment of any agent or party thereto and/or appoint any additional or 
substitute agent or party in relation to the issue of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Issuer may 
also enter into any other agreement or document as it may from time to time deem necessary or

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
appropriate in relation to the Programme or issuance of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each of the 
Programme Documents shall further contain specific provisions for the amendment, 
supplement, replacement and/or restatement of such agreement and a reference to any 
Programme Document shall be deemed a reference to such agreement as the same may from 
time be time be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated. 
2. 
PROGRAMME AGREEMENT 
2.1. 
The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer entered into the Programme Agreement. The 
Programme Agreement includes the arrangements under which Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, the Dealer. The 
Programme Agreement makes, inter alia, provision for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, the price at which such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
subscribed by the Dealer (or, as the case may be, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such subscription. 
2.2. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment 
of the existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
3. 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS REPRESENTATIVE AGREEMENT 
3.1 
Introduction  
(a) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement 
dated on or about the date hereof (as amended from time to time), Stichting BNP 
Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative has been appointed as the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
(the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative). 
(b) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has been appointed by the Issuer 
as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, 
§2 of Annex III to the Banking Law upon the terms and conditions set out in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and the section "Meeting 
Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders" of this Base Prospectus. 
(c) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative can also be appointed to represent 
the Other Cover Pool Creditors provided that those Other Cover Pool Creditors agree 
with such representation. 
3.2 
Powers, authorities and duties 
The powers, authorities and duties of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative are 
specified under Part 2 "Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative" of the section 
"Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders" of this Base Prospectus. 
3.3 
Retirement and removal 
 
The provisions for the retirement or removal of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative are set out in Part 2 “Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative” of the 
section “Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders” of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
3.4 
Liability, exoneration and indemnity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative 
 
See Part 2 “Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative” of the section “Meeting Rules 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders” of this Base Prospectus for a summary of the 
provisions relating to the liability, relief from liability and entitlement to indemnity of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
3.5 
Amendments 
(a) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may upon the request of the Issuer 
on behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without the consent or sanction of 
any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of any Series or the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors it represents at any time and from time to time, concur with the Issuer or any 
other person in making: 
(i) any modification (other than in respect of a Basic Term Change) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of one or more Series (including 
the Conditions) or any Programme Document provided that in the sole opinion of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative such modification is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
of such Series; or 
(ii) any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
of any one or more Series (including the Conditions) or any Programme Document 
which is in the sole opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with the mandatory statutory provisions or would cause such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or such Programme Documents to better reflect or comply with the 
provisions and requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(b) 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
(c) 
In no event may such modification be a Basic Term Change. Reference is made to 
section "Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders" of this Base Prospectus 
for further details in this respect. 
3.6 
Waivers 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may in its sole discretion, without the 
consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without prejudice to its rights in respect of 
any further or other breach, condition, event or act from time to time and at any time, but only 
if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will not be 
materially prejudiced thereby, (i) authorise or waive, on such terms and conditions (if any) as 
shall seem expedient to it, any proposed or actual breach of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in or arising pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven or any of the Programme Documents, or (ii) determine 
that any breach shall not be, or shall not be subject to specified conditions, treated as such. Any 
such authorisation, waiver or determination pursuant to this clause shall be binding on the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and notice thereof shall be given by the Issuer (or the Cover 
Pool Administrator, as applicable) to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Rating 
Agency.

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
3.7 
Conflicts of interest 
(a) 
In exercising any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall have regard to the overall interests of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series taken together and of the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be 
obliged to have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to 
individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or such Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
(b) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, as regards the powers, 
authorities and discretions vested in it, except where expressly provided otherwise, 
have regard to the interests of both the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series and 
the Other Cover Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative but, if, in the opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, there is a conflict between the interests the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative will have regard solely to the interest of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, but, for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to 
the applicable priority of payments. 
4. 
AGENCY AGREEMENT  
4.1 
Under the Agency Agreement, the Domiciliary Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Registar and the Listing Agent will undertake to ensure the payment of the sums due 
on the Mortgage Pandbrieven and perform all other obligations and duties imposed on it by the 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement. 
4.2 
In addition, the Domiciliary Agent will perform the tasks described in the Clearing Services 
Agreement dated 15 February 2019, as amended from time to time, which comprise inter alia 
providing the NBB as operator the Securities Settlement System with information relating to 
the issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Base Prospectus and other documents required by 
law. 
4.3 
The Listing Agent will cause an application to be made to Euronext Brussels for the admission 
to trading of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
4.4 
The Registrar will maintain a register for the registration of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
which shall show the principal amount of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (as well as their 
date of issue and the Special Estate relating to such Registered Mortgage Pandbrief). The 
Register shall be available for inspecting by the Issuer, Domiciliary Agent or any person 
authorised by any of them. The Registrar will cancel any redeemed Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
4.5 
The Issuer shall pay or procure the payment of such commissions in respect of the services of 
the Domiciliary Agent, the Paying Agents and the Listing Agent under the Agency Agreement 
as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Agent. 
4.6 
The Issuer and each Agent may at any time, subject to prior written notice, terminate the 
appointment of a relevant Agent under the Agency Agreement. In addition, in certain events, 
the Issuer may terminate the appointment of an Agent forthwith. The termination of the 
appointment of an Agent (whether by the Issuer or by the resignation of the Agent) shall not be 
effective unless upon the expiry of the relevant notice there is:

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
(a) 
a Domiciliary Agent and a Principal Paying Agent (which may be the same entity) that 
will at all times be a participant in the Securities Settlement System; 
(b) 
so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by any other relevant authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Domiciliary 
Agent) that has its specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority (which, so long as the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on Euronext Brussels, shall be Brussels); 
(c) 
so long as there are Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, a Registrar (which may be the 
Issuer itself); and 
(d) 
in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, a Calculation Agent (which may 
be the Issuer itself). 
4.7 
The Agency Agreement provides for the appointment from time to time of a Calculation Agent 
to determine the interest rate in relation to any Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven. Such 
Calculation Agent may be appointed pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement which 
supplements the arrangements in the Agency Agreement. 
5. 
COVER POOL MONITOR AGREEMENT 
5.1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, David De Schacht, 
accredited auditor for financial institutions, domiciled at 3391 Tielt-Winge, 
Kapellekensweg 57 and Jurgen De Raedemaeker, accredited auditor for financial 
institutions, domiciled at 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42, acting joint and severally 
have been appointed as cover pool monitor pursuant to 16, §1 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law. The appointment of David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker 
jointly as Cover Pool Monitor was approved by the NBB on 26 June 2018 as stated in 
a confirmation letter dated 27 June 2018. 
(b) 
Each of David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker is a recognized banking 
auditor (revisor/réviseur) other than the statutory auditor of the Issuer (Article 11 §3 
of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree). During the term of the appointment of Cover 
Pool Monitor, David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker shall not act as statutory 
auditor of the Issuer. 
5.2. 
Tests and Reporting  
(a) 
The Cover Pool Monitor has agreed to perform the tasks and services entrusted to a 
cover pool monitor under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations in relation to the 
Issuer as issuer of Belgian covered bonds and the Special Estate. These tasks include, 
inter alia: 
(i) 
the issue of periodic reports to the NBB on compliance by the Issuer with the 
legal and regulatory framework in relation to Belgian covered bonds, including 
(among other things) the qualitative requirements in relation to the cover assets, 
the requirements for the cover register, the Statutory Tests and the Stress Tests; 
and 
(ii) 
such other tasks and verifications as may be requested by the NBB.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
(b) 
Prior to the first issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Cover Pool Monitor will 
among other things: 
(i) 
verify that all requirements applicable to the Cover Assets are fulfilled; 
(ii) 
analyse the Issuer's assessment of its organisational capacity to issue 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, including the Issuer's risk management policies to 
mitigate interest rate and currency exchange risks and report its findings to the 
NBB; and 
(iii) 
perform the procedures set out in the annex to the NBB Cover Pool Monitor 
Circular and such other procedures as it deems necessary to assess the Issuer's 
organisational suitability. 
(c) 
Following the issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Cover Pool Monitor will among 
other things: 
(i) 
verify, at least once a year whether all requirements applicable to the Cover 
Assets are fulfilled; 
(ii) 
verify at least once a month whether the Statutory Tests and the requirements 
in relation to the Cover Register are met;  
(iii) 
inform the NBB and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative at 
least every three months of the results of the Statutory Tests and the Stress 
Tests and the measures that were taken if the requirements of such tests were 
not met; and 
(iv) 
immediately inform the NBB and the Issuer if the Issuer does not comply with 
such requirements. 
(d) 
The Cover Pool Monitor shall perform its tasks in accordance with the provisions of 
the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and in particular the NBB Cover Pool Monitor 
Circular. 
5.3. 
Termination of appointment  
(a) 
The Issuer may terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor on 30 calendar 
days’ prior written notice provided that it has the prior consent of the NBB. 
(b) 
The Cover Pool Monitor has agreed to provide its services under the Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement for an indefinite period. The Cover Pool Monitor may resign from 
its appointment under the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement upon providing the Issuer, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the NBB with at least one 
year’s prior written notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Cover Pool Monitor 
may with the prior consent of the NBB resign from its appointment immediately by 
giving written notice to the Issuer and the NBB in the event a professional conflict of 
interest for the Cover Pool Monitor is caused by an action of the Issuer (or its 
shareholders) or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative or in the event 
the performance of its services would become illegal following a change of law. The 
Cover Pool Monitor is required to resign if it becomes the statutory auditor of the 
Issuer or otherwise becomes ineligible to act as a Cover Pool Monitor pursuant to the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
(c) 
Upon the Cover Pool Monitor giving 30 calendar days' prior written notice of 
resignation, the Issuer shall immediately use all reasonable endeavours to appoint a 
replacement (such replacement to be approved by the NBB which agrees to perform 
the duties of the Cover Pool Monitor set out in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations 
and in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement). 
5.4. 
Costs 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Appointment Agreement, the fees and cost of 
the Cover Pool Monitor will be borne by the Issuer. 
6. 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
The Programme Agreement may be supplemented on or around the date of each issuance by 
a subscription agreement, which will set out, inter alia, the relevant underwriting 
commitments (such agreement, the Subscription Agreement). 
7. 
SPECIAL ESTATE ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
7.1. 
The Special Estate Administration Agreement dated on or about the date hereof provides that 
all Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme shall be subject to and have the benefit 
of certain common terms (the Special Estate Administration Terms) regardless of whether 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued under the Base Prospectus or not. These Special Estate 
Administration Terms specify that all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will be represented by 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and will benefit from a recourse to the 
same Special Estate. Such recourse shall only extend to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
and the Other Cover Pool Creditors under the Programme. 
7.2. 
The other Special Estate Administration Terms provided for in the Special Estate 
Administration Agreement are: 
(a) 
the establishment and maintenance of the Cover Register in accordance with the 
requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(b) 
compliance of the Special Estate with the Statutory Tests; 
(c) 
the provision of the Investor Report; 
(d) 
the events of default to apply to all Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (which are the 
same as those set out in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default)); 
(e) 
the priorities of payment to apply following an Event of Default or an early repayment 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (which are the same as those set out in Condition 9 
(Priority of Payment)); 
(f) 
the types of assets which are to be used by the Issuer to comply with its revindication 
obligations should Cover Assets become commingled with the General Estate of the 
Issuer (which are the same as those set out in Condition 12.1 (Criteria for the transfer 
of assets by the General Estate to the Special Estate)); 
(g) 
the priority of application for recoveries from security which secures both Cover 
Assets (to which such recoveries shall first be applied until such Cover Assets have 
been satisfied in full) and assets forming part of the General Estate (which shall only 
receive such recoveries when the relevant Cover Assets have been repaid in full);

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
(h) 
the collateral provided under Hedging Agreements which are Cover Assets shall only 
be used for obligations in relation to the Special Estate and in accordance with the 
relevant Hedging Agreement; and 
(i) 
the appointment and maintenance of the appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor. 
7.3. 
The Special Estate Administration Agreement may only be amended by a Programme 
Resolution (as defined in the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement). 
However, the Special Estate Administration Agreement may be amended in writing between 
the Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the Cover Pool Monitor, 
without the agreement or consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders if: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the 
amendment will not materially prejudice the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders; or 
(b) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the 
amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(c) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the 
amendment is to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory statutory 
provisions; or 
(d) 
to better reflect the requirements and provisions of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations. 
7.4. 
Upon the Issuer’s request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, without 
the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, concur with the Issuer in 
making any modifications to the Conditions, to the Meeting Rules or to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms (together with any requisite or consequential modifications to the 
Programme Documents) that the Issuer may decide in its discretion to request in order to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law or with any criteria of a Rating Agency which may 
be published after the signing of the initial agreement(s) for the issuance of and subscription 
for the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative in writing it reasonably believes are necessary to avoid a downgrade, 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven, provided that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
shall not be obliged to agree to any modifications which, in the sole opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, would have effect of (i) exposing the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, to any liability against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing 
the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable in the Meeting Rules or the Conditions. For avoidance of doubt, 
such modification may include, without limitation, modifications which would allow any 
hedge counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider not to post collateral in circumstances 
where it previously would have been obliged to do so. 
7.5. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the Issuer’s request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall, without the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders, concur with the Issuer in making any modifications to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms (together with any requisite or consequential modifications to the

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
Programme Documents) that the Issuer may decide in its own discretion in relation to future 
issues of Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme provided that: 
(a) 
such modifications will not affect the then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency 
to any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme; and  
(b) 
the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in writing 
that these modifications will not affect the rights of Mortgage Pandbrieven already 
issued under the Programme, provided that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole 
opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, would 
have effect of: 
(i) 
exposing the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, 
to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or  
(ii) 
increasing the obligations or duties, or increasing the protections, of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable in the Meeting 
Rules or the Conditions. For avoidance of doubt, such modification may 
include, without limitation, modifications which would allow any hedge 
counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider not to post collateral in 
circumstances where it previously would have been obliged to do so. 
8. 
CLEARING SERVICES AGREEMENT 
Pursuant to the Clearing Services Agreement, the NBB as operator of the Securities 
Settlement System will provide clearing services for the Issuer. 
9. 
HEDGING AGREEMENTS 
9.1. 
The Issuer or, upon its appointment by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may, from 
time to time during the Programme, enter into interest rate swap agreements, currency swap 
agreements and other relevant swap or hedging agreements (together the Hedging 
Agreements) with one or more hedging counterparties (the Hedging Counterparties) for the 
purpose of, inter alia, protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, 
interest rate, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets and/or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
9.2. 
The distribution or priority rules between the obligations towards Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Hedging Counterparties are determined in the Conditions. Reference is made 
to Condition 9 (Priority of Payments) in this respect. 
10. 
LIQUIDATION FACILITY AGREEMENTS 
10.1. 
The Issuer or, upon its appointment by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may, from time 
to time during the Programme, enter into liquidity facility agreements (the Liquidity Facility 
Agreements) in relation to the Special Estate with one or more liquidity facility providers (the 
Liquidity Facility Providers) in order to improve the liquidity of the Special Estate. 
10.2. 
The distribution or priority rules between the obligations towards Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Liquidity Facility Providers are determined in the Conditions. Reference is 
made to Condition 9 (Priority of Payments) in this respect.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
SECTION 6 – COVER ASSETS 
The Belgian Covered Bond Regulations identify four categories of assets that may be included as 
cover assets in a special estate in relation to an issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven (see “Summary of 
the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations” – section “4.B. Further qualitative requirements for Cover 
Assets relating to Belgian Pandbrieven” above). In accordance with the undertakings included in 
the Conditions (see Condition 2.6(b)) and the Programme Documents, the Issuer will further limit 
the types of assets that will be eligible as Cover Assets for the Special Estate as described below. 
1. 
Main category of Cover Asset – Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Special Estate may be composed of assets of each of the following categories: residential 
mortgage loans (category 1), public exposures (category 3), exposures to credit institutions, 
including derivative contracts (category 4). 
The main asset category of the Special Estate will consist of Category 1 i.e. Residential 
Mortgage Loans. 
The value of Cover Assets out of this Category 1 (Residential Mortgage Loans) as determined 
in accordance with the valuation rules set out in the Article 6 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree must represent at least 85% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series outstanding (the 85% Asset Coverage Test). In exceptional 
circumstances the NBB may decrease the minimum percentage of 85 % of the 85% Asset 
Coverage Test. 
2. 
Description of the Residential Mortgage Loans 
(a) 
Interest Rates 
The Residential Mortgage Loans comprising Cover Assets bear: 
(i) 
a fixed rate interest for the entire term of the Residential Mortgage Loan; or 
(ii) 
an interest rate which is subject to a reset from time to time, with the period 
between to reset dates being no less than one year and no more than ten years. 
The actual amount of interest paid under the Residential Mortgage Loans will vary during the 
maturity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven as a result of the level of delinquencies, defaults, 
repurchases, repayments and prepayments in respect of the Residential Mortgage Loans. 
(b) 
Prepayment Penalties 
In accordance with applicable law, the Residential Mortgage Loan agreements allow for 
prepayment penalties equal to three months interest on the prepaid amount, calculated at the 
interest rate then applicable to the prepaid Residential Mortgage Loan (except in the case of: 
(a) death of a Borrower if the Residential Mortgage Loan is repaid from the proceeds of life 
insurance taken out in relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans; or (b) in case of destruction 
of or damage to the property because of hazard, to the extent that the prepayment occurs with 
funds paid pursuant to a hazard insurance policy relating to the Residential Mortgage Loan). 
(c) 
Default Interest

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
In 
respect 
of 
arrears 
on 
the 
Residential 
Mortgage 
Loans, 
default 
interest 
(nalatigheidsinterest/intérêt moratoire) at a rate of up to 0.5 per cent per annum is 
charged/applied in addition to the interest rate then applicable to the Residential Mortgage 
Loan. 
(d) 
Types of Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Residential Mortgage Loans comprising Cover Assets are of the following repayment 
terms: 
(i) 
Linear Residential Mortgage Loan means a mortgage loan under which the 
Borrower has to make a periodical repayment of principal which remains the 
same for the duration of the loan, so that the debt gradually decreases. Due to 
the decreasing outstanding balance, the interest payment decreases 
proportionally. As a result, the gross mortgage costs (interest plus repayment 
of principal) decreases over time; 
(ii) 
Annuity Residential Mortgage Loan means a mortgage loan under which 
the Borrower has to make a periodical repayment which remains the same for 
the duration of the loan consisting partly of interest and partly of principal, 
whereby the interest payments decrease and the repayments of principal 
increase. As of 1 January 1995, only monthly based Annuity Mortgage Loan 
can be offered. The monthly payment has been calculated based on monthly 
scheduled payments in arrears, as a result of which the distribution between 
the interest and principal component alters every month; 
(iii) 
Interest-Only Residential Mortgage Loan means a mortgage loan under 
which the Borrower does not have to reimburse principal amount until 
maturity of such loan, but only makes interest payments during the lifetime of 
the loan. The interest payment can be monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or 
annually; and 
(iv) 
Reconstitution Residential Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage 
Loan the terms of which provide that on its final maturity date the proceeds 
of a Reconstitution Insurance Policy will be used for its repayment. Under this 
type of Residential Mortgage Loan the Borrower does not repay any principal, 
but instead pays life insurance premiums to the Insurance Company and 
interest on the Mortgage Loans. The premiums are used to provide death cover 
and to accumulate capital. For that purpose the Borrower or a third party who 
has taken out the insurance on the life of the Borrower, transfers or pledges to 
the Originator its rights to payment and under the relevant Reconstitution 
Insurance Policy or appoints the Originator as the beneficiary of such policy. 
A Reconstitution Insurance Policy is either an Investment Insurance Policy 
or a Savings Insurance Policy. An Investment Insurance Policy is a life 
insurance policy under which the premiums paid by the Borrower or the third 
party that has taken out the policy on the life of the Borrower, are invested in 
an investment fund. This type of policy is always combined with a prior death 
coverage. Upon maturity of the Reconstitution Loan the investments will be 
sold and the proceeds used to repay the loan (whether in full or in part, 
depending on the value of the investments). Should the Borrower decease the 
proceeds will be used to repay the loan. Savings Insurance Policy is a life

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
insurance policy under which the premiums are used to accumulate capital at 
a guaranteed minimum rate of return. This type of policy is also always 
combined with a prior death coverage. 
(e) 
Loan Security 
The Residential Mortgage Loans are secured by (1) a first ranking mortgage, and, as the case 
may be, (2) a lower ranking mortgage provided that the Issuer also has the benefit of all higher 
ranking mortgages on the same real estate and, as the case may be, a mandate to create 
mortgages. 
(i) 
Mortgage 
A mortgage creates a priority right to payment out of the mortgaged assets, 
subject to mandatory statutory priorities (including beneficiaries of prior 
ranking mortgages). 
Most of the Residential Mortgage Loans are secured by a Mortgage which is 
used to also secure all other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future 
may owe to the Issuer (alle sommen hypotheek/hypothèque pour toute somme) 
(a All Sums Mortgage). 
Pursuant to Article 81quinquies of the Mortgage Act a receivable secured by 
an All Sums Mortgage which is registered in the Cover Register shall, in 
respect of such mortgage, (i) rank in priority to any receivable which arises 
after the date of the registration and (ii) have equal ranking with loans or debts 
which existed at the time of the registration, unless stipulated otherwise in the 
issue conditions. 
Other Mortgage Loans have been originated under credit facilities which have 
the form of a revolving facility (kredietopening / ouverture de crédit) (a 
Credit Facility). The Mortgage that is granted as security for this type of 
loans is used to secure all advances (voorschotten / avances) made available 
under such revolving facility. In many cases the Mortgage that is created in 
respect of this type of loans is also an All Sums Mortgage. 
Pursuant to Article 81quater of the Mortgage Act, an advance granted under 
a revolving facility secured by a mortgage can be registered in the Cover 
Register. Such advance will benefit from the privileges and mortgages 
securing the revolving facility. The advance registered in the Cover Register 
shall, in respect of the mortgage securing the revolving facility, (i) rank in 
priority to further advances that are granted after the date of registration and 
(ii) have equal ranking with other advances which existed at the time of the 
registration, unless stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions. 
Condition 12.3 (Priority Rules regarding security interest securing both 
Cover Assets and assets in the General Estate) provides that if a security 
interest (including any mortgage and mortgage mandate) secures both Cover 
Assets and assets in the General Estate, all sums received out of the 
enforcement of the security interest will be applied in priority to satisfy the 
obligations in relation to the Cover Assets. Any proceeds of enforcement of 
such security interest can only be applied in satisfaction of the obligations of

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
the relevant assets in the General Estate once all sums owed to the Special 
Estate in respect of the relevant Cover Assets are irrevocably repaid in full. 
(ii) 
Mortgage Mandate 
A mortgage mandate is often used in addition to a mortgage to limit 
registration duties payable by the Borrower. 
A mortgage mandate does not create an actual security interest and does not 
therefore create an actual priority right of payment out of the proceeds of a 
sale of the mortgaged assets. The mortgage mandate is an irrevocable mandate 
granted by a Borrower or a third party collateral provider to certain attorneys 
to create a mortgage as security for the Residential Mortgage Loan and all 
other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer. 
Only after creation of the mortgage, the beneficiary of the mortgage will have 
a priority right to payment out of the proceeds of a sale of the mortgaged 
assets. See further Risk Factors – Mortgage Loans – Mortgage Mandates; 
(iii) 
as the case may be, life insurance policies and hazard insurance policies; 
(iv) 
as the case may be, an assignment of salary by the Borrower; and/or 
(v) 
as the case may be, any pledge, set-off or unicity of account rights of the Issuer 
pursuant to its applicable general banking terms and conditions. 
Pursuant to Article 3, §2, 3° of Annex III to the Banking Law (and, as far as Mortgage 
Mandates are concerned, Articles 81sexies and 81septies of the Mortgage Act), all 
security interests and sureties, guarantees or privileges under whichever form that 
have been granted in relation to Cover Assets as well as rights under insurance 
policies and other contracts in relation to the Cover Assets or the management of the 
Special Estate are automatically part of the Special Estate.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
SECTION 7 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously within 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(CSSF) shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
• 
The 2023 annual report of the Issuer (available on the website of the Issuer 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/financial-reports-2023-
2/annual-report-2023-bnp-paribas-fortis-en.pdf?sfvrsn=a1dd696f_6) including in particular, 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (including the unqualified opinion with an 
explanatory paragraph of the statutory auditors on the consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2023); the auditor consents with the following pages of the audit 
report being incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus): 
(a) 
the audited consolidated profit and loss account of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
page 44 
(b) 
the statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
recognised directly in equity of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 
page 45 
(c) 
the balance sheet of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 
page 46 
(d) 
the cash flow statement of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 
page 47 
(e) 
statement of changes in shareholders' equity  
page 48 
(f) 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 (including a summary 
of significant accounting policies applied by the Issuer, effect 
of IFRS 16 first time adoption, notes to the profit and loss 
account, segment information, notes to the balance sheet, 
commitments given or received, salaries and employee 
benefits and additional information) 
pages 51 – 166 
(g) 
the section headed "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy", 
including: 
pages 167 – 190 
Risk management organisation 
pages 169 – 171 
Risk measurement and categories 
Pages 172 – 173 
Capital Adequacy 
pages 174 – 176 
Credit and counterparty credit risk 
pages 177 – 181

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
Market risk 
pages 182 – 184 
Sovereign risk 
page 185 
Operational risk 
page 186 
Compliance and reputational risk 
page 187 
Liquidity risk 
page 188 
(h) 
the statutory auditor's report to the general shareholder's 
meeting on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (an unqualified 
opinion with an explanatory paragraph) 
pages 191 – 197 
(i) 
the section headed ‘Report of the Board of Directors' 
describing decisions of the Board of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 3:32 of the Belgian Company Code 
pages 200 – 204 
• 
The 2022 annual report of the Issuer (available on the website of the Issuer 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/financial-reports-2022-
2/annual-report-2022-bnp-paribas-fortis-en.pdf?sfvrsn=1a5f686f_6) including, in particular, 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (including the unqualified opinion with an 
explanatory paragraph on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2022); the auditor consents with the following pages in the audit report being incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus): 
(a) 
the audited consolidated profit and loss account of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
page 46 
(b) 
the statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
recognised directly in equity of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 
page 47 
(c) 
the balance sheet of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 
page 48 
(d) 
the cash flow statement of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 
page 49 
(e) 
statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 1 
January 2021 and 31 December 20222 
page 50 
(f) 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 (including a summary 
of significant accounting policies applied by the Issuer, 
segment information, financing commitments and guarantee 
pages 51 – 169

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
commitments, salaries and employee benefits and additional 
information) 
(g) 
the section headed "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy", 
including: 
pages 172 – 192 
Risk management organisation 
pages 173 – 174 
Risk measurement and categories 
pages 175 – 176 
Capital Adequacy 
pages 177 – 179 
Credit and counterparty credit risk 
pages 180 – 184 
Market risk 
pages 185 – 187 
Sovereign risk 
page 188 
Operational risk 
page 189 
Compliance and reputational risk 
page 190 
Liquidity risk 
page 191 
(h) 
the statutory auditor's report to the general shareholder's 
meeting on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (unqualified 
opinion with an explanatory paragraph) 
pages 194 – 201 
(i) 
the section headed ‘Report of the Board of Directors' 
describing decisions of the Board of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 3:32 of the Belgian Company Code 
pages 204 – 210 
• 
The articles of association of the Issuer dated 22 April 2021, available on the website of the 
Issuer https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com. 
• 
The corporate governance charter of the Issuer dated 6 October 2022, available on the website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/about-
us/corporate-governance-charter---eng.pdf. 
• 
The following section of the Pillar 3 disclosures for the year 2023, available on the website of 
the Issuer https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/financial-reports-
2023-2/fortis-pillar-3-2023.pdf?sfvrsn=53c3696f_8:  
Pillar 3 Disclosures for the Year 2023 
 pages 5-66

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
• 
The following section of the Additional Pillar 3 disclosures for the year 2023 published by 
BNPPF 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-
(en)/financial-reports-2023-2/fortis-additional-pillar-3-2023.pdf?sfvrsn=3ac3696f_6. 
Additional Pillar 3 Disclosures for the Year 2023 
pages 3-27 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference lists above are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the statutory seat of the Issuer, on its website 
(www.bnpparibasfortis.com) and the website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com). Other 
information contained on the website of the Issuer (www.bnpparibasfortis.com) and the website of 
Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, unless stated otherwise in this Base Prospectus. 
The documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may contain further references or 
hyperlinks to other documents or websites. Such further references or hyperlinks are not incorporated 
by reference and do not form part of this Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA. In case there is only reference to certain parts of a document in the above mentioned 
documents, the non-incorporated parts, to the extent they are not explained elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus, are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
SECTION 8 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer will, in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and which arises or is noted between the time when the prospectus is approved and the 
closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs 
later, or any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or 
the issue of any Mortgage Pandbrieven, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
to be listed and admitted to trading on an EU Regulated Market. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, in connection with the listing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on Euronext Brussels, so long 
as any Mortgage Pandbrief remains outstanding and listed on such exchange, in the event of any 
material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer which is not reflected in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer will prepare a further supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed on 
Euronext Brussels or another market. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus shall no longer apply after the expiry of the validity 
period of this Base Prospectus as specified on the front cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
SECTION 9 – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven, subject as set out 
herein. The applicable terms of any Mortgage Pandbrieven will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and will be set out in the Conditions 
of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may also 
issue from time to time Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme which shall be subject to terms 
and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus. In such circumstances, the 
relevant forms of terms of such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for issuing Mortgage Pandbrieven in an 
aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all 
Mortgage Pandbrieven previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed 
EUR 20,000,000,000, subject to increase as described herein.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
SECTION 10 – FORM OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
1. 
FORM 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be issued in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) or in registered form (Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by 
a registrar on behalf of the Issuer (the Registrar) in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the 
Belgian Company Code. 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance 
with Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code.  
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be represented by a book entry in the records 
of the clearing system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the NBB) or any successor 
thereto (the Securities Settlement System). The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven can be 
held by their holders through the participants in the Securities Settlement System, including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking AG, Germany (Clearstream, 
Germany), SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland (SIX SIS, Switzerland), Monte Titoli S.p.A., Italy 
(Euronext Securities Milan, Italy), InterBolsa S.A., Portugal (Euronext Securities Porto, 
Portugal) and any other national or international NBB investors central securities depository 
(NBB investor (I)CSDs) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven through Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs or other participants in the Securities Settlement System.  
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be accepted for clearance (settlement) through 
the Securities Settlement System and will accordingly be subject to the Securities Settlement 
System Regulations. Holders of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are entitled to exercise 
the rights they have, including exercising their voting rights and other associative rights (as 
defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Company Code) against the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and without prejudice to the powers of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, 
Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or any other 
participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing their 
position in the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (or the position held by the financial 
institution through which their Mortgage Pandbrieven are held with the NBB, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext 
Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or such other participant, in 
which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). References 
to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and/or any other NBB 
investor (I)CSDs shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent. 
The Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper 
performance by the Securities Settlement System or its Participants of their obligations under 
their respective rules and operating procedures.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not 
be exchanged for Mortgage Pandbrieven in bearer form. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
not be exchanged for Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
2. 
TITLE AND TRANSFER 
Title to and transfer of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be evidenced only by records 
maintained by the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants and in accordance 
with the applicable rules and procedures for the time being of the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, 
Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities 
Settlement System participants, as the case may be.  
Title to and transfer of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall pass by registration of the 
transfer by the Issuer or by the Registrar in a register in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of 
the Belgian Company Code.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
3. 
PAYMENTS  
All payments of principal or interest owing under the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
shall be made through the Domiciliary Agent and the Securities Settlement System in 
accordance with the Settlement System Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement. The 
Issuer will validly discharge its payment obligations towards the Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders by payment to the Securities Settlement System through the intervention 
of the Domiciliary Agent. 
The Securities Settlement System will not be involved in the payment of interest or principal 
payable on or in respect of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven expressed in any currency 
other than Euro. Such amounts will be settled outside the Securities Settlement System and paid 
through the intervention of the Domiciliary Agent or the Paying Agents as appointed from time 
to time under the Agency Agreement to participants holding positions in the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven via Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs. Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
shall be paid to the person shown on the register of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven at the 
close of business on the 15th calendar day before the due date for payment thereof.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
SECTION 11 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
The following are the Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven which, as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, will 
apply to the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
following Conditions, replace or modify the following Conditions for the purpose of such particular 
Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, in the case of any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are neither to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered to the public 
in an EEA State in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation (Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
The Issuer may also issue from time to time Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme which shall 
be subject to terms and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus, in the 
case of any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are neither to be listed or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area nor offered to the public in an EEA State in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. In such circumstances, 
the relevant forms of terms of such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in a schedule to the Agency 
Agreement. 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (BNP Paribas Fortis or the Issuer) has established a Retained Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of Belgian pandbrieven/lettres de gage 
governed by the Law of 3 August 2012 on the legal framework of Belgian covered bonds (Wet van 3 
augustus 2012 tot invoering van een wettetijke regeling voor Belgische covered bonds/Loi du 3 août 
2012 instaurant un régime légal pour les covered bonds belges) (as implemented in Annex III to the 
Banking Law) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented (hereinafter the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Programme are intended to be issued to (i) BNP Paribas Fortis 
and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary of BNP Paribas Fortis, and/or (ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas 
Group. This Programme is to be distinguished from and is created in addition to the Non-Retained 
Programme. 
The National Bank of Belgium (Nationale Bank van België/Banque Nationale de Belgique) (the NBB 
or the Competent Authority) has admitted the Issuer to the list of credit institutions that have obtained 
the authorisation to issue Belgian covered bonds pursuant to Article 80, §1 of the Banking Law on 9 
February 2016. The Programme has been admitted by the NBB to the list of authorised programmes for 
issue of Belgian covered bonds pursuant to Article 81, §1 of the Banking Law. Upon so being notified 
by the Issuer, the NBB shall regularly update such list with the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the 
Programme and shall indicate that the Mortgage Pandbrieven constitute Belgian pandbrieven/lettres de 
gage under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
As used herein, Tranche means Mortgage Pandbrieven which are identical in all respects (including as 
to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven together with 
any further Tranche or Tranches of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are (a) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Each Tranche is the subject of Final Terms which complete these Conditions.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to Mortgage Pandbrieven are, unless the context 
otherwise requires, to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant Series. 
The relationship between BNP Paribas Fortis as issuer and BNP Paribas Fortis as domiciliary agent, 
paying agent and listing agent (hereinafter the Domiciliary Agent, the Paying Agent and the Listing 
Agent which expression includes any successor agent appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven), any entity from time to time appointed as registrar (hereinafter the 
Registrar, which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Mortgage Pandbrieven) and the other paying agents appointed from time to time under the 
agency agreement (together with the Domiciliary Agent, the Paying Agent, the Listing Agent and the 
Registrar, the Agents, which expression includes any successor agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Mortgage Pandbrieven) is determined in accordance with an agency agreement to 
be made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Fortis and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
(such agency agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated on or about the date hereof. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative acts as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders within the meaning of Article 1, 4° of Annex III to the Banking Law in accordance with the 
provisions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement (such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement) dated on or about the date 
hereof and made between the Issuer and Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven 
Representative as representative (in such capacity, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, which expression shall include any successor Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative) and with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
The Cover Pool Monitor has been appointed as cover pool monitor in relation to the Special Estate (as 
defined below) pursuant to Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and the Belgian Covered 
Bond Regulations and pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
Pursuant to a special estate administration agreement to be entered into between the Issuer, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the Cover Pool Monitor (such special estate 
administration agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Special Estate Administration Agreement) dated on or about the date hereof, all Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme shall be subject to and have the benefit of certain common 
terms (the Special Estate Administration Terms) regardless of whether the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are issued under the Base Prospectus or not. 
The relationship between the Issuer and the NBB as operator of the Securities Settlement System (as 
hereinafter defined) in relation to the clearing of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven is governed 
by a clearing services agreement (such clearing services agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Clearing Services Agreement) entered into between the Issuer, 
the Domiciliary Agent and the NBB. 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into interest rate swap agreements, 
currency swap agreements and other relevant swap or hedging agreements (together the Hedging 
Agreements) with one or more hedging counterparties (the Hedging Counterparties) for the purpose 
of, inter alia, protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, interest rate, currency 
exchange, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets (as defined below) and/or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into liquidity facility agreements (the 
Liquidity Facility Agreements) in relation to the Special Estate with one or more liquidity facility 
providers (the Liquidity Facility Providers) in order to improve the liquidity of the Special Estate. 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement; 
(c) 
the Programme Agreement;  
(d) 
the Special Estate Administration Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Clearing Services Agreement. 
The Agency Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the Programme 
Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement, the Special Estate 
Administration Agreement, any Subscription Agreement, each of the Final Terms, any Hedging 
Agreement, any Liquidity Facility Agreement, any Calculation Agency Agreement and any additional 
document entered into in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or the Special Estate and designated 
as a Programme Document by the Issuer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, are 
together referred to as the Programme Documents. 
Copies of the Programme Documents are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
statutory seat of the Issuer and at the Specified Office of the Domiciliary Agent and copies may be 
obtained from those offices save that, if the relevant Registered Mortgage Pandbrief is an Exempt 
Mortgage Pandbrief, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holder holding one or more Mortgage Pandbrieven and such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent as to its holding of such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and identity. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms that are 
applicable to them. By subscribing for or otherwise acquiring the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders will also be deemed to have knowledge of, accept and be bound by all the 
provisions of, the other Programme Documents. 
1. INTERPRETATION  
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings 
85% Asset Coverage Test means the requirement set out in the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations that the Asset Coverage Percentage must be at least 85% at all times. 
Accrual Yield has, in relation to a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, the meaning given in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Asset Coverage Percentage means the proportion, expressed as a percentage, that the 
aggregate value of the Residential Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets in the Special 
Estate and determined in accordance with the valuation rules set out in the Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree bears to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
Banking Law means the law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision on credit 
institutions and stockbroking firms (Wet op het statuut van en het toezicht op de 
kredietinstellingen en beursvennootschappen/Loi relative au statut et au contrôle des 
établissements de crédit et des sociétés de bourse) as subsequently amended and/or 
supplemented and/or re-enacted. 
Base Prospectus means the base prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 6 August 2024, 
as amended/supplemented from time to time. 
Belgian Company Code means the Belgian Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des sociétés et des associations. 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations means the Banking Law, the Mobilisation Law, the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree, the NBB Covered 
Bonds Circular, the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Circular and any other law, royal decree, 
regulation or order that may be passed or taken in relation to Belgian covered bonds. 
Business Day means a day which is a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which the NBB 
Securities Settlement System is operating. 
Calculation Agency Agreement means any calculation agency agreement that may be entered 
into by the Issuer with a third party in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Calculation Agent means the Issuer or any other calculation agent appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cover Assets means Residential Mortgage Loans and any other loans, securities, accounts, 
contracts or other assets which comply with the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations and that are registered in the Cover Register, and all other assets listed in Article 
1/2 of Annex III to the Banking Law that are included in the Special Estate pursuant to Article 
3, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Cover Asset Adequacy Test means the requirement set out in Article 5 of the Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree that, with respect to the Special Estate, the sum of interest principal and all other 
revenues generated by the Cover Assets must be sufficient to cover the sum of all interest, 
principal and charges linked to maintenance and administration (including the winding down) 
of the issuance programme and the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Cover Pool Administrator means any person or persons appointed (and any additional or 
replacement person or persons appointed or substituted) as a cover pool administrator 
(portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) by the NBB pursuant to Article 8 of Annex 
III to the Banking Law. 
Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree means the Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the 
cover pool administrator in the context of the issue of Belgian covered bonds by a Belgian credit 
institution (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 oktober 2012 betreffende de portefeuillebeheerder in het 
kader van de uitgifte van Belgische covered bonds door kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch 
recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 relatif au gestionnaire de portefeuille dans le cadre de 
l’émission de covered bonds belges par un établissement de crédit de droit belge) as 
subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-issued. 
Cover Pool Creditors means the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
Cover Pool Monitor means a cover pool monitor (portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de 
portefeuille) appointed in accordance with Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and 
its representative (as approved by the NBB in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations). 
Cover Register means the cover register established by the Issuer for the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme in accordance with Article 15 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law and Article 9 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
Cover Tests means the Cover Asset Adequacy Test, the 85% Asset Coverage Test and the 
Over-Collateralisation Test. 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree means the Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the issue of 
Belgian covered bonds by Belgian credit institutions (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 oktober 2012 
betreffende de uitgifte van Belgische covered bonds door kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch 
recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 relatif a l'émission de covered bonds belges par des 
établissements de crédit de droit belge) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or 
re-issued. 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms as 
subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-issued. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(b) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
If Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if 30/360,360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D2 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
 Day Count Fraction =   
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless 
(x) that day is the last day of February or (y) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (x) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (y) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1. 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Determination Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
Early Redemption Amount means the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.4 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
ECB Eligible means debt claims (other than those of the Issuer or any of its group companies) 
that are, at the relevant time, included on the list of assets eligible to be used as collateral for 
monetary policy operations published by the European Central Bank on its website. 
Eligible Investor means a person who is entitled to hold securities through a so-called "X-
account" (being an account exempted from withholding tax) in a settlement system in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the collection and 
refund of withholding tax (as amended or replaced from time to time). 
Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty, as amended. 
Event of Default has the meaning given in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default). 
Excess Swap Collateral means an amount equal to the value of any collateral transferred to 
the Issuer by a Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement: (A) in respect of which the 
terms of such Hedging Agreement do not, at the relevant time, provide for such collateral to be 
applied in satisfaction of the Hedging Counterparty’s obligations to the Issuer; or (B) that is in 
excess of the Hedging Counterparty's liability to the Issuer thereunder (i) as at the termination 
date of the transaction entered into under such Hedging Agreement or (ii) as at any other date 
of valuation in accordance with the terms of the Hedging Agreement.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
Exempt Investor has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Tax gross-up). 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules. 
Final Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; 
(ii) 
in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(C) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(D) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(E) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 
(F) 
if 30/360,360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
 
 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D2 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
 
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(H) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
 
 
Where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1, will be 30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(I) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1 
General Estate means the assets of the Issuer that at such time do not form part of a special 
estate(s) of the Issuer constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the relevant 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will accrue interest. 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Period means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the period from 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date. 
Interest Period End Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Junior Liquidity Amount means any amount, including any costs, charges, liabilities and 
expenses, due and payable to a Liquidity Provider which under the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Agreement are expressed to rank junior to interest and principal due to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and any other party ranking senior in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
Liquidity Test means the requirement to have a liquidity buffer as set out in Article 7 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate of Interest means, in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Rate of Interest (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Meeting Rules has the meaning assigned to it in Condition 13 (Meeting Rules of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders). 
Minimum Rate of Interest means, in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Rate of Interest (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mobilisation Law means the Law of 3 August 2012 on various measures to facilitate the 
mobilisation of receivables in the financial sector (Wet van 3 augustus 2012 betreffende diverse 
maatregelen ter vergemakkelijking van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële 
sector/Loi du 3 août 2012 relative à des mesures diverses pour faciliter la mobilisation de 
créances dans le secteur financier) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-
enacted. 
Moody’s means Moody’s France SAS. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or Holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven means the persons in 
whose name a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief is registered or, as the case may be, the holders 
from time to time of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven as determined by reference to the 
records of the relevant clearing systems or financial intermediaries and the affidavits referred 
to in Condition 2 (Type, Form, Denomination and Title). 
NBB Cover Pool Monitor Circular means the circular (NBB_2022_16) of the NBB addressed 
to the cover pool monitors of Belgian credit institutions that issue Belgian covered bonds dated 
14 June 2022 (Circulaire aan de portefeuille surveillanten van kredietinstellingen naar 
Belgisch recht die Belgische covered bonds uitgeven/Circulaire aux surveillants de portefeuille 
auprès d'établissements de crédit de droit belge qui émettent des covered bonds belges) as 
subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-issued. 
NBB Covered Bonds Circular means the circular (NBB_2022_15) of the NBB concerning the 
practical rules for the application of the law of 25 April 2014 establishing a legal framework 
for Belgian covered bonds (Praktische regels voor de toepassing van de wet van 25 april 2014 
op het statuut van en het toezicht op kredietinstellingen en beursvennootschappen zoals 
gewijzigd door de wet van 26 november 2021 met het oog op de omzetting van Richtlijn 
2019/2162 betreffende de uitgifte van en het overheidstoezicht op gedekte obligaties/Modalités 
pratiques d’application de la loi du 25 avril 2014 relative au statut et au contrôle des 
établissements de crédit telle que modifiée par la loi du 26 novembre 2021 afin de transposer 
la directive 2019/2162 relative à l'émission et à la surveillance publique des obligations 
sécurisées) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-issued. 
Notice of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 8 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Operational Creditors means (1) any servicer appointed to service the Cover Assets, (2) any 
account bank appointed to hold accounts of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate, (3) any 
stock exchange on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed and/or admitted to trading, (4)

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
any auditor, legal counsel and tax advisor of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate or the 
Programme, (5) any custodian of Cover Assets or assets in the Special Estate, (6) any rating 
agency appointed by the Issuer to rate the Programme or the Mortgage Pandbrieven, (7) any 
agent or party appointed in accordance with the Programme Documents, (8) any other creditor 
of amounts due in connection with the management or administration of the Special Estate, and 
(9) any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any services provided or any transaction entered 
into in connection with the Special Estate or the Programme, and notified to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative or as may from time to time be specified in the Conditions 
of any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
Ordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules. 
Other Cover Pool Creditors means the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, any 
Cover Pool Administrator, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Registrar, the Hedging 
Counterparties (if any), any Liquidity Facility Providers (if any) and any Operational Creditors. 
Over-Collateralisation Test means the requirement set out in the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations that the value of the Cover Assets determined in accordance with the valuation 
rules set out in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree must represent at least 105% of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Mortgage Pandbrief, on any day, the 
principal amount of that Mortgage Pandbrief on the Issue Date thereof less principal amounts 
received by the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder in respect thereof on or prior to that day, 
provided that the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Mortgage Pandbrief that has 
been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer shall be zero. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules. 
Rate of Interest means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the rate of 
interest payable from time to time as described in Condition 4 (Interest). 
Rating Agency means any rating agency (or its successor) who, at the request of the Issuer, 
assigns and for as long as it assigns, one or more ratings to the Mortgage Pandbrieven under 
the Programme from time to time, which may include Moody's and S&P. 
Record Date has the meaning given in Condition 5.1(b) (Payments in relation to Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
Reference Banks means the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone 
interbank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Reference Price has, in respect of a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, the meaning given 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Related Security means all security interests and sureties, guarantees or privileges under 
whichever form that have been granted in relation to Cover Assets as well as rights under 
insurance policies and other contracts in relation to the Cover Assets or the management of the 
Special Estate.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
Relevant Screen Page has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Resolution means an Ordinary Resolution, an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme 
Resolution. 
Residential Mortgage Loans means residential mortgage loans within the meaning of Article 
1/2, a) of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Screen Rate Determination means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven is to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven). 
Securities Settlement System has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
on any day, the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven comprised in that Series. 
Settlement System Regulations means Belgian clearing regulations, including the Belgian law 
of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees 
of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of the Securities Settlement System and its 
annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time. 
Special Estate means the special estate (bijzonder vermogen/patrimoine spécial) of the Issuer 
constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law in relation to the Programme. 
Specified Currency means Euro or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Specified Office means 1000 Brussels, Montagne du Parc 3, Belgium, or such office as notified 
to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders by the Domiciliary Agent in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices). 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR. 
Statutory Tests means the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test. 
Subordinated Termination Payment means any termination payments due and payable to any 
Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement where such termination results from (a) an 
Additional Termination Event relating to the credit rating or credit worthiness of the Hedging 
Counterparty as specified in the schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement, (b) the 
bankruptcy of the relevant Hedging Counterparty, or (c) any default and/or failure to perform 
by such Hedging Counterparty under the relevant Hedging Agreement, other than, in the event 
of (a) or (b) above, the amount of any termination payment due and payable to such Hedging 
Counterparty in relation to the termination of such transaction to the extent of any premium 
received by the Issuer from a replacement hedging counterparty. 
Sub-unit with respect to Euro, means, one cent. 
T2 System means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, which was 
launched on 20 March 2023 or any successor thereto.

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
VAT means: 
(A) 
any tax chargeable under or pursuant to the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112) or any legislation 
implemented by any member state of the European Union by virtue of EC Directive 
2006/112; and 
(B) 
any other tax of a similar nature, whether chargeable in a member state of the European 
Union or elsewhere. 
Winding-up Proceedings means winding-up proceedings (liquidatieprocedures/procédures 
de liquidation) within the meaning of Article 3, 59° to the Banking Law. 
2. TYPE, FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1. Residential Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued as Belgian pandbrieven (belgische pandbrieven/lettres 
de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. The Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be covered in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations by the 
same Special Estate of which the main asset category will consist of residential mortgage loans 
within the meaning of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. The Mortgage Pandbrieven can also 
be referred to as "European covered bonds (premium)" (Europese gedekte obligaties 
(premium)/obligation garantie européenne (de qualité supérieure)) in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations. 
2.2. Form 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with Article 7:35 
et seq. of the Belgian Company Code (Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven) or in registered 
form in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code (Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrieven). 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by 
the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company 
Code. Holders of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven can obtain a certificate demonstrating the 
registration of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven in the register. 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with 
Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code. The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
will be represented by a book entry in the records of the clearing system operated by the NBB or 
any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement System). The Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven can be held by their holders through the participants in the Securities Settlement 
System, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking AG, Germany 
(Clearstream, Germany), SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland (SIX SIS, Switzerland), Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., Italy (Euronext Securities Milan, Italy), InterBolsa S.A., Portugal (Euronext Securities 
Porto, Portugal) and any other national or international NBB investors central securities 
depository (NBB investor (I)CSDs) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold 
the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven through Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs or other participants in the Securities Settlement System. Payments of

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
principal, interest and other sums due under the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
made in accordance with the rules of the Securities Settlement System through the NBB. Holders 
of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including 
exercising their voting rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 
7:41 of the Belgian Company Code) against the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and 
without prejudice to the powers of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, upon 
submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal, any other NBB 
investor (I)CSDs or any other participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised 
securities accounts showing their position in the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (or the 
position held by the financial institution through which their Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are held with the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal, any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution 
will also be required). 
References to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and/or any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent. 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be 
exchanged for Mortgage Pandbrieven in bearer form. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not 
be exchanged for Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
2.3. Title and transfer  
a) 
Title 
Title to and transfer of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be evidenced only by 
records maintained by the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, 
SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal 
and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants and 
in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures for the time being of the Securities 
Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants, as the case may be. 
Title to and transfer of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall pass by registration of the 
transfer by the Issuer or by the Registrar in a register in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. 
of the Belgian Company Code. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
b) 
Transfer 
(i) Transfer free of charge

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
Transfer of Mortgage Pandbrieven on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and/or the Registrar, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require). 
(ii) Transfer documents and certificates 
Upon a sale or transfer of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, the seller thereof will be 
required to complete the relevant transfer documents and certificates which can be 
found at the website of the Issuer or can be obtained from the Registrar. 
(iii) Closed Period 
No Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder may require the transfer of a Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief to be registered (i) during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the due 
date for full redemption of that Registered Mortgage Pandbrief, (ii) after any such 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrief has been called for full redemption or (iii) during the 
period of 15 calendar days ending on (and including) the due date for payment of 
principal and/or interest in respect of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
2.4. Denomination  
The Covered Bond will be issued in such denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms (the Specified Denomination) 
with a minimum specified denomination of EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other relevant 
Specified Currency as at the date of issuance of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
All Mortgage Pandbrieven of the same Series will have the same Specified Denomination shown 
in the applicable Final Terms in relation to each Tranche comprising such Series. 
2.5. Fixed rate, Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven or Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Mortgage Pandbrieven are Fixed Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven or Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, or a combination of the foregoing, depending upon the interest basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Interest Basis). 
2.6. Issuer undertaking 
For so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, the Issuer will ensure that: 
(a) 
it will comply with the obligations applicable to it under the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations; 
(b) 
that the Special Estate will mainly consist of Residential Mortgage Loans and will not 
include mortgage loans other than Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(c) 
that the Special Estate will at all times include a number of liquid bonds (i) which have 
an aggregate market value which, after applying the ECB haircut in accordance with the 
Guideline of the ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem 
monetary policy (as may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time 
to time), is higher than the amount of interest due and payable on the outstanding 
Mortgage Pandbrieven within a period of three months meeting the criteria set out in

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
section 7 of the NBB Covered Bonds Circular and (ii) which (1) are eligible as collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy purposes and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, (2) have a credit quality step 1 as defined in the CRR, (3) are subject to a 
daily mark-to-market, (4) have a remaining maturity of more than three months and, (5) 
are not debt issued by the Issuer (the Undertaking of the Issuer with regard to 
Liquidity of the Special Estate); and 
(d) 
to provide an investor report (the Investor Report), containing information, as set out in 
Article 15/1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and Article 12 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree, regarding, amongst others, the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the composition of 
the Special Estate, on a monthly basis, on the 15th Business Day of each calendar month 
(each an Investor Report Date), which will be made available on the website of the 
Issuer. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued as Belgian pandbrieven (belgische pandbrieven/lettres 
de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and will constitute 
direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
will rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their 
Series, and at least pari passu with all other present and future outstanding unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by law that are both mandatory and 
of general application. In addition, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be covered in accordance with 
the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations by the Special Estate and the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors will have an exclusive right of recourse to the Special 
Estate. 
 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1. Interest on Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Each Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4. Interest will accrue in respect of each Interest Period and will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s). 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to, in the case 
of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Principal Amount Outstanding or, in the case a 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrief, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief and, in either case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, 
the outcome being rounded down to the nearest cent or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
4.2. Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(a) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Date 
Each Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven bears interest at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest (determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b) (Rate of Interest)), from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date. Interest 
will accrue in respect of each Interest Period and will be payable in arrear on the Interest

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
Payment Date(s). The amount of interest payable shall be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(d) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be equal to the rate of interest determined in the following manner, but 
subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Issuer or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Issuer or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the ISDA Definitions), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the Eurozone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day of that Interest 
Period or (II) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
For the purposes of this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i), (1) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions and (2) Eurozone means the region comprising 
the member states of the European Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from 
time to time. 
When this Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation Agent 
will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 4.2(d) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts) in respect of 
the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i). 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation appearing on the 
relevant Screen Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent 
(B) 
If the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, and 
(1) 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A)(1) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (A)(2) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question; 
(2) 
on any Interest Determination Date, 
- two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
- fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the offered quotation for deposits 
in Euro for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered quotations for deposits in Euro for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Eurozone inter bank market, as the case may be, plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any); 
(3) 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations; and 
(4) 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Domiciliary Agent and the Issuer, as 
applicable, of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable 
after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Mortgage Pandbrieven for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to, in the case of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, the relevant 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding or, in the case a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief, 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Registered Mortgage Pandbrief and, in either 
case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, the outcome being 
rounded down to the nearest cent or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will promptly notify the Domiciliary Agent and the Issuer, as 
applicable, of each Interest Amount and the Domiciliary Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the other Agents and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven are for the time being listed (to the extent 
required by the rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Rate of Interest so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are for the time being listed (to the extent required by the rules applicable 
to the relevant stock exchange) and to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(f) 
Calculation Agent 
If for any reason at any relevant time after the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent defaults 
in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest and any Interest Amount in accordance 
with Conditions 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) or 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination) above, and in each case in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(d) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of 
Interest Amounts), the Issuer or upon the opening of Winding-up Proceedings against the 
Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator, if the Calculation Agent is not the Issuer or the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, if the Calculation Agent is the Issuer, 
may determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion having such 
regard as it may think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always 
to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may 
be, the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable, may calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it 
shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances but taking into account the 
provisions of the applicable Final Terms. In making any such determination or 
calculation, the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator or the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative, as applicable, may appoint and rely on a determination or 
calculation by a calculation agent (which shall be an investment bank or other suitable 
entity of international repute). If such determination or calculation is made, the Issuer, 
the Cover Pool Administrator or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as 
applicable, shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer, the Domiciliary 
Agent, the other Agents, the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable, and each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven are for the time being listed (to the extent required by the 
rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange), of such determination or calculation and 
each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Notifications to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven), whether by the Issuer 
or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, gross negligence, fraud or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Domiciliary Agent, the other Agents and all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, as 
applicable, shall attach to the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark replacement

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
Without prejudice to the other provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply to the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer 
determining (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders) (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and (B) in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may still determine (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2(h); 
(iii) if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference 
Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h)); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith, determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith, determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer 
may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, 
but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business 
Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date, and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and (B) the 
method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent and any other agents party to the Agency 
Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may 
be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 4.2(h). No 
consent shall be required from the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in connection

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps to be taken by the Agent and any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement (if required or useful); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice 
thereof to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. Such notice shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made 
to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions (if any), 
provided that the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) and any other related changes to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
shall be made in accordance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations (if applicable). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h) shall act in good faith as 
an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
4.2(h). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.2(h), the Reference 
Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply unless and until the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(h): 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(d) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
bonds denominated in the Specified Currency of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Issuer determines that there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate. 
Applicable Banking Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines 
and policies of the Relevant Regulator, or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect 
in Belgium, applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate stating that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease to publish the relevant 
Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the relevant 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
stating that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within 
the following six months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other agents party 
to the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders using the relevant Reference Rate. 
IA Determination Cut-Off Date means no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
Relevant Regulator means the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank or any 
successor or replacement entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer. 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to, or replacement of, 
the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.3. Accrual of Interest 
Each Mortgage Pandbrief (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Mortgage Pandbrief, 
that part only of such Mortgage Pandbrief) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for 
its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: (a) the date on which all amounts 
due in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrief have been paid; and (b) five (5) calendar days after 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Domiciliary 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
4.4. Interest on Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will, subject to Condition 4.5 (Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date), 
not bear periodic interest. When a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven becomes repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, it will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with Condition 6.4 (Early Redemption Amounts). In the case of late payment the 
amount due and repayable shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Late Payment 
for Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
4.5. Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance 
with Condition 6.2 (Extension of Maturity Date): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven then outstanding shall bear interest from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
redeemed in full, subject to Condition 4.3 (Accrual of Interest). In that event, interest 
shall be payable on the Mortgage Pandbrieven at the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 4.5(b) below on each Mortgage Pandbrief then outstanding on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided 
in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the 
Extended Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 4.5(a) above will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the 
Calculation Agent fourteen (14) calendar days after the Maturity Date in respect of the 
first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, for 
the purposes of this Condition 4.5(a), the principal amount outstanding of each Covered 
Bond shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date in 
respect of such Covered Bond less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with the Conditions. 
4.6. Business Day Conventions 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, or (ii) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, or (iii) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In the event of Mortgage Pandbrieven cleared through the Securities Settlement System, the 
Following Business Day Convention will always be applicable. 
5. 
PAYMENTS  
5.1. Method of payment 
(a) Payments in relation to Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Subject as provided below, all payments of principal or interest owing under the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be made through the Domiciliary Agent and the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with the Settlement System Regulations and the 
Clearing Services Agreement. 
Any payment of interest, principal or other sums payable on Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven expressed in any currency other than Euro will be settled outside the Securities 
Settlement System and paid by the Domiciliary Agent and paying agents (appointed from 
time to time under the Agency Agreement) via Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any 
other NBB investor (I)CSDs. 
(b) Payments in relation to Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be 
paid to the person shown on the register of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven at the close

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
of business on the fifteenth calendar day before the due date for payment thereof (the Record 
Date). 
5.2. Payments subject to fiscal laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (a) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Tax gross-
up) as applicable and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged by the Issuer or the Domiciliary Agent to the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in respect of such payments. 
5.3. Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrief is not a Payment 
Day (as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount 
due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
payment in respect of any delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject 
to Condition 10 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) a day on which the T2 System is open; and 
(b) a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5.4. Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Tax gross-up) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement; 
(b) the Final Redemption Amount; 
(c) the Early Redemption Amount; and 
(d) in relation to Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined 
in Condition 6.4(c) (Early Redemption Amounts)) 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 7 (Tax gross-up) or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or 
in substitution therefore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
6.1. Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Mortgage 
Pandbrief will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject to Condition 6.2 
(Extension of Maturity Date) below. 
6.2. Extension of Maturity Date 
(a) This Condition 6.2, other than paragraph (b) below, applies to Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
respect of which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Paragraph (b) below applies to all Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus. 
(b) For purposes of the Liquidity Test, the calculation of the principal amount of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in respect of which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms 
will be based on the Extended Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, in accordance with 
Article 7, §1, par. 1, final sentence of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
(c) The relevant Extension Trigger Event will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and can 
be one or any combination of the following: 
Failure To Pay means that the Issuer has determined that it is unable to repay all amounts 
that are due on the applicable original Maturity Date (“failure to pay”); 
Liquidation or Resolution: a liquidation procedure (as defined in Article 3, 59° of the 
Banking Law) is initiated in respect of the Issuer or the Issuer is resolved (as defined in 
Article 3, 55° of the Banking Law). 
(d) If an Extension Trigger Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms occurs, the Issuer 
(or, in case of a liquidation procedure (as defined in Article 3, 59° of the Banking Law) or 
resolution (as defined in Article 3, 55° of the Banking Law) in respect of the Issuer, the Cover 
Pool Administrator) may extend the applicable original Maturity Date to the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date (and the obligation of the Issuer to redeem the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven shall be deferred accordingly) in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2 and in each case subject to Article 13/1 to Annex III to the Banking Law.  
(e) The Extended Maturity Date in respect of any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (the 
Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven) shall be the earlier of (i) the Extended Maturity Date as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the maturity date (as extended, if applicable) 
of any other Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven falling after the original Maturity Date of the 
Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
(f) If the original Maturity Date is extended in accordance with this Condition 6.2, the relevant 
Extension Trigger Event and the action plan that the Issuer will follow to ensure that all 
amounts due are repaid on the Extended Maturity Date shall be documented and notified to 
the NBB within 15 Business Days of the extension in accordance with Article 13/1, §2 of 
Annex III to the Banking Law. If the relevant Extension Trigger Event is Failure To Pay, the 
Issuer shall demonstrate that it has taken all reasonable measures to prevent the Extension 
Trigger Event from occurring. 
(g) If the original Maturity Date is extended in accordance with this Condition 6.2, the obligation 
of the Issuer to redeem the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be deferred until the

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
Extended Maturity Date and in such case the Final Redemption Amount will not be 
considered to have been due and payable on the original Maturity Date, and no Event of 
Default will be deemed to have occurred as a result of non-payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount on the original Maturity Date. The extension of the original Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2 shall not affect the situation of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders of such Series and the Other Cover Pool Creditors in terms of their exclusive right 
to the Cover Assets constituting the Special Estate.  
(h) Following an extension of the Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 6.2, the Issuer 
may redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven in whole or in part on any Interest Payment Date 
falling after the original Maturity Date but prior to the Extended Maturity Date, provided that 
on such Interest Payment Date there are no outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven of another 
Series with an original maturity date falling before the original Maturity Date of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (or that such outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven of another Series are redeemed 
in full on such Interest Payment Date). 
(i) Subject to Condition 4 below, if and to the extent that on any subsequent Interest Payment 
Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (each an Extension Payment Date), the 
Issuer has sufficient available funds to redeem the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, then the  
Issuer shall (a) give notice thereof to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of such Series, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least two Business Days prior to such Extension Payment 
Date and (b) apply such available funds to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven of such Series 
on such Extension Payment Date at their Final Redemption Amount. 
(j) The Issuer, or as the case may be the Cover Pool Administrator on its behalf, shall give notice 
of the extension of the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2 as soon as reasonably practicable, to the Cover Pool Monitor, the Rating 
Agency, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Domiciliary Agent, the 
Paying Agent, and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of the relevant Series as soon as 
reasonably practicable. Any failure by the Issuer (or the Cover Pool Administrator, as the 
case may be) to notify such parties shall not affect the validity of effectiveness of the 
extension. 
(k) If the maturity of any Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 6.2, for so long as any of those Mortgage Pandbrieven 
remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Mortgage Pandbrieven, unless the 
proceeds of issuance of such further Mortgage Pandbrieven are applied by the Issuer on 
issuance in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance 
with the terms hereof. 
6.3. Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if the relevant Mortgage Pandbrief is not a Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrief) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if the relevant Mortgage Pandbrief is a Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrief), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Domiciliary 
Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and, in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Tax

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
gross-up), as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven; and 
(b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 calendar days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts where a 
payment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Domiciliary Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer, stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 (Redemption for taxation 
reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.4 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of early redemption. 
6.4. Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.3 (Redemption for taxation reasons), Condition 6.5 (Illegality) 
and Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the Early Redemption Amount in respect 
of any Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be calculated as follows: 
(a) in the case of a Mortgage Pandbrief with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue 
Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) in the case of a Mortgage Pandbrief (other than a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief) with a 
Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
(c) in the case of a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief, at an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
Where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to (but excluding) the

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Mortgage 
Pandbrief becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, provided 
that where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, it shall be made (i) in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven payable 
in a Specified Currency other than Euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 
12 months of 30 days each or (ii) in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
payable in Euro, on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, 
if any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365) or (iii) other such redemption amount of a Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Pandbrieven as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.5. Illegality 
In the event that the Issuer determines that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or 
in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority 
or power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less than thirty (30) nor 
more than sixty (60) calendar days' notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant Series, each Mortgage Pandbrief being redeemed at the 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Domiciliary Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer, stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
6.6. Purchases 
The Issuer, any subsidiary, affiliate or holding company of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any other member of the BNP Paribas Group may at any time purchase or otherwise 
acquire Mortgage Pandbrieven at any price in the open market either by tender or private 
agreement or otherwise. 
Any Mortgage Pandbrieven acquired by the Issuer may be held, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, transferred to the Domiciliary Agent for cancellation. 
In accordance with Article 10, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, it is hereby specifically 
provided that the Issuer (or any other member of the BNP Paribas Group) holding Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be entitled to exercise all rights related to such Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
including all rights in respect of Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions (including the Meeting Rules).   
6.7. Subscription to own Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Issuer may subscribe to its own Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Article 10, §1 of 
Annex III to the Banking Law.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
Any Mortgage Pandbrieven subscribed by the Issuer may be held, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, transferred to the Domiciliary Agent for cancellation. 
In accordance with Article 10, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, it is hereby specifically 
provided that the Issuer (or any other member of the BNP Paribas Group) holding Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be entitled to exercise all rights related to such Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
including all rights in respect of Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions (including the Meeting Rules). 
6.8. Late Payment for Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven upon redemption of 
such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.3 or 6.5 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld 
or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.4 (Early Redemption Amounts) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
have been paid; and 
(b) five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven has been received by the Domiciliary Agent and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
6.9. Removal of Cover Assets from the Cover Register  
For the avoidance of any doubt, upon the redemption of Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (or the cancellation of Mortgage Pandbrieven as referred to in Conditions 
6.7 and 6.8), the Issuer will be entitled to remove Cover Assets from the Cover Register provided 
that Cover Assets remaining in the Special Estate following such removal would ensure that the 
Issuer continues to satisfy the Statutory Test and the obligations under the Programme 
Documents.  
7. 
TAX GROSS-UP  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Belgium or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of such amounts 
after such withholding or deduction as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
(a) with respect to any payment in respect of any Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief: 
(i) 
held by a holder of a Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief which is liable to Taxes 
in respect of such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief by reason of its having some

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such Taxes have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrief; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required to 
be made pursuant to FATCA; or 
(iii) held by a holder of a Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief who would have been 
able to avoid such withholding or deduction by arranging to receive the relevant 
payment through another paying agent of the Issuer in a member state of the 
European Union; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven is not an Eligible Investor (unless that 
person was an Eligible Investor at the time of its acquisition of the relevant 
Mortgage Pandbrief but has since ceased (as such term is defined from time to 
time under Belgian law) being an Eligible Investor by reason of a change in the 
Belgian tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation or application thereof or by 
reason of another change which was outside that person's control), or is an Eligible 
Investor but is not holding the relevant Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief in an 
exempt securities account with a qualifying clearing system in accordance with 
the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions in certain securities and 
its implementation decrees; or 
(v) 
to a holder who is liable to such Taxes because the Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven were converted into registered Mortgage Pandbrieven upon his/her 
request and could no longer be cleared through the Securities Settlement System; 
or 
(vi) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; 
(b) with respect to any payment in respect of any Registered Mortgage Pandbrief: 
(i) 
held by a holder of a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief which is liable to Taxes in 
respect of such Mortgage Pandbrief by reason of its having some connection with 
the jurisdiction by which such Taxes have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required to 
be made pursuant to FATCA; or 
(iii) held by a holder of a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by arranging to receive the relevant payment 
through another paying agent of the Issuer in a member state of the European 
Union; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven is not to a holder who is an Exempt Investor (as 
defined below) (unless that person was an Exempt Investor at the time of its 
acquisition of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrief but has since ceased (as such term 
is defined from time to time under Belgian law) being an Exempt Investor by

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
reason of a change in the Belgian tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation or 
application thereof); or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed for reason of the holder of the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, at the time of the relevant interest payment, not 
benefitting from a full exemption from Belgian interest withholding tax due to the 
Issuer no longer qualifying as a financial institution as referred to in the Articles 
105, 1°, a) and 107, §2, 5°, b) of the Royal Decree implementing the Belgian 
Income Tax Code 1992; or 
(vi) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(vii) presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder of the Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief would have been entitled to additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 calendar days; or 
(viii) which is issued as a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven or any other Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrief which provides for the capitalisation of interest. 
As used in this Condition: 
Exempt Investor means a holder of a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief that, as of the relevant 
interest payment date, (i) is not resident for tax purposes in Belgium and does not use the income 
producing assets to exercise a business or professional activity in Belgium, (ii) has been the legal 
owner (eigenaar/proprietaire) or usufructuary (vruchtgebruiker/usufruitier) of the Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrief during the entire relevant interest period, (iii) has been registered with the 
Issuer as the holder of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrief during the entire relevant interest 
period, (iv) has provided the Issuer with an affidavit in which it is certified that the conditions 
mentioned in points (i) and (ii) are complied with, with respect to such interest payment on or 
before the date such affidavit is required to be delivered to the Issuer and (v) complies with any 
further requirement imposed by any successor provision to the current relevant Belgian tax 
provisions. 
Relevant Date in respect of any payment means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
8.1. 
Events of default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an Event of Default): 
(a) on the Extended Maturity Date (in respect of any Series in respect of which an Extended 
Maturity Date applies in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) or on the Maturity 
Date (in respect of any Series in respect of which an Extended Maturity Date does not 
apply) in respect of any Series, there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven on such date and such default is not remedied within a period of 
fourteen (14) calendar days from the due date thereof; or

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
(b) on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount of interest due on 
any Series occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of fourteen (14) 
calendar days from the due date thereof; 
then the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may and, if it has been so directed by 
a request in writing by the holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate of the Series Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding but excluding 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven held by the Issuer for the calculation of the percentage (with the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single Series) or if so directed by a 
Programme Resolution (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction), shall serve a notice (a Notice of Default) on the Issuer (copied to the Cover Pool 
Monitor, the NBB, the Rating Agency and, if appointed, the Cover Pool Administrator). 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, (i) no further Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
issued and (ii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven of each Series shall become immediately due and 
repayable on the date specified in the Notice of Default at the Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest thereon to the date of repayment. 
8.2. 
Enforcement  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may at any time after the occurrence of 
an Event of Default, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or any Programme Document. 
No Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to 
take any action with respect to the Programme Documents, the Mortgage Pandbrieven or the 
Cover Assets unless the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, having become 
bound so to proceed pursuant to a Resolution or a direction of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders in accordance with the Conditions, as applicable, fails so to do within a reasonable 
period, fourteen (14) Business Days being considered reasonable in this respect, and such 
failure shall be continuing. 
8.3. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Waiver  
Each of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders hereby acknowledges that the provisions of Article 
5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code shall not apply with respect to its obligations under these 
Conditions and that it shall not be entitled to make any claim under Article 5.74 of the Belgian 
Civil Code. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders waive, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Articles 5.90 and 5.91 of the Belgian 
Civil Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or demand in legal proceedings the rescission 
(ontbinding/résolution) of, the Mortgage Pandbrieven and (ii) all their rights whatsoever in 
respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Company Code (right 
to rescind (ontbinding/résolution)). 
9. 
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS  
9.1. Priority of Payments 
Following (i) delivery of a Notice of Default or (ii) a decision by the Cover Pool Administrator 
to early redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex 
III to the Banking Law and as long as no Notice of Default has been delivered, all funds deriving

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
from the Cover Assets or otherwise received or recovered by the Special Estate and subject to 
Condition 9.2 (Excess Cover Assets) (whether in the administration, liquidation of the Special 
Estate or otherwise) (other than amounts or financial instruments representing Excess Swap 
Collateral (if any), which amounts shall be applied in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Hedging Agreement(s)) shall be applied on any Business Day in accordance with the following 
order of priority of payments (the Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and to the extent 
that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) provided that any such amount that is 
due to be paid hereunder has not been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the 
Special Estate: 
(a) first, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts then due and payable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
(including remuneration or amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under the provisions 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement or any other Programme 
Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the 
extent provided therein, (ii) to pay all amounts then due and payable to the Agents and/or the 
Registrar (if any) under the provisions of the Agency Agreement, any Calculation Agency 
Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest and applicable VAT 
(or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; (iii) to pay all amounts then 
due and payable to the Cover Pool Monitor under the provisions of the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest and applicable VAT 
(or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; (iv) upon its appointment in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, to pay all amounts then due to any 
Cover Pool Administrator (including any of its representatives or delegates) pursuant to the 
conditions of its appointment together with interest and applicable VAT or other similar taxes 
and any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Special Estate; and (v) to pay any 
amounts, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and taxes due and payable by the Issuer or 
the Special Estate to the Operational Creditors; 
(b) second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts of interest and principal then due and payable on any Mortgage Pandbrieven, (ii) 
any amounts due and payable under any Hedging Agreement other than the Subordinated 
Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements, 
and (iii) to pay all amounts due and payable under any Liquidity Facility Agreement to any 
Liquidity Facility Provider (other than any Junior Liquidity Amounts); 
(c) third, pari passu and pro rata, (i) payment of any amount due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination Payment, and (ii) payment of 
any Junior Liquidity Amounts due and payable under any Liquidity Facility Agreement to 
any Liquidity Facility Provider; and 
(d) fourth, once all Mortgage Pandbrieven have been redeemed and following the payment in 
full of all items under (a) to (c) above, to pay any excess to the General Estate of the Issuer. 
9.2. Excess cover Assets  
Nothing in Condition 9.1 shall operate to prevent the Issuer, the Special Estate, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor or any Cover Pool Administrator 
from complying with any direction made in accordance with Article 11, 8˚ of Annex III to the 
Banking Law from the bankruptcy trustee of the General Estate of the Issuer to transfer to the 
General Estate of the Issuer such Cover Assets as the bankruptcy trustee of the General Estate of 
the Issuer has determined, after consultation with the NBB (taking into account the Belgian

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
Covered Bond Regulations and, as the case may be, the rating assigned to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven), to be no longer required to form part of the Special Estate. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION  
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten 
years or, in the case of interest, five years after their due date, unless application to a court of law 
for such payment has been initiated on or before such respective time. The due date for Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of which the Maturity Date has been extended shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
11. 
AGENTS 
(a) In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
the Calculation Agent, the Domiciliary Agent, any (Principal) Paying Agent, the Listing 
Agent and the Registar (the Agents) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders. 
(b) The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
and to appoint a successor Agent provided, however, that: 
(i) the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Domiciliary Agent and a Principal Paying Agent 
(which may be the same entity) which will at all times be a participant in the Securities 
Settlement System; 
(ii) so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Domiciliary Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority (which, 
so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on Euronext Brussels, shall be Brussels); 
(iii) so long as there are Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Registrar for the relevant Series of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (which may be 
the Issuer itself); and 
(iv) in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent for the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (which may be 
the Issuer itself). 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents, the Registrar or the Calculation Agent or in their 
specified offices shall promptly be given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). 
12. 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN PROVISIONS  
12.1. Criteria for the transfer of assets by the General Estate to the Special Estate 
In accordance with Article 3, §2, 2nd indent of Annex III to the Banking Law, the following 
criteria shall be applied in circumstances where amounts must be transferred to the Special Estate 
but cannot be identified within the General Estate of the Issuer. In such circumstances, the 
General Estate shall transfer to the Special Estate (in consultation between the Cover Pool 
Administrator and the bankruptcy trustee of the Issuer), instead of the relevant amounts, the

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
following unencumbered assets available within the General Estate in an equal amount 
determined in the following order of priority: 
(a) first, credit quality step 1 bonds that are ECB eligible and/or level 1 assets as described in the 
liquidity risk framework calculation of the liquidity coverage ratio (as implemented through 
the CRR); 
(b) failing which, credit quality step 2 bonds that are ECB eligible and/or level 2 assets as 
described in the liquidity risk framework calculation of the liquidity coverage ratio (as 
implemented through CRR); 
(c) failing which, bonds other than (a) or (b) above that are ECB eligible; 
(d) failing which, bonds other than (a), (b) or (c) above; 
(e) failing which, public sector exposure other than (a), (b), (c) or (d); 
(f) failing which, residential mortgage loans; and 
(g) failing any of the above, such assets as the Cover Pool Administrator in the name and for the 
account of the Special Estate may select in its sole discretion. 
12.2. Use of swap collateral  
Any collateral provided to the Issuer in the context of a Hedging Agreement that constitutes a 
Cover Asset, may only be used in order to satisfy the obligations that relate to the Special Estate 
and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Hedging Agreement. 
12.3. Priority Rules regarding security interest securing both Cover Assets and assets in the 
General Estate 
If a security interest (including any mortgages or mortgage mandates) secures claims of both the 
Special Estate and the General Estate of the Issuer, proceeds from the enforcement of any such 
security interest shall be applied in priority to satisfy the obligations due in respect of the Cover 
Assets shown in the Cover Register as comprising part of the Special Estate. Only upon 
satisfaction in full of the relevant claims of the Cover Assets shown in the Cover Register as 
comprising part of the Special Estate shall any of the proceeds be applied against the claims of 
the General Estate which are also secured by such security interest.  
12.4. Priority Rules regarding security interests securing both Cover Assets and cover assets of 
other special estate(s)  
If a security interest (including any mortgages and mortgage mandates) secures both Cover 
Assets and cover assets of other special estate(s) of the Issuer, proceeds from the enforcement of 
any such security interest shall be applied pari passu and pro rata to satisfy the obligations in 
relation to the different special estates of the Issuer. 
13. 
MEETING RULES 
The Meeting Rules of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (the Meeting Rules) are attached to, and 
form an integral part of, these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the Meeting Rules 
include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained 
therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
The Articles 7:161 to 7:176 of the Belgian Company Code relating to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ meetings shall only apply to the extent that (i) the Conditions (including the Meeting 
Rules) and (ii) the articles of association of the Issuer, do not contain provisions which differ 
from the provisions contained in such articles. 
14. 
THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has been appointed by the Issuer as 
representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex 
III to the Banking Law upon the terms and conditions set out in the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders Representative Agreement and herein. 
As long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, there shall at all times be a representative 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law, which has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by these Conditions, the 
Meeting Rules, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations in order to protect the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
By reason of holding Mortgage Pandbrieven, each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder: 
(a) recognises the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as its representative and (to 
the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from 
time to time by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in such capacity as if 
such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder was a signatory thereto; and 
(b) acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in respect 
of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders as a result of the performance by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under these Conditions 
(including the Meeting Rules). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may also be appointed to represent Other 
Cover Pool Creditors provided that such Other Cover Pool Creditors agree with such 
representation. 
15. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, as regards the powers, authorities and 
discretions vested in it, except where expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the overall 
interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series taken together and of the Other Cover 
Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative provided that if, in the opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, there is a conflict between the interests the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and 
those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative will have 
regard solely to the interest of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or such Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS 
16.1. Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
The Meeting Rules contain provisions for convening meetings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders of each Series to consider matters relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of the Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt any such 
modification or waiver shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer or, upon the opening of 
Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf of the 
Special Estate, except as provided otherwise in the Meeting Rules. 
All meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will be held in accordance with the Meeting 
Rules. The Articles 7:161 to 7:173 of the Belgian Company Code relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ meetings shall only apply to the extent that (i) the Conditions (including 
the Meeting Rules) and (ii) the articles of association of the Issuer do not contain provisions 
which differ from the provisions contained in such articles. 
16.2. Written Resolution 
Except in relation to a Programme Resolution to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed 
with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law, a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of holders of 50% or more of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a 
Programme Resolution. A resolution in writing to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed 
with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law signed by or on behalf 
of holders of 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a Programme 
Resolution. A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of two thirds of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding shall 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A written resolution signed by the holders of 50% or 
more of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. Such resolutions 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
17. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS AND WAIVERS 
Amendments to and waivers of the Conditions shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Rules. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, subject to Condition 6.2 (Extension of Maturity Date) and in 
accordance with the Statutory Tests, without the consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, 
create and issue further Mortgage Pandbrieven having either: (i) the same terms and conditions 
as the Mortgage Pandbrieven in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest thereon, issue date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven; or (ii) different terms from any existing Mortgage Pandbrieven, where Mortgage 
Pandbrieven shall constitute a new Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
19. 
NOTICES  
Notices to be given by any holder of Mortgage Pandbrieven (including notices to convene a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders) shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
with the Domiciliary Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. Notices to

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
be given to the holders of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (including notices to convene a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders) shall be deemed to have been duly given to the 
relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders if sent to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext 
Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs for communication by them to 
the holders of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven and shall be deemed to be given on the 
date on which it was so sent. 
All notices to holders of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (including notices to convene a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders) will be mailed by regular post, by fax or by e-mail 
to the holders at their respective addresses or fax numbers appearing in the register of Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If sent by post, notices will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. If sent by fax, notices will be deemed 
to have been given upon receipt of a confirmation of the transmission. If sent by e-mail, when 
the relevant receipt of such communication being read is given, or where no read receipt is 
requested, by the sender at the time of sending provided that no delivery failure notification is 
received by the sender within 24 hours of sending the communication. 
So long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority and if the rules of the exchange so require, any notice shall also be 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant 
authority. 
No notifications in any such form will be required for convening meetings of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders if all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders have been identified and have been 
given an appropriate notice by registered mail. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall be at liberty 
to approve any other method of giving notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders if, in its opinion, 
such other method is reasonable having regard to the then-prevailing market practice and rules 
of the competent authority, stock exchange, clearing system or, as the case may be, quotation 
system on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are then listed or admitted to trading. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven and all matters arising from or connected with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, arising 
from or connected with the Mortgage Pandbrieven (including any disputes relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Mortgage Pandbrieven).

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
SECTION 12 – MEETING RULES OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS 
PART 1 – GENERAL PROVISIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
1. GENERAL PROVISIONS  
1.1. Each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder is a member of the meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders held in accordance with these meeting rules (the Meeting Rules). The Articles 7:161 to 
7:173 of the Belgian Company Code shall only apply to the extent that (1) the Conditions 
(including these Meeting Rules) or (2) the articles of association of the Issuer do not contain 
provisions which differ from the provisions contained in such articles. 
1.2. The Meeting Rules, which are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of each Series issued by the Issuer under the Programme, aim to co-ordinate the 
exercise of the rights of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and, more generally, to protect the 
interest of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. To this end: 
(a) Part 2 of these Meeting Rules contains provisions applicable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative; and 
(b) Part 3 of these Meeting Rules contains the rules that apply in particular to the meeting of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
1.3. The Meeting Rules shall remain in full force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of whatever Series. 
2. INTERPRETATION  
2.1. Definitions 
Unless otherwise defined in these Meeting Rules or unless the context otherwise requires, in these 
Meeting Rules the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Basic Term Change 
means a change to any of the matters referred to under Clauses 
13.2(f) to 13.2(i) (inclusive) of the Meeting Rules;  
Block Voting Instruction 
means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with Clause 8.3.(c) of 
the Meeting Rules; 
Conditions 
means the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of 
the relevant Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer; 
Extraordinary Resolution 
means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Meeting Rules by a majority of at least two 
thirds of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven for which votes have been 
cast; 
Ordinary Resolution 
means any resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Meeting Rules by a simple majority of at 
least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Series Principal Amount

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
Outstanding of the Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven for which 
votes have been cast plus one vote; 
Programme Resolution 
means any resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Meeting Rules by a simple majority of at 
least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series under the 
Programme for which votes have been cast plus one vote, with the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single 
Series; 
Recognised Accountholder 
means, in relation to one or more Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, 
the 
recognised 
accountholder 
(erkende 
rekeninghouder/teneur de compte agréé) within the meaning of 
Article 7:35 of the Belgian Company Code with which a Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holder holds such Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven on a securities account; 
Resolution 
means an Ordinary Resolution, an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
Programme Resolution; 
Voting Certificate 
means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with Clause 8.3. (b) 
of the Meeting Rules. 
Any other capitalized terms used in the Meeting Rules and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the 
meaning and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions. 
2.2. Interpretation 
All references in the Meeting Rules to: 
(a) Mortgage Pandbrieven are, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of the relevant Series; 
(b) a Clause shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a reference to a Clause 
of the Meeting Rules; and 
(c) a Meeting references to a meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of a single Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven (except in case of a meeting to pass a Programme Resolution, in 
which case the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series are taken together as a single Series) and 
includes, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment.

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
PART 2 – MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
3. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL  
3.1. Appointment  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has been appointed by the Issuer as Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with 
Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law upon the terms and conditions set out in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and herein. 
As long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, there shall at all times be a Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with 
Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative protects the interests of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and hereto has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Conditions, the Meeting Rules, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and 
the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. In connection with the exercise of its functions (including 
but not limited to those referred to in these Meeting Rules) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall have regard to the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders under the 
Programme and Other Cover Pool Creditors (in accordance with Clause 4.3), and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders. 
By reason of holding Mortgage Pandbrieven, each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder: 
(a) recognises the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as its Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any 
agreement entered into from time to time by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in such capacity as if such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder were a signatory 
thereto; 
(b) acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in respect 
of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders as a result of the performance by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the Conditions; and 
(c) agrees that the Issuer, as agreed in the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, shall pay to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative a remuneration 
for its services as Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
3.2. Retirement and removal 
3.2.1. Conditions for Removal 
As long as Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall not retire and may only be removed from its duties under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the Meeting Rules or any other 
Programme Document by means of a Programme Resolution:

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
(a) if any of the following events occurs, namely: 
(i) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the dissolution 
(ontbinding / dissolution) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative except a dissolution (ontbinding / dissolution) for the purpose 
of a merger where the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
remains solvent; or 
(ii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on its business or a substantial part of its business or stops 
payment or threatens to stop payment of its debts or becomes unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due or the value of its assets falls to less than the amount 
of its liabilities (taking into account for both these purposes its contingent and 
prospective liabilities) or otherwise becomes insolvent; or 
(iii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative defaults in the 
performance or observance of any of its material covenants and obligations 
under the Conditions, Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement or any other Programme Document and (except where such 
default is incapable of remedy, when no such continuation and/or notice shall 
be required) such default continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) 
Business Days after the earlier of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative becoming aware of such default and receipt by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of written notice from the Issuer 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iv) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative becomes subject to any 
bankruptcy (faillissement / faillite), judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke 
reorganisatie / réorganisation judiciaire), as applicable, or other insolvency 
procedure under applicable laws; or 
(v) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is unable to perform its 
material obligations under the Conditions or the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders Representative Agreement for a period of twenty (20) Business Days 
by circumstances beyond its reasonable control or force majeure; 
(b) provided that:  
(i) in the same Programme Resolution a substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative is appointed; and 
(ii) such substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative meets all 
legal requirements to act as Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
and accepts to be bound by the terms of the Conditions, the Meeting Rules 
and the Programme Documents in the same way as its predecessor. 
3.2.2. Procedure  
(a) Termination  
Upon the Programme Resolution as provided for by Clause 3.2.1 (Conditions for 
Removal) the Issuer shall provide notice in writing to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative of the termination of the powers delegated to it under the

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and the Programme 
Documents. 
The termination of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement (1) 
shall take effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) specified in the 
notice and (2) shall also terminate the appointment and power of attorney by the Other 
Cover Pool Creditors. 
(b) Substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
The appointment of the substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in 
accordance with the Programme Resolution referred to in Clause 3.2.2(a) above shall 
become automatically effective upon the termination of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative becoming effective and at such time all rights and powers 
granted to the then acting Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall 
terminate and shall automatically be vested in the substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative. All references to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in the Programme Documents shall where and when appropriate be read 
as references to the substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as 
selected and upon vesting of rights and powers pursuant this Clause. 
3.3. Appointment of the Management Board of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s articles of association, the 
management board (bestuur) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall initially 
consist of one (1) member, being Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V.. 
Except as set forth in Clause 3.4 below, any other board member to the management board will 
be appointed by the management board or, if there are no more board members in office, one or 
more board members can be appointed by a Programme Resolution. 
3.4. Resignation and Removal of the Management Board of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s articles of association, 
membership of the management board shall end in the following cases: 
(a) by written resignation; 
(b) in case of a natural person, by death; 
(c) by bankruptcy, moratorium or if and when a debt application natural persons (schuldsanering 
natuurlijke personen) becomes applicable on a board member; 
(d) by placement under guardianship (ondercuratelestelling), as well as by a court order whereby 
as a result of his physical or mental condition an administrator is appointed over one or more 
of the goods of the board member concerned; 
(e) by dismissal ordered by the Court; 
(f) if the board consists of more than two members, by dismissal by board resolution adopted 
unanimously by all board members in position, the person involved excluded;

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
(g) by dismissal by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Meeting; 
(h) in case of a legal person, by dissolution. 
4. POWERS 
4.1. Powers 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, acting in its own name and on behalf of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders shall have the powers and authorities set forth in the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the 
Conditions and in any of the Programme Documents to which it is a party and such powers 
incidental thereto, which it will exercise in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, the Conditions and the Programme Documents. In particular, but without limitation, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, acting in its own name and on behalf of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders shall have the power: 
(a) to represent the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders as provided for in Article 14 of Annex III to 
the Banking Law; 
(b) to exercise all other powers and rights and perform all duties given to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative under the Conditions including the Meeting Rules, the 
Programme Documents and the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(c) upon service of a Notice of Default, to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the performance 
of the Programme Documents and the Conditions on behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it; 
(d) to collect all proceeds in the course of enforcing the rights of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it; 
(e) to apply or to direct the application of the proceeds of enforcement in accordance with the 
Conditions; and 
(f) generally, to do all things necessary in connection with the performance of such powers and 
duties. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may act in court and represent the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders or Other Cover Pool Creditors (provided such Other Cover Pool Creditors 
previously agreed with the representation in accordance with the provisions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement) in any bankruptcy or similar insolvency 
proceedings, without having to reveal the identity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or Other 
Cover Pool Creditors it represents. 
4.2. Delegation  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may delegate the performance of any of the 
powers listed in this Clause 4 (Powers) to any persons (including any legal entity) whom it may 
designate. 
Notwithstanding any sub-contracting or delegation of the performance of its obligations 
hereunder or under the Programme Documents or under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
Representative Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not thereby

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
be released or discharged from any liability hereunder and shall remain responsible for the 
performance of the obligations of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and shall 
be jointly and severally liable for the performance or non-performance or the manner of 
performance of any sub-contractor, agent or delegate and such sub-contracting or delegation shall 
not affect the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s obligations hereunder, under the 
Programme Documents to which it is a party or under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
Representative Agreement. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, prior to 
such appointment, give notice to the Issuer of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, 
extension and termination of such appointment. 
4.3. Representation of Other Cover Pool Creditors 
4.3.1. Representation of Other Cover Pool Creditors 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may also be appointed to represent 
Other Cover Pool Creditors provided that such Other Cover Pool Creditors agree with 
such representation. 
In relation to any duties, obligations and responsibilities of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative to these Other Cover Pool Creditors in its capacity as agent of 
these Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
and these Other Cover Pool Creditors will agree and the Issuer will concur, that the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall discharge these duties, obligations 
and responsibilities by performing and observing its duties, obligations and 
responsibilities as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance 
with the provisions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the 
Programme Documents and the Conditions including these Meeting Rules. 
4.3.2. Conflicts between Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and Other Cover Pool Creditors 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, as regards the powers, 
authorities and discretions vested in it, except where expressly provided otherwise, have 
regard to the interests of both the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series and the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative but if, in the opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative, there is a conflict between the interests the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative will have regard solely to the interest of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders, but, for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the applicable 
priority of payments. 
5. INSTRUCTIONS AND INDEMNITY  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be bound to take any action under its 
powers or duties unless: 
(a) it shall have been directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with the Meeting Rules or, in relation to the service of a 
Notice of Default pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Events of Default), it shall have been (x) 
requested to do so by a request in writing by the holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then 
outstanding (but excluding the Mortgage Pandbrieven held by the Issuer for the calculation 
of the percentage) or (y) so directed by a Programme Resolution; and

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
(b) it shall in all cases have been indemnified, prefunded or secured to its satisfaction against all 
liability, proceedings, claims and demands to which it may be or become liable and all costs, 
charges and expenses which may be incurred by it in connection therewith, save where these 
are due to its own gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
Whenever the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are or can be affected in the opinion 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative may – if indemnified, prefunded or secured to its satisfaction – take legal action on 
behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and represent the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in 
any insolvency proceeding and any other legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer or any other 
party to a Programme Document. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative can under no circumstances, including the 
situation wherein Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ instruction or approval cannot be obtained for 
whatever reason, be required to act without it being remunerated and indemnified or secured to its 
satisfaction. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall be indemnified by the Issuer and held 
harmless, in respect of any and all liabilities and expenses incurred by it or by anyone appointed 
by it or to whom any of its functions may be delegated by it in carrying out its functions. 
6. REPORTING, LIABILITY, EXONERATION AND INDEMNIFICATION OF THE 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
6.1. Reporting 
If so requested in advance by the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall report to the Meeting on the performance of 
its duties under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the Meeting Rules 
and the Programme Documents (the Report) provided such request is notified by registered mail 
no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Meeting. 
The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, shall require a Report if so instructed 
by those Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who have requested that such Meeting be convened. 
6.2. Liabilities and Exoneration  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement contains provisions governing the 
responsibility (and relief from responsibility) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative and providing for its indemnification in certain circumstances, including provisions 
relieving the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative from taking enforcement proceedings 
unless indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be liable to the Issuer or any of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it in respect of 
any loss or damage which arises out of the exercise, or the attempted exercise of, or the failure to 
exercise any of its powers or any loss resulting therefrom, except that the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall be liable for such loss or damage that is caused by its gross 
negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be responsible for any loss, expense 
or liability which may be suffered as a result of any assets comprised in the Cover Assets, or any 
deeds or documents of title thereto, being uninsured or inadequately insured or being held by or to

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
the order of the Issuer or any agent or related company of the Issuer or by clearing organisations 
or their operators or by intermediaries such as banks, brokers or other similar persons. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall have no liability for any breach of or 
default under its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement 
if and to the extent that such breach is caused by any failure on the part of the Issuer or any of the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors (other than the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative) to 
duly perform any of their material obligations under any of the Programme Documents. In the 
event that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is rendered unable to duly perform 
its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement by any 
circumstances beyond its control (overmacht/force majeure), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall not be liable for any failure to carry out its obligations under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement which are thus affected by the event in question 
and, for so long as such circumstances continue, its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders Representative Agreement which are thus affected will be suspended without liability for 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be responsible for monitoring the 
compliance by any of the other parties (including the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor) with their 
obligations under the Programme Documents. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
may, until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, assume the Issuer and the 
Cover Pool Monitor are observing and performing all their obligations under any of the Programme 
Documents and in any notices or acknowledgements delivered in connection with any such 
Programme Documents. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be responsible for ensuring that the 
Issuer complies with the obligations applicable to it under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations 
or that any asset is duly registered in the Cover Register and the Cover Register is duly maintained. 
Except if such meeting is convened by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative or the 
passing of a Written Resolution has been organised by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be liable for acting 
upon (i) any resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting 
in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or (ii) a direction of the requisite percentage 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. This limitation of liability will apply, even though subsequent 
to its acting it may be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the meeting or passing 
of the Written Resolution or the giving of such direction or that for any reason the resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any meeting or the giving of the 
direction was not valid or binding upon such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, except if and to the 
extent any defect has arisen directly from the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s 
gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
6.3. Indemnity  
If the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has acted upon a resolution, Written 
Resolution or direction as referred to in 6.2 above, each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder shall 
forthwith on demand indemnify the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative for its pro rata 
share in any liability, loss or expense incurred or expected to be incurred by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in any way relating to or arising out of its acting as Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in respect of that resolution, Written Resolution or direction, 
except if and to the extent that the liability or loss arises directly from the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative’s gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. The liability shall be

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
divided between the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders pro rata according to the respective Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven held by each of them respectively. 
7. MODIFICATIONS 
BY 
THE 
MORTGAGE 
PANDBRIEVEN 
HOLDERS’ 
REPRESENTATIVE 
7.1. Waivers 
7.1.1. Waivers  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may in its sole discretion, without 
the consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without prejudice to its rights in 
respect of any further or other breach, condition, event or act from time to time and at any 
time, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders will not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(a) authorise or waive, on such terms and conditions (if any) as shall seem expedient to 
it, any proposed or actual breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in 
or arising pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven or any of the Programme Documents, or 
(b) determine that any breach shall not be (subject to specified conditions or not) treated 
as such. 
Any such authorisation, waiver or determination pursuant to this clause shall be binding 
on the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and notice thereof shall be given to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and the Rating Agency. 
7.1.2. Reliance 
In determining whether or not any power, trust, authority, duty or discretion or any 
change, event or occurrence under or in relation to the Conditions or any of the 
Programme Documents will be materially prejudicial to the interests of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall be able to 
rely on, and act on any advice or opinion of or any certificate obtained from a valuer, 
accountant, banker, broker, securities company or other company other than the Rating 
Agency whether obtained by itself or the Issuer and it shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by such action, save where such loss is due to its gross negligence, wilful 
misconduct or fraud. 
7.2. Amendments 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may upon the request of the Issuer on 
behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without the consent or sanction of any of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of any Series or the Other Cover Pool Creditors it represents 
at any time and from time to time, concur with the Issuer or any other person in making: 
(a) any modification (other than in respect of a Basic Term Change) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of one or more Series (including the 
Conditions) or any Programme Document provided that in the sole opinion of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative such modification is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of such Series, or

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
(b) any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Mortgage Pandbrieven of any 
one or more Series (including the Conditions) or any Programme Document which is in 
the sole opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error or to comply with applicable mandatory 
statutory provisions or would cause such terms and conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or provision of any Programme Document to better reflect or comply with 
the provisions and requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
In no event may such modification be a Basic Term Change. The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall not be bound to give notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
of any modifications to the Programme Documents agreed pursuant to this Clause. 
The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, shall cause notice of any 
modification in this Clause 7.2 to be given to the Rating Agency and the Domiciliary Agent. 
If, in the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative's opinion it is not sufficiently 
established that the proposed amendment or variation can be approved by it in accordance 
with this Clause, it will determine in its full discretion whether to submit the proposal to a 
duly convened Meeting or to refuse the proposed amendment or variation. 
Upon the Issuer's request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, without 
the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, concur with the Issuer 
in making any modifications to the Conditions, to the Meeting Rules or to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms that the Issuer may decide in its discretion in order to comply with any 
criteria of the Rating Agency which may be published after the signing of the initial 
agreement(s) for the issuance of and subscription for the Mortgage Pandbrieven and in respect 
of which the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in writing 
that it reasonably believes such modifications are necessary to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal 
or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, provided that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, would have the effect of (i) exposing the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, to any liability against which 
it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) 
increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable in these Meeting Rules or the Conditions. 
For avoidance of doubt, such modification may include, without limitation, modifications 
which would allow any hedge counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider not to post 
collateral in circumstances where it previously would have been obliged to do so. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the Issuer's request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall, without the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders, concur with the Issuer in making any modifications to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms in relation to future issues of Mortgage Pandbrieven under the 
Programme provided that (i) the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in writing that it reasonably believes such modifications will not affect the 
then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued under the Programme and (ii) the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in writing that these modifications will not affect the rights of holders of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven already issued under the Programme, provided that the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, 
in the sole opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable,

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
would have the effect of (i) exposing the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as 
applicable, to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the 
protections, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable in the 
Meeting Rules. For avoidance of doubt, such modification may include, without limitation, 
modifications which would allow any hedge counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider 
not to post collateral in circumstances where it previously would have been obliged to do so.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
PART 3 – MEETING RULES  
8. MEETING ATTENDANCE  
8.1. General 
Subject to the provisions of this Clause 8 (Meeting Attendance) the following persons may attend 
and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and their proxies; 
(b) the chairman; and 
(c) the Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor, the 
Cover Pool Administrator, the Dealer (through their respective officers, employees, advisers, 
agents or other Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representatives) and their financial and legal 
advisers. 
8.2. Proxies 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders may be represented at a Meeting by proxies authorised by a power 
of attorney that is duly dated and signed by a Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder (a Power of 
Attorney). Proxies need not to be Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, may determine the form of the Power 
of Attorney. 
8.3. Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(a) With respect to Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, save as expressly provided otherwise 
herein, no person shall be entitled to attend or to vote at any Meeting unless he (1) is a proxy 
or (2) he produces the Voting Certificate as defined in Clause 8.3 (b).  
(b) Voting Certificate means: a voting certificate in Dutch or French (with a translation in 
English) issued by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System and 
dated in which it is stated: 
(i) that on the date thereof Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (not being 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which a Block Voting Instruction 
(as defined below in Clause 8.3.(c)) has been issued and is outstanding in respect of 
the Meeting specified in such certificate (and any such adjourned Meeting) of a 
specified Principal Amount Outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised 
Accountholder or Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its control 
and blocked by it and that no such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will cease 
to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
- the conclusion of the Meeting specified in such certification or, if applicable, any 
adjourned Meeting; and 
- the surrender of the certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or Securities 
Settlement System who issued the same; and 
(ii) that until the release of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven represented thereby 
the bearer thereof is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting and any such

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
adjourned meeting in respect of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
represented by such certificate. 
(c) Block Voting Instruction means a document in Dutch or French (with a translation in English) 
issued by the Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System and dated in which: 
(i) it is certified that Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (not being Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction 
and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified Principal Amount Outstanding were 
(to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement 
System) held to its order or under its control and blocked by it and that no such 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will cease to be so held and blocked until the 
first to occur of: 
- the conclusion of the Meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any 
such adjourned Meeting; and 
- the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer in accordance with Clause 14.3 hereof, stating that certain of 
such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven cease to be held with it or under its 
control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting 
Instruction;  
(ii) it is certified that each holder of such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven has 
instructed such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System, that the 
vote(s) attributable to the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven so held and blocked 
should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions to be put 
to such Meeting or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions are 
during the period commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which 
such Meeting or any such adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion 
or adjournment thereof neither revocable nor capable of amendment; 
(iii) the nominal amount of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven so held and blocked 
is stated, distinguishing with regard to each resolution between those in respect of 
which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto 
should be cast in favour of the resolution and those in respect of which instructions 
have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the 
resolution; and 
(iv) one or more persons named in such document (each hereinafter called a proxy) is or 
are authorised and instructed by such Recognised Accountholder or Securities 
Settlement System to cast the votes attributable to the Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in paragraph (ii) 
above as set out in such document. 
8.4. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
With respect to Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, save as expressly provided otherwise herein, 
no person shall be entitled to attend or vote at any Meeting unless:

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
(a) it appears from the register held in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian 
Company Code that the relevant person is registered as a holder of Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, or 
(b) such person is authorised and instructed, by means of a Power of Attorney to cast the votes 
attributable to a holder of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
9. CONVENING A MEETING  
9.1. Initiative 
9.1.1. Single Series 
The meeting: 
(a) may be convened by the Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool 
Administrator, as applicable, or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative; and 
(b) shall be convened by the Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool 
Administrator, as applicable, upon the request in writing signed by Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant 
Series. 
9.1.2. Multiple Series 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative can convene a meeting of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (i) the subject matter of the Meeting is relevant to 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of each of those Series and (ii) there is no conflict 
between the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of the relevant Series, in which case these 
Meeting Rules shall apply mutatis mutandis 
9.2. Time, Place and Notice 
9.2.1. Time and Place 
Every Meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative. 
9.2.2. Notice 
At least fifteen (15) calendar days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is 
given and the day on which the Meeting is held) specifying the day, time and place of the 
Meeting shall be given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in the manner provided by 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
Such notice shall include the agenda of the Meeting. The agenda shall state the nature of 
the business to be transacted at the Meeting thereby convened and specify the terms of 
any resolution to be proposed. Such notice shall include a statement to the effect that 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven must be held with or under the control of and 
blocked by (i) a Recognised Accountholder (as defined below) (ii) as the case may be, 
the Securities Settlement System for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
appointing proxies until three (3) Business Days before the time fixed for the Meeting but 
not thereafter. 
10. CHAIRMAN  
10.1. Appointment 
The Issuer may appoint a chairman (who may, but need not be, a Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder). 
Failing such choice the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may appoint a chairman 
in writing, but if no such appointment is made or if the person appointed is not present within 
fifteen (15) minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, the Meeting shall be chaired by the 
person elected by the majority of the voters present, failing which, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall appoint a chairman. 
10.2. Adjourned Meeting 
The chairman of an adjourned Meeting held in accordance with the provisions in Clause 12 
(Adjourned Meeting) needs not to be the same person as was chairman at the original Meeting. 
11. QUORUM  
11.1. General provisions 
For the avoidance of doubt, any modification (regardless of whether such modification is a Basic 
Term Change or not), shall require the consent of the Issuer, except that no such consent shall be 
required in relation to a Programme Resolution. 
11.2. Ordinary Resolutions and Extraordinary Resolutions (other than a Basic Term Change) 
The quorum at any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass an Ordinary Resolution or an 
Extraordinary Resolution concerning matters referred to under Clauses 13.2(a) to 13.2(e), will be 
one or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Series Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant Series, or, at an adjourned 
meeting in accordance with the provisions of Clause 12 (Adjourned Meeting), one or more 
persons being or representing Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding, whatever the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven so held or represented. 
11.3. Basic Term Change 
At any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass an Extraordinary Resolution concerning a Basic 
Term Change, the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two 
thirds of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of 
such Series or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing not less than 
one third of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of 
such Series for the time being outstanding. 
11.4. Programme Resolutions 
The quorum at any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass a Programme Resolution concerning 
matters referred to under Clauses 13.3(a) to 13.3(d), will be one or more persons holding or 
representing at least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single Series, or, at an adjourned meeting in 
accordance with the provisions of Clause 12 (Adjourned Meeting), one or more persons being or

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
representing Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders for the time being outstanding, whatever the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven so held or represented. 
At any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass a Programme Resolution concerning matters 
referred to under Clause 13.3(e), the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single Series, including at an adjourned meeting. 
11.5. Non-quorate meeting  
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a Meeting unless a quorum as 
required by this Clause 11 (Quorum) is present at the commencement of the Meeting. 
If a quorum is not present within fifteen (15) minutes from the time initially fixed for the Meeting, 
it shall, if convened on the request of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, be dissolved. In any 
other case it shall be adjourned in accordance with the provisions with regard to Adjourned 
Meetings under Clause 12 (Adjourned Meeting). 
11.6. Overview 
Purpose of the meeting 
Required proportion for an 
initial 
meeting 
to 
be 
quorate 
Required proportion for an 
adjourned meeting to be 
quorate 
To pass any Ordinary 
Resolution 
50% 
No minimum proportion 
To pass any 
Extraordinary 
Resolution concerning 
matters referred to 
under Clauses 13.2(a) 
to 13.2(e) 
50% 
No minimum proportion 
To pass any 
Extraordinary 
Resolution concerning 
matters referred to 
under Clauses 13.2(f) to 
13.2(i) 
Two thirds 
One third 
To pass any Programme 
Resolution concerning 
matters referred to under 
Clauses 13.3(a) to 13.3(d) 
50% 
No minimum proportion 
To pass any 
Programme Resolution 
concerning matters 
referred to under 
Clause 13.3(e) 
Two thirds 
Two thirds

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
12. ADJOURNING MEETING 
12.1. Convening 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) the Meeting, adjourn the same 
“from time to time and from place to place” (the Adjourned Meeting). 
The chairman may determine the time and place of the Adjourned Meeting that shall take place. 
In the event of a non-quorate Meeting (in accordance with the provisions of Clause 11.5) the 
Adjourned Meeting shall take place not less than fourteen (14) nor more than forty-two (42) 
calendar days upon the original Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
Notice of any Adjourned Meeting shall be given in the same manner as for a Meeting, and such 
notice shall state the quorum required at the Adjourned Meeting. 
12.2. Agenda 
No business shall be transacted at any Adjourned Meeting except business which could have 
been transacted at the original Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
13. POWERS OF MEETINGS 
13.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and only with the consent of the Issuer, and without 
prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power to decide 
by Ordinary Resolution on any business which is not listed under Clause 13.2 (Extraordinary 
Resolutions) or under Clause 13.3 (Programme Resolutions). 
13.2. Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and only with the consent of the Issuer, and without 
prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power by 
Extraordinary Resolution: 
(a) to approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (i) the rights 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Programme Documents or 
otherwise, and (ii) these Meeting Rules, the Conditions, any Programme Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, other than a Basic Term Change; 
(b) to discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has or may become liable pursuant or in 
relation to these Meeting Rules, the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
(c) to give any authority or approval which under these Meeting Rules or the Conditions is 
required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
(d) to authorise the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (subject to it being 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) or any other person to execute all documents 
and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations in 
respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or to waive the occurrence of an Event of Default; 
(f) to approve any reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, a 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or a modification of the date 
of payment or, where applicable, a modification of the method of calculating the date of 
payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven other 
than in accordance with the terms thereof; 
(g) to approve any alteration of the currency in which payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are to be made; 
(h) to approve any alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(i) to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for 
or the conversion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven into, or the cancellation of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in consideration of, shares, stock, Mortgage Pandbrieven, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company 
formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in 
consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, Mortgage Pandbrieven, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations. 
13.3. Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall, subject to the Conditions, and without prejudice to any powers conferred on 
other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power by Programme Resolution: 
(a) to appoint, remove or replace the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in 
accordance with Clause 3.2 (Retirement and Removal) above or a member of the 
management board in accordance with Clause 3.4 (Resignation and Removal of the 
Management Board of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative) above; 
(b) to direct the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative to service a Notice of Default; 
(c) with the consent of the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf of 
the Special Estate), to amend the Special Estate Administration Terms; 
(d) to consider the decision or proposal of the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with the 
liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
pursuant to Article 11, 6° of Annex III to the Banking Law; and 
(e) to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate 
and with the early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of 
Annex III to the Banking Law. 
14. VOTING 
14.1. General Provisions

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
14.1.1. Voting by show of hands 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show 
of hands, then by a poll subject to the provisions of Clause 14.1.2 (Voting by poll). 
14.1.2. Voting by poll 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show 
of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as 
applicable, one or more persons holding Voting Certificates in respect of the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven or proxies holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 2 per cent. of the relevant Series of the aggregate Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, a declaration by the 
chairman that a resolution has passed or not passed, shall be conclusive evidence, 
without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against 
such resolution. 
If at any Meeting a poll is so demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject 
as hereinafter provided) either at once or after such an adjournment as the chairman 
directs. The result of such poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at 
which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. The demand for a 
poll shall not prevent the continuance of the Meeting for the transaction of any business 
other than the question on which the poll has been demanded. 
Any poll demanded at any Meeting on the election of a chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. 
14.1.3. Mortgage Pandbrieven held by the Issuer 
In case Mortgage Pandbrieven are held by the Issuer, the Issuer shall have the voting 
rights with respect to such Mortgage Pandbrieven as if it were any other Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holder. 
14.1.4. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The formalities and procedures to validly cast a vote at a Meeting in respect of 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be such formalities and procedures as described 
by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
14.1.5. Equality of votes 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall have a casting vote in addition to any 
other votes which he may have. 
14.2. Majority 
14.2.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
An Ordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a simple majority of at least 50% of 
the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven for which votes have been cast plus one vote. 
14.2.2. Extraordinary Resolutions

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a voting majority of at least two 
thirds of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven for which votes have been cast. 
14.2.3. Programme Resolutions 
A Programme Resolution shall be validly passed by a simple majority of at least 50% 
of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for 
which votes have been cast plus one vote. 
14.3. Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions regarding Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of a Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of the Block Voting Instruction or of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder's instructions pursuant to which it was executed, provided that no 
confirmation in writing of such revocation or amendment shall have been received from the 
Securities Settlement System or Recognised Accountholder by the Issuer at its headquarters 
(Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium or such other address as notified to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with the Conditions) by the time being 24 hours before the 
commencement of the Meeting or Adjourned Meeting at which the Block Voting Instruction is 
intended to be used. 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions will only be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or Securities 
Settlement System) held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised 
Accountholder or Securities Settlement System not less than three (3) Business Days before the 
time for which the Meeting or the poll to which the same relate has been convened or called and 
shall be valid for so long as the relevant Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven continue to be so 
held and blocked and during the validity thereof the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as 
the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes 
in connection with the relevant Meeting, be deemed to be the holder of the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates and 
the Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System with which such Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven have been deposited or to whose order or under whose control they are 
held or the person holding them blocked as aforesaid shall be deemed for such purpose not to be 
the holder of those Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Each Voting Certificate and each Block Voting Instruction shall be deposited at the statutory seat 
of the Issuer not less than three Business Days before the time appointed for holding the meeting 
or adjourned meeting at which the holder of the Voting Certificate or the proxies named in the 
Block Voting Instruction propose to vote and in default of such deposit the Voting Certificate or 
Block Voting Instruction shall not be treated as valid unless the chairman of the general meeting 
decides otherwise before such Meeting or Adjourned Meeting proceeds to business. 
15. MINUTES 
15.1. General 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every Meeting shall be made and duly entered in 
books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and signed by the chairman 
and any such minutes as aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein contained, 
and until the contrary is proved each such meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
have been made and signed as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted thereat to have been duly passed or 
transacted. 
15.2. Attachments 
An attendance list will be attached to the minutes. 
15.3. Certified Copies 
Certified copies or extracts of the minutes shall be signed by two directors of the Issuer. 
16. BINDING RESOLUTIONS 
16.1. Ordinary or Extraordinary Resolutions 
Any Ordinary or Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules shall be binding on all the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
of the relevant Series, whether or not they are present at the Meeting and whether or not they vote 
in favour of such resolution. 
16.2. Programme Resolutions 
Any Programme Resolution passed at a Meeting of all Series duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules shall be binding on all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of 
all Series, whether or not they are present at the Meeting and whether or not they vote in favour 
of such resolution. 
16.3. Notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
Save as the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may otherwise agree, the Issuer or 
the Cover Pool Administrator (as the case may be) shall give notice of the passing of a Resolution 
to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), within fourteen 
(14) calendar days of the conclusion of the meeting, but failure to do so shall not invalidate the 
Resolution. 
17. WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS 
17.1. Format 
Written resolutions may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
17.2. Thresholds 
17.2.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
A written resolution signed by the holders of 50 per cent. of the Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding shall take 
effect as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
17.2.2. Extraordinary Resolutions

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of 75 per cent. of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
outstanding shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
17.2.3. Programme Resolutions 
Except in relation to a Programme Resolution to direct the Cover Pool Administrator 
to proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law, 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of 50 per cent. of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then 
outstanding shall take effect as a Programme Resolution. 
A resolution in writing to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with the 
liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law signed by or 
on behalf of holders of 75 per cent. of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a Programme 
Resolution. 
18. OTHER REGULATIONS  
Subject to the provisions contained in these Meeting Rules and with the consent of the Issuer, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may determine, in its sole discretion, further 
regulations regarding the holding of Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and attendance and 
voting as the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may determine in its sole discretion.

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
SECTION 13 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendment, will be 
completed for each Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme pursuant to the 
Base Prospectus. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but 
provides directions for completing the Final Terms. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Mortgage Pandbrieven ] 
Issued under the EUR 20,000,000,000 
Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on 
the basis that any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in any other circumstances. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s (i.e. each person 
deemed a manufacturer for purposes of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, hereafter referred to 
as a Manufacturer) product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (a distributor) should take into consideration the Manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by either adopting or refining the 
Manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(EEA) or in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive 
or IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM - The Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, may not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in 
Belgium. 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation), as amended from time to time. This document constitutes the final terms 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus] is available for viewing at the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-pandbrief-programme) 
and 
copies may be attained from BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium. 
Other 
information 
contained 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/nl/investeerders/coveredbonds/residential-mortgage-pandbrief-
programme) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FSMA, unless stated otherwise in this Base Prospectus. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]]. This document constitutes the final terms of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as amended, 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Terms and Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date] and [current date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[date]]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] is available for viewing 
at the Issuer’s website (https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-
pandbrief-programme) and copies may be attained from BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Montagne du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. Other information contained on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/nl/investeerders/coveredbonds/residential-mortgage-pandbrief-
programme) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FSMA, unless stated otherwise in this Base Prospectus. 
[The following alternative language applies if no prospectus is required in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
The Final Terms do not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Issuer is not offering the Mortgage Pandbrieven in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would 
require a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make 
such an offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on behalf of the Issuer in any jurisdiction. In addition, 
no application has been made (nor is it proposed that any application will be made) for listing the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven on any stock exchange. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
1 
Issuer: 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
2 
(a)     Series Number: 
[•] 
(b)     Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
become fungible). 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven: 
[•] 
(a) 
[Series: 
[•]] 
(b) 
[Tranche: 
[•]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[•]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination: 
[•] 
7 
(a)    Issue Date: 
[•] 
(b)     Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] 
8 
(a) 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating Rate 
- Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year]

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for 
Maturity Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention/  
Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[•] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
         (b)   Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable][Fixed rate – specify 
date/Floating rate – Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year, in each case falling no 
more than one year after the Maturity 
Date]] 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for 
Maturity Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ 
Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[•] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
(iii) 
Extension Trigger Event: 
• 
[Failure To Pay]  
[AND/OR]  
• 
[Liquidation Or Resolution] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
 
(a) 
Period to (but excluding) Maturity 
Date: 
[[•]% Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
(b) 
Period from Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) Extended Maturity Date: 
[[•]% Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]/[Specify others] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable. The Interest Basis changes 
from fixed to floating from and 
including [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
12 
(a) 
Status of the Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
Belgische pandbrieven/ lettres de gage 
belges

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
(b) 
Date [board (or similar)] approval 
for 
issuance 
of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven obtained: 
[•] 
(N.B Only relevant where board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular 
tranche 
of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) 
13 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed 
Rate 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][to 
and 
including [•]] 
(a) 
To Maturity Date:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (a) and (b) are not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(c) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[•]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [•]% per annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
(d) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to 
and including the [●] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] [[month] [and [●] [month]] in each 
year] / [in each month] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment]

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
(e) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Period End Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Following Business 
Day Convention /Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[•] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]/[Interest Payment Dates 
will correspond to Interest Period End 
Dates] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] [[month] [and [●] [month]] in each 
year] / [in each month] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment] 
(g) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[•] per [100,000] of Principal Amount 
Outstanding 
[Not Applicable] [•] per [100,000] of 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
 
(h) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[•] 
[Not Applicable] [•] per Calculation 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [•] 
(i) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Payment Dates:

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Following Business 
Day Convention] 
(j) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (please specify 
other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition) 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[[Actual/Actual] 
or 
[Actual/Actual] 
(ISDA)] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
[[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis]] 
 
[30E/360] (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date:  
[Not Applicable] (Specify one of the 
options listed below) 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[[Actual/Actual] 
or 
[Actual/Actual] 
(ISDA)] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis]

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
[[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis]] 
 
[30E/360] (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
 
(see Condition 4.1 for alternatives) 
(l) 
Determination Date: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[•] in each year 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 [●] [[month] [and [●] [month]] in each 
year] / [in each month] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment]  
[Insert regular Interest Period End 
Dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon] 
 
(This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular Interest Period End Dates 
which are not of equal durations) 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(m)   Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
[●] 
15 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [from and including 
[•]] 
(a) 
To Maturity Date:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (a) and (b) are not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
(c) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to 
and including the [●] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each [month/year] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment] (NB: This will need to be 
amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
(d) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Period End Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date] 
[Interest Payment Dates will correspond 
to Interest Period End Dates] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each [month/year] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment]

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
(f) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (please specify 
other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition) 
(h) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination / ISDA Determination] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and 
Interest 
Amount: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(Give name and address) 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] (Give name and 
address) 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
To Maturity Date:

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•]/[Specify Others] 
 
(Insert Euribor) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] [the second day on which the T2 
System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate: 
[•]/[Specify others] 
 
(Insert relevant Euribor) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] (the second day on which the T2 
System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period) 
 
N.B. Specify the Interest Determination 
Date(s) up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date, if applicable 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(k) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][•]% per annum 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [+/-][•]% per annum 
(m) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [•]% per annum 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [•]% per annum 
(n) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [•]% per annum 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [•]% per annum 
(With respect to any Interest Period, 
insert (i) Minimum Rate of Interest to 
floor the Rate of Interest; (ii) Maximum 
Rate of Interest to cap the Rate of 
Interest and (iii) Minimum Rate of 
Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest to 
collar the Rate of Interest) 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
[[Actual/ Actual] or [Actual/Actual]] 
(ISDA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis]

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date:  
[Not Applicable] (Specify one of the 
options listed below) 
 
[[Actual/ Actual] or [Actual/Actual] 
(ISDA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
 
(See Condition 4.2(b) for alternatives) 
16 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][up to and 
including the Maturity Date] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•]% per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention[specify 
other]] 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payments: 
Conditions [•] and [•] apply/specify 
other] 
 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION 
OF 
THE 
MORTGAGE 
PANDBRIEVEN

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
17 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
Principal Amount Outstanding/specify 
other/[•] per Calculation Amount 
18 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
19 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 100,000 
of Principal Amount Outstanding payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons, 
illegality or on event of default or other 
early redemption: 
[[•]/Condition 6.4 applies] 
20 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN  
21 
Form of Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
[Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
/ Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven ]  
22 
Additional Business Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to [Interest 
Payment Days]: 
[Not Applicable/give details].  
[Mortgage Pandbrief that this item 
relates to and the date and place of 
payment]  
(Do not specify interest period end 
dates, to which item [15(j)] relates here) 
23 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Redenomination [not] applicable] 
(If redenomination is applicable, specify 
the terms of the redenomination in an 
annex to the Final Terms) 
24 
[Consolidation provisions:] 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in 
Condition 18 (Further Issues)] apply] 
25 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (When 
adding 
any 
other 
final 
terms 
consideration should be given as to 
whether 
such 
terms 
constitute 
“significant 
new 
factors” 
and 
consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.) 
DISTRIBUTION 
26 
(a)    If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses 
and underwriting commitments] 
[Can be BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or 
(ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas 
Group.] 
(b)    Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
(c)    Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
27 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
28 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[The C Rules are applicable / The C 
Rules are not applicable] 
29 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels][specify relevant market]] of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
described herein pursuant to the EUR 20,000,000,000 Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 
of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with this issue, [insert name of Stabilising Manager(s)] (the Stabilising Manager(s)) 
(or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager(s)) to do this. Such stabilising, if commenced, 
may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Such stabilising 
shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from [(specify source)].] The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the [specify relevant regulated 
market (for example Euronext Brussels, the Bourse de 
Luxembourg, the London Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market or the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange) and if relevant, admission to an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the U.K. Listing 
Authority)]/[specify relevant other market] with effect 
from [•].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Mortgage Pandbrieven to 
be admitted to trading on the [specify relevant regulated 
market (for example Euronext Brussels, the Bourse de 
Luxembourg, the London Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market or the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange) and if relevant, admission to an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the U.K. Listing Authority)] 
[specify relevant other market] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(b) 
Listing: 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Mortgage Pandbrieven are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. RATINGS 
 
Ratings 
of 
the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven: 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued have been rated:  
 
[S&P] 
 
[Moody’s]  
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Mortgage Pandbrieven of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
Ratings of the Issuer: 
The following senior debt ratings have been assigned to 
the Issuer with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating 
process:

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
[S&P] 
[Moody’s] 
[[Other]:[•]] 
These credit ratings relate to the Issuer’s financial 
obligations generally, and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Mortgage Pandbrieven or any 
Series or Tranche thereof. 
 
[•/•] [is/are] established in the European Union and 
[is/are] registered for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation), as amended. As such 
[•/•] [is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation. 
 
[Other] is established in the European Union and [has 
made an application to be (but as at the date hereof is 
not)]/[is] registered for the purposes of Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies 
(the CRA Regulation), as amended. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
3. [HEDGING AGREEMENT 
 
Hedging Agreement Provider: 
[•] 
Nature of Hedging Agreement: 
[•]] 
4. [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven has an interest material to the offer."] 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
Estimated net amount: 
[•] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
6. YIELD (Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
[The yield is calculated on the basis of the Issue Price, the 
Rate of Interest applicable from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date until and excluding the Maturity 
Date, and the Final Redemption Amount. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
7. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(insert here any other relevant 
codes such as CINS codes): 
[•] 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than the Securities Settlement 
System, 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Germany, SIX 
SIS, 
Switzerland, 
Euronext 
Securities 
Milan, 
Italy, 
Euronext 
Securities 
Porto, 
Portugal and any other NBB 
investor 
(I)CSDs 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Registrar (if different than 
Issuer): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[•]

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
other than the Issuer): 
[•]/Not Applicable 
Name and address of the 
Calculation Agent (if any): 
[•] 
Names and addresses of the 
Domiciliary Agent (if any): 
[•] 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] [Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
Benchmark: 
[Not applicable]/ [[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmark Regulation.]

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
SECTION 14 – USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, in relation to Mortgage Pandbrieven that 
are acquired by the Issuer itself, the refinancing of the acquisition of such Mortgage Pandbrieven 
and/or the underlying Residential Mortgage Loans). If in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
SECTION 15 – OVERVIEW OF BELGIAN HOUSING AND MORTGAGE MARKET 
SOUND FUNDAMENTALS 
Home-ownership in Belgium is stable at around 70%, with the majority of the owners carrying at 
least some outstanding mortgage debt (Graph 1). As such Belgium compares favourably to most 
neighbouring countries. Its homeownership rate is higher than that of France, Germany and the 
Netherlands. Belgium has a higher share of houses owned without outstanding housing debt than 
the Netherlands.  
 
This following report provides an overview of the Belgian housing market. First, the general 
macroeconomic situation in the country is discussed, highlighting GDP growth and consumer 
sentiment. A second part covers the prevailing forces of supply and demand on the housing market. 
Then follows an overview of the Belgian mortgage market. The last part covers the stability of 
housing prices in Belgium. We pay especially attention to the outlook for the next couple of quarters 
as both transaction-volume and price-growth are clearly shifting gears. 
1. 
GENERAL MACRO ECONOMICS 
1.1. GDP growth: stable, but slower 
The Belgian economy was expected to remain on an upward trajectory for the next couple of years, 
up until the start of the Coronavirus crisis. In fact, since the start of 2022, the Belgian economy’s 
growthpace has exceeded that of most of its European peers. With these countries now catching up, 
our Belgian outlook for 2024-2025 is pretty much on trend, with a growth rate of 1.3% for both 
years. 
 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
Graph 1: Homeownership (% of households, 2023)
Owner
Owner, with mortgage or loan
Source: Eurostat

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
1.2. Stable and low unemployment 
The unemployment rate, the number of jobseekers as a part of the total active population, was well 
below the European average (Graph 3). It remained stable throughout the first months of the health 
crisis. This was largely a consequence of the expanded temporary unemployment scheme, which 
allowed companies to keep employers on their payroll, while the government subsidised part of 
their wages. Since then, the labour market remained in good health, with persistent employment 
growth since the start of the pandemic. Lately, the first signs of a slowdown are appearing, with for 
example the Federgon index of temporary employment trending downwards. A soft landing looks 
however by far the most likely scenario. 
1.3. Consumer confidence recovering from double dip 
Consumer confidence had recovered after a couple of difficult years (Graph 4), but the Coronavirus 
crisis put an end to this trend. Confidence-levels have since then nosedived twice: first at the start 
of the first lockdown and then again, after having recovered gradually, when the Russian invasion 
commenced. A perceived shortage of supply and rising energy-prices pushed confidence down 
again at the end of last year, but since then it has improved steadily. The recent dip is mostly caused 
by increased fear of unemployment as the labour market inevitably cools off somewhat. 
 
1.4. Inflation: past the peak 
Historically, Belgian headline inflation was mostly in excess of the ECB policy target of 2% (Graph 
5). Inflation peaked at the start of Q4 2022. Meanwhile core inflation (excluding energy and food

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
prices) has started to trend down. We still expect inflation close to 4% for this year. Farther out, our 
main scenario is now  “above but close to 2%” in the subsequent years (Graph 6).  
 
2. 
OVERVIEW OF THE HOUSING MARKET 
2.1. Number of transactions: slowdown ahead 
Activity has been experiencing steady growth,  as number of sales transactions show, for all types 
of homes (Graph 7). The surge in transactions at the end of 2014, following the end of various 
purchase-promoting government schemes, gave way to a normalisation to trend. A similar dynamic 
could be observed at the end of 2019, when the Flemish government ended a specific measure to 
support first-time home-ownership. The resulting surge in transactions, effectively pulled some 
transactions forward in time, resulting in lower activity levels in the first quarter of this year. The 
NBB reported that last year the number of transactions dropped by 18%, with increased interest 
rates a key driver. 
2.2. Little appetite for real estate spending 
After a couple of strong years, appetite for major household purchase cooled down during the first 
half of 2020 (Graph 8). After a swift recovery, the current appetite for large purchases hit an all-
time-low at the end of 2022 but has been recovering gradually ever since. 
 
 
3. 
OVERVIEW OF THE MORTGAGE MARKET 
3.1. Interest rates rising

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
Interest rates were declining steadily since the start of the financial crisis of 2008. They came down 
almost 2.5%-points over the last 10 years (Graph 9). Meanwhile, for March 2024 the NBB reports 
interest rates on new mortgages of on average 3.23% for maturities of at least 10 years, down from 
the December 2023 peak of 3.6%. 
3.2. Savings rate normalising 
The savings rate was spiked in the 2nd quarter of 2020, just as it did in the neighbouring countries. 
(Graph 10). It has normalised somewhat in the mean time, barring a temporary pickup, spurred on 
by wage-indexations and higher interest rates. 
 
3.3. Household debt in excess over EA-average 
Household debt as % of GDP has exceeded the average of the Eurozone since 2016. Also in terms 
of income, Belgian households are more indebted then the Eurozone-average. In its latest Financial 
Stability Report, the NBB points out that “…The share of loans with a loan to value ratio (LTV) of 
more than 90 % dropped from 37 % in 2018 to 14 % in the last few years … All in all, the risks 
associated with new mortgage loans are thus much lower today than in the past.” 
 
The Issuer confirms that the information above has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware, and is able to ascertain from the information publish by the NBB , no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  The information

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
contained on the website of the NBB (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
 
 
4. 
PRICES 
4.1. Prices have been rising… 
 
 
The 2008 financial crisis had a temporary and only mild impact on average house prices in Belgium. 
When compared to the Euro area, it is fair to say that the sector held up quite well. (Graph 12 & 
13). Both price-to-income and price-to-rent ratios were stable in the periode 2010-2020, similar to 
those of France (Graph 14 & 15).  Prices started rising faster in the second half of 2020, but less so 
in Belgium than in the neighbouring countries. And more importantly, they remain at least anchored 
to the underlying fundamentals.  
 
4.2. …and kept rising

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
Rising interest rates and ever higher housing prices are weighing down house-affordability. 
Monthly housing costs have increased as a result. The National Bank estimates that the current level 
is an all-time high, tied with the peak in the ‘80s. 
Our own outlook since the start of the ECB-hike-cycle had been quite cautious. Now, near the end 
of said cycle, dust is settling. Transaction volumes have declined markedly, and mortgage 
production even more so. These look currently to be bottoming out and are expected to gradually 
pickup over the next couple of quarters, if the current consensus downward rate-trajectory indeed 
materialises. 
Not so for prices. Despite some initial volatility in the wake of the twin covid-energy price-shock, 
quarterly price growth more or less adhered to the long term growth rate of close to 1% price growth 
per quarter. Our base case is that this trend continues over the next couple of years. 
 
1
1,05
1,1
1,15
1,2
1,25
1,3
01-01-19
01-01-20
01-01-21
01-01-22
01-01-23
Houses (pure price, rebased @ Q1 2019)
Graph 16: Housing prices: since ECB started hiking, barely below 
trend growth (+1% QoQ)
Actuals
Trend (+1%)

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
 
SECTION 16 – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
General 
BNPPF is a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) 
under Belgian law. 
BNPPF is registered in the Register of Legal Entities of Brussels under the number 
0403.199.702. 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
with 
regards 
to 
BNPPF 
is: 
KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. 
BNPPF was incorporated in Belgium on 5 December 1934. BNPPF has been established for an 
indefinite period. 
In Belgium, BNPPF is subject to supervision by the ECB, the prudential authority of the NBB 
and the market authority of the Belgian FSMA. 
As stated in article 3 of its Articles of Association, BNPPF's purpose is to undertake all and any 
business consistent with its status as a credit institution. It may also carry out any other 
operations or transactions that are directly or indirectly connected with its objects or conducive 
to their attainment. BNPPF may hold interests in partnerships and companies within the limits 
of the law relating to credit institutions. 
BNPPF's registered office is located at rue Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium where 
its headquarters are based (Tel: +32 2 433 4202 (in French) and +32 2 433 4202 (in Dutch)).  
The websites of BNPPF are: www.bnpparibasfortis.be and www.bnpparibasfortis.com. The 
information on this website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except for information 
that is incorporated by reference in accordance with Section 5 of this Base Prospectus. 
The BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, the BNPPF 2022 Annual Report, the BNPPF 2023 Pillar 3 
Disclosure 
and 
the 
BNPPF 
2022 
Pillar 
3 
Disclosure 
are 
available 
on 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/financial-reports. The information on this website 
does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except for information that is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Section 5 of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Organisational structure 
Simplified legal structure chart:

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
 
BNPP has a stake of 99.94 per cent. in BNPPF. The remaining shares (0.06 per cent.) are held 
by the public. The SFPI/FPIM has a stake of 5.51 per cent. in BNPP's capital. BNPPF holds 
stakes in a range of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures (subsidiaries are those 
companies in which BNPPF holds a controlling interest), the most important of which are: 
 
Belgian State 
(SFPI/FPIM) 
5.51% 
99.94% 
25%*** 
100% 
100% 
100% 
28.37% 
50.00% + 1 SHARE 
24.07%
75% 
-  1 share 
0.06% 
25% 
+ 1 SHARE 
21.22%
BNP Paribas Bank Polska 
34% 
Luxembourg State 
1.03% 
0.04% 
11.24% 
66.67% 
64.69% 
4.96% 
15.96% 
TEB Holding**
55.0% 
50.0%* 
23.76% 
100% 
Minorities 
Minorities 
Minorities 
Minorities 
0.02% 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS, SIMPLIFIED LEGAL STRUCTURE 
* Via SPV BNP Paribas Fortis Yatirimlar Holding; ** Other 50% owned by Çolakoglu Group; *** Indirect via BGL; Direct shareholders BNPP Leasing Solutions are BGL (50%) and BNPP Group (50%)

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Country of incorporation or 
residence 
Proportion of ownership interest 
held and, if different, proportion 
of voting power held (directly and 
indirectly) 
BGL BNP Paribas S.A. 
Luxembourg 
50 % + 1 share 
Turk Ekonomi Bankası A.S. ("TEB") 
(+) 
Türkiye 
48.72% 
TEB Holdings A.S. (a joint venture 
with the Colakoglu Group which holds 
55 % of TEB's share capital) (+) 
Türkiye 
50 % 
Arval Service Lease S.A. 
France 
100 % 
AG Insurance 
Belgium 
25 % + 1 share 
BNP Paribas Bank Polska 
Poland 
24.07 % 
BNP 
Paribas 
Asset 
Management 
Holding 
France 
30.90 % (33.3% in voting interest) 
() Participation via SPV BNP Paribas Fortis Yatirimlar Holding A.S. (99.99% owned by 
BNPPF)

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
 
3. 
Business overview 
BNPPF offers a comprehensive package of financial services through its own channels and via other 
partners to private, professional and wealthy clients in the Belgian market, as well as in Luxembourg 
and Türkiye. BNPPF also provides corporations and public and financial institutions with customised 
solutions, for which it can draw on BNPP's know-how and international network. In the insurance 
sector, BNPPF works closely with the Belgian market leader AG Insurance, in which it owns a 25 per 
cent. stake. BNPPF employs around 10,350 people (full-time equivalents) in Belgium. 
BNPPF has built up a strong presence in the retail and private banking market, operating through a 
variety of distribution channels. In Belgium the company delivers universal banking and insurance 
services and solutions to its retail customers. In other countries, the product offer is tailored to specific 
customer segments. Private Banking offers integrated and international asset and liability management 
solutions to high net worth individuals in Belgium, their businesses and their advisers. 
BNPPF also offers financial services to companies and institutional clients and provides integrated 
solutions to enterprise and entrepreneur. Corporate Banking fulfils the financial needs of corporate and 
midcap enterprises, public entities and local authorities through an integrated international network of 
business centres. 
BNPPF is part of the BNP Paribas group (the "BNP Paribas Group") (of which BNPP is the parent 
company), a leading bank in Europe with an international reach. It operates in 63 countries and 
territories and  has almost 183,000 employees, including more than 145,000 in Europe. The BNP

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
Paribas Group has key positions in its three main activities: Commercial, Personal Banking & Services 
(bringing together all of the BNP Paribas Group's retail activities and specialised business lines), 
Investment & Protection Services (including specialised businesses offering a wide range of savings, 
investment and protection services) and Corporate & Institutional Banking (offering tailored financial 
solutions for corporate and institutional clients). The BNP Paribas Group helps all its clients 
(individuals, community associations, entrepreneurs, small and medium enterprises ("SMEs"), 
corporates and institutional clients) to realise their projects through solutions spanning financing, 
investment, savings and protection insurance. In Europe, the BNP Paribas Group has four domestic 
markets (Belgium, France, Italy and Luxembourg) and BNP Paribas Personal Finance is the leader in 
consumer lending. BNPP is rolling out its integrated retail-banking model in Mediterranean countries, 
in Türkiye and in Eastern Europe. In its Corporate & Institutional Banking and Investment & Protection 
Services, BNPP also enjoys top positions in Europe, a strong presence in the Americas as well as a solid 
and fast-growing business in Asia-Pacific. 
At 31 December 2023, the BNP Paribas Group had consolidated assets of EUR 2,591.5 billion 
(compared to EUR 2,666.4 billion at 31 December 2022), consolidated loans and receivables due from 
customers of EUR 859.2 billion (compared to EUR 857 billion at 31 December 2022), consolidated 
items due to customers of EUR 988.5 billion (compared to EUR 1,008 billion at 31 December 2022) 
and shareholders' equity (the BNP Paribas Group share including income for 2023) of EUR 123.7 billion 
(compared to EUR 121.8 billion at 31 December 2022). Pre-tax income for the year ended 31 December 
2023 was EUR 11.73 billion (compared to EUR 13.21 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
Net income, attributable to equity holders, for the year ended 31 December 2023 was EUR 10.98 billion 
(compared to EUR 9.85 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022).On 31 December 2023, BNP 
Paribas Fortis had consolidated assets of EUR 373.9 billion (compared to EUR 350.3 billion at 31 
December 2022), consolidated loans and receivables due from customers of EUR 254.0 billion 
(compared to EUR 244.5 billion at 31 December 2022), consolidated items due to customers of EUR 
203.3 billion (compared to EUR 212.6 billion at 31 December 2022) and shareholders’ equity (the BNP 
Paribas Fortis share including income for 2023) of EUR 25.4 billion (compared to EUR 25.3 billion at 
31 December 2022). Pre-tax income for the year ended 31 December 2023 was EUR 5,024 million 
(compared to EUR 4,809 million for the year ended 31 December 2022). Net income, attributable to 
equity holders, for the year ended 31 December 2023 was EUR 3,095 million (compared to EUR 3,136 
million for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
Principal activities 
The major changes in the consolidation scope of BNPPF during 2016-20238 were related to the 
acquisition of Arval Service Lease SA and the purchase from bpost of the remaining 50 per cent. of its 
50/50 bpost bank joint venture. Changes in the BNPPF consolidation perimeter comprised, inter alia: 
• 
On 8 December 2016 BNPPF acquired Arval Service Lease ("Arval"), the European leader in 
the automobile leasing sector, formerly a 100 per cent.-owned subsidiary of BNPP. This 
transaction concerned the contribution in kind by BNP Paribas S.A. of 100 per cent. minus five 
shares in Arval Service Lease S.A. to the share capital, the sale of five shares in Arval Service 
Lease S.A. by a number of subsidiaries of BNP Paribas S.A. to a subsidiary of BNPPF and the 
funding of most of the new business of the Arval group, from the date of closing of the 
Transaction. 
 
 
8 The period 2016-2023 is targeted to give the investors a history of the important consolidation events in terms of impact on 
balance sheet and business mix of BNPPF, starting with the significant Arval consolidation in 2016.

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
• 
The transfer of the activities, assets and liabilities of eight European CIB branches and one 
representative office of BNPPF located in Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Romania, Sweden and Spain to BNP Paribas S.A. was completed during 
the years 2017 and 2018. It also involved the transfer to BNP Paribas S.A. of the funding 
commitments of BNPPF towards the transferred businesses. 
• 
Von Essen Bank GmbH, previously fully consolidated, was sold in January 2019 to BNP 
Paribas S.A. and merged with the German Branch of BNP Paribas S.A.. Von Essen Bank GmbH 
provides retail banking services in Germany. It offers savings and investing products, financing 
services, such as consumer credit, loan rescheduling, real estate credit, mortgage loans and 
leasing for equipment. 
• 
Greenval Insurance DAC is a fleet motor insurance company registered in Ireland dedicated to 
customers of Arval. Following approval by the Irish regulatory authorities, Greenval Insurance 
DAC was sold by BNP Paribas Ireland to Arval Service Lease in December 2020. 
• 
On 3 January 2022, BNPPF purchased the residual 50 per cent. stake of its 50/50 bpost bank 
joint-venture with bpost. As a consequence, BNPPF has exclusive control of bpost bank and 
the bpost bank entity has been fully consolidated as of the first quarter of 2022. At the same 
time, bpost and BNPPF signed an exclusive, seven-year commercial agreement under which 
bpost continues to offer BNPPF services and products in its network of post offices. Since 22 
January 2024, bpost bank has been integrated within BNPPF and bpost bank customers have 
joined BNPPF. The bpost bank brand has now disappeared from high streets and post offices 
and has been replaced by the BNPPF brand and logo. 
• 
On 30 November 2022, Arval Service Lease purchased 100 per cent. of Terberg Leasing Group 
BV, a full-service vehicle leasing entity active mainly in the Netherlands and with a limited 
presence in Belgium. BNP Paribas Fortis took exclusive control of these entities and fully 
consolidated them from 1 December 2022. 
• 
The acquisition and full consolidation of Creation Financial Services and Creation Consumer 
Finance, as from 1 April 2023. Creation Financial Services and Creation Consumer Finance 
market all types of instalment loans (including personal loans, car loans, motorbike loans and 
kitchen loans), as well as payment cards with a permanent cash reserve (revolving credit) in the 
United Kingdom. 
(a) 
Commercial & Personal Banking 
BNPPF includes an important part of the Commercial, Personal Banking & Services as well as the CIB 
activities of the BNP Paribas Group in Belgium. BNPPF's Commercial & Personal Banking activities 
comprise banking services to a range of client types, including individual customers, self-employed 
people and those in the liberal professions, small and medium-sized companies, local businesses, 
corporate clients and non-profit organisations. 
Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium 
Market position 
BNPPF is the number-one bank for retail customers in Belgium in terms of market share and it has a 
strong market position among professionals and small businesses. BNPPF is also the leading private 
bank in Belgium. It ranks number one in Corporate Banking, offering a full range of financial services 
to corporate clients, public-sector entities and local authorities. With its dedicated teams, BNPPF aims

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
to fund the specific needs of its customers and make an active contribution to the development of the 
Belgian economy. 
Since 1 January 2023, BNPPF has a new commercial organisation that has been redesigned to meet 
customer expectations more effectively, comprising: 
• 
Retail Banking, with 2.9 million active customers, which serves individual customers, self-
employed people and small businesses with a multi-disciplinary team; 
• 
Affluent & Private Banking, with 0.37 million active clients, which serves individuals with 
more than EUR 85,000 of assets, along with self-employed people and firms in the liberal 
professions, through dedicated relationship managers. Private Banking services are aimed at 
individual customers with invested assets of more than EUR 250,000. Within Private Banking, 
the Wealth Management department caters to customers with invested assets of more than EUR 
5 million; 
• 
Corporate Banking, with 87,000 clients, serves businesses with more complex needs through 
dedicated relationship managers. The Enterprises business line serves small and medium-sized 
businesses while Corporate Coverage handles large corporations, public-sector entities and 
institutional clients. 
BNPPF serves its customers through various networks, as part of a hybrid banking strategy that 
combines physical branches and digital channels, comprising: 
• 
308 branches (including 132 independent branches) organised into four regions, handling 
individual customers, self-employed people and small businesses. In addition, there are 193 
Fintro branches operated under franchise, and 656 sales points in bpost branches; 
• 
31 dedicated private banking centres including one remote centre and two Wealth Management 
centres; 
• 
Specialist teams in Brussels dealing with large corporations, public-sector companies and 
institutional clients, along with a network of 14 Business Centres across Belgium for medium-
sized companies and dedicated relationship managers in the branch network for small Corporate 
Banking customers; 
• 
A digital platform comprising online banking services (Easy Banking) and the Easy Banking 
App (2.75 million active users in total, including Fintro). Easy Banking Business is the online 
banking platform for businesses and self- employed people. PaxFamilia, a secure platform 
offering customers tools for managing, monitoring and passing on their wealth, has 29,700 
active contracts. This offering is supplemented by digital bank Hello Bank!, which has more 
than 537,000 customers. These digital platforms are constantly improved through active 
collaborations with fintechs, an example being the development of a high-performance budget 
management tool with TINK; 
• 
A network of 608 ATMs (including Fintro), supplemented by 973 cash machines run by 
Batopin, a joint venture between BNPPF, KBC, ING and Belfius, each of which owns a 25 % 
stake. Batopin is installing bank-neutral CASH points across Belgium in locations with high 
customer footfall;

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
• 
BNPPF makes itself available to its customers through the Easy Banking Centre, which handles 
up to 60,000 customer calls per week. 
Key developments in 2023 
In 2023, BNPPF introduced a New Commercial Organisation, which is intended to improve the service 
BNPPF provides to its customers by offering new service models. The New Commercial Organisation 
is based around three new customer segments: Retail Banking, Affluent & Private Banking and 
Corporate Banking. In terms of the practical implications for BNPPF's customers, the new organisation 
has resulted in new service models and solution packs. 
Greater accessibility and a proactive approach 
In early 2023, BNPPF began a large-scale direct communication campaign aimed at all Retail Banking 
customers, explaining the changes in BNPPF's services and the ways in which the branch-based multi-
disciplinary teams will be able to guide and advise such customers for all of their banking and insurance 
needs. This includes making it easier to make appointments directly with experts in the areas in which 
customers – both individuals and businesses – need help. Internally, BNPPF's teams of in-branch 
advisors have gradually adopted agile principles, in order to create a more effective and flexible way of 
working. As regards the Easy Banking Centre, teams have been strengthened so that they can suggest 
solutions to BNPPF's customers. 
BNPPF is developing new digital solutions, both on the Easy Banking website, the content of which 
has been updated, and the Easy Banking App, particularly with the addition of the Easy Cashback 
loyalty programme. 
BNPPF has maintained its digital inclusion efforts by resuming in-branch digital workshops, along with 
work to prevent phishing- and fraud-related risks. BNPPF developed new content and articles on its 
public website and carried out email communication campaigns and has also developed new ways of 
communicating via Facebook and Instagram. 
In September 2023, a publicity campaign was launched for BNPPF's new Easy Guide and Easy Go 
packs, which allow individual customers to choose which accounts and cards they want, but also how 
they wish to interact with BNPPF depending on their needs: Easy Go covers simple requirements and 
allows customers to interact directly with an advisor in a post office, while Easy Guide covers more 
complex needs, allowing customers to make appointments and get support from multi-disciplinary 
teams in-branch. The aim of the campaign was to guide customers through the various options as 
effectively as possible before the new packs came into force on 1 January 2024. 
As regards to insurance and pensions, BNPPF continued its efforts to help customers insure their 
possessions, businesses, themselves and their loved ones through a more integrated cross-selling 
approach, but also by providing new digital solutions. As in 2022, BNPPF's Car Repair days allowed 
customers to have small repairs done to their cars for free by its partner AG Insurance. 
For business customers, BNPPF continued to integrate AG Insurance's solutions into its portfolio and 
carried out communication campaigns focusing on the good fit between BNPPF’s lending and insurance 
solutions, particularly in terms of helping businesses to optimise their liquidity. 
At a time when the economy and society are shifting rapidly towards greater sustainability, BNPPF's 
role in supporting that move was central to its concerns more than ever in 2023. BNPPF seeks to do this

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
not only through the specific loans it grants, but most importantly by informing and helping its 
customers. In the mobility space, for example, BNPPF held webinars and published articles involving 
experts from Arval to give businesses a better understanding of tax changes. 
As regards to real estate, BNPPF carried out several direct communication campaigns and a paid media 
campaign in three high-profile waves – in February/March, June/July and October/November, across 
radio, TV, online, social media and digital channels – and installed in-branch displays, highlighting its 
financing solutions for customers wanting to make their homes more sustainable by refurbishing and 
insulating them. Finally, BNPPF introduced a special service for co-owner associations to help them 
finance projects such as those involving structural and sustainable renovation work and energy-
efficiency upgrades. 
As a leading player in the business banking market, BNPPF’s role is to be a driving force in the local 
economy, particularly by helping young entrepreneurs set up their own businesses. 
In 2022, BNPPF started a comprehensive review of the way it attracts people starting their own 
businesses, and has stepped up those efforts in 2023. BNPPF has repackaged its offering, which now 
revolves around a Starter Kit that includes various banking, insurance, pension and payment solutions, 
but also marketing solutions and digital tools, as part of a one-stop-shop approach. In particular, BNPPF 
has revised the Starters section of its Easy Banking website and carried out communication campaigns 
aimed at promoting its ecosystem of partners and solutions. BNPPF has also made it easier for people 
to access help and support during the early stages of setting up their business through dedicated 
specialists in the Easy Banking Centre's Easy Starters Team. 
In addition, BNPPF continued its media strategy, investing in both the BNPPF and Hello bank! Brands, 
in order to promote its solutions and approaches in an integrated way among pre-starters and starters. 
This involved radio, digital and social media advertising campaigns. BNPPF emphasised the initial 
support provided by its specialists in the Easy Starters Team, while Hello bank! Highlighted its 
integrated digital solution, which allows people to start setting up their business account and request a 
company registration number and VAT number as part of a single digital flow.Affluent & Private 
Banking 
The Affluent & Private Banking segment covers BNPPF's Priority Banking, Private Banking and 
Wealth Management services, which are all based on close collaboration between clients and their 
relationship managers. BNPPF's service model includes a new approach to relationships: clients can 
entrust their private and business banking needs to a single relationship manager. 
With the introduction of BNPPF's New Commercial Organisation, Priority Banking, Private Banking 
and Wealth Management clients can have a single contact person for all of their private and business 
banking needs. This new approach was the subject of a radio, digital and social media campaign, aimed 
at establishing BNPPF's market position. 
In 2023, in highly volatile market conditions resulting from the conflicts in Ukraine and Israel/Palestine, 
BNPPF increased its efforts to provide information and insight regarding the geopolitical, economic, 
financial and social contexts, in order to strengthen ties with its clients further. To do this, BNPPF 
continued to develop and post expert content on its exclusive My Experts platform, but also via market 
flashes when market events took place. BNPPF sends its clients in-depth analysis from its economists 
once a year in the form of an Economic Outlook.

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
BNPPF’s expertise widely recognised 
The quality of the service BNPPF provides to its customers was acknowledged several times in 2023. 
In 2023, BNPPF was named "Best bank for digital services in Belgium" and "Best Investment Bank in 
Belgium" by the international finance magazine, Euromoney, "Bank of the Year in Belgium" by leading 
financial magazine, The Banker (part of the Financial Times group), "Best Private Bank in Belgium" 
by PWM/The Banker and "Best Bank in Belgium" by publisher, Global Finance. 
BGL BNP Paribas SA 
BGL BNP Paribas in Luxembourg, a fully consolidated entity of BNP Paribas Fortis in which BNPPF 
holds a 50.01% stake, offers a comprehensive range of financial products and services tailored to the 
needs of its customers in Luxembourg and is the largest employer in the Luxembourg financial sector. 
BGL BNP Paribas activities 
The BGL BNP Paribas business line provides private individuals, self-employed professionals and 
entrepreneurs with products and services ranging from daily banking needs to financing, plus also 
savings and "bancassurance" solutions and investment products. It has one of the widest ranges of retail 
banking products in Luxembourg, including private leasing. 
BGL BNP Paribas Banque Privée provides clients resident in Luxembourg or the Greater Region with 
comprehensive and customised financial and wealth management solutions. 
The Wealth Management business line targets an international client base, in particular business owners 
and families, assisting them with their specific needs through tailored asset and financial management 
solutions, in addition to a suite of high-quality services: investment advice, discretionary management, 
wealth planning and organisation, asset diversification and financing. 
Through the Corporate Banking business line, BGL BNP Paribas is a significant banking partner for 
Luxembourg’s large firms, the public sector and institutions, social organisations, real estate 
professionals and startups. The product range is structured around various specific areas, including 
Financing (classic, project, transfers and acquisitions, real estate), Trade (letters of credit, documentary 
credit), Cash Management (cash pooling, multibank cash management tools, cards programs, etc), Rate 
(exchange or interest) risk coverage and Escrow Accounts. As part of the BNP Paribas Group, BGL 
BNP Paribas also provides its corporate clients with access to the full spectrum of the BNP Paribas 
Group’s specialist business expertise and services. 
Corporate and Institutional Banking provides corporate and institutional clients with products and 
services related to the capital and financing markets in Luxembourg. 
BGL BNP Paribas Development was created in 2021 to support Luxembourg businesses by acquiring 
minority stakes in companies. Through direct investment in unlisted Luxembourg commercial, 
industrial and technology firms, BGL BNP Paribas Development aims to play a supportive role in their 
organic and external growth plans and assist them with business transfers. 
TEB 
BNPPF operates in Türkiye through Türk Ekonomi Bankasi ("TEB"), a fully consolidated entity in 
which BNPPF holds a 48.72 per cent. stake. TEB ranks 10th in the country's banking sector in terms of

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
market share in loans and deposits, and provides the full range of the BNP Paribas Group's Retail 
products and services in Türkiye. 
In Retail Banking, TEB provides debit and credit cards, mortgage loans, personal loans, plus investment 
and insurance products, which are distributed through the branch network and via internet, phone and 
mobile banking. 
Through its commercial and small business banking departments, TEB offers a full range of banking 
services to small and medium-sized enterprises and is also recognised as having strong expertise in non-
financial services. 
Corporate Banking services include international trade finance, asset and cash management, credit 
services, hedging of currency, interest and commodity risk, plus factoring and leasing. 
TEB's Retail and Private Banking division is steadily attracting greater numbers of customers through 
both its branch network and online channels, with its diversified product range, quality of service and 
the banking experience it offers. Its goal is to be the primary bank for all its customers and it is therefore 
pursuing a digital transformation strategy geared to improving its service channels and the overall 
customer experience, which is central to all its activities. TEB applies human-centric design and 
customer journey methodologies and runs advocacy programmes designed to obtain and make good use 
of customer insights. 
(b) 
Corporate Banking 
With its well-developed, diversified and integrated business model and services, the BNPPF Corporate 
Banking division is well equipped to serve a wide range of clients, including small and medium-sized 
companies, Belgian and other European corporates, financial institutions, institutional investors, public-
sector entities and local authorities. Corporate Banking ("CB") has an extensive and diversified clientele 
among large and medium-sized companies and is the market leader in these two categories. 
BNPPF's Relationship Managers are central to CB's relationship model. They can call upon a wide 
variety of experts in all kinds of banking solutions to provide bespoke services to their clients. Within 
the CB division, the Enterprises team serves small and medium-sized companies through a network of 
14 Business Centres and a presence across BNPPF's Belgian branch network. Relationships with large 
corporates, financial institutions and public-sector entities are handled by dedicated central teams based 
at BNPPF's head office in Brussels. 
CB provides a wide range of specialised solutions and services – both traditional and bespoke – and 
draws on the BNP Paribas Group's international network across more than 60 countries, enabling it to 
meet the specific financing, transaction, investment and insurance needs of its clients in Belgium and 
abroad. 
In 2023, CB continued to play a major role in providing support to the Belgian economy. BNPPF's 
Transaction Banking unit was able to provide robust assistance to clients seeking to navigate supply-
chain disruptions brought about by geopolitical events, and the Global Markets specialists helped clients 
hedge their risks with regard to interest rates, exchange rates and inflation. BNPPF's Private Equity 
teams, meanwhile, continued to invest in Belgian companies throughout the year, in line with BNPPF's 
2025 Strategy.

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
During the year, the CB division pursued its roadmap for achieving digital transformation and 
improving the efficiency of its processes. CB also enhanced its service model by accelerating the rollout 
of digital features and remote contact channels. 
BNPPF's partnerships with EMAsphere and Climact are examples of how CB adds value for its clients 
by broadening the scope of the solutions it offers them beyond the confines of traditional banking 
services. 
In 2023, BNPPF also introduced its New Commercial Organisation: as a result, businesses with a 
dedicated relationship manager have been covered by CB since January 2023. 
With its Sustainable Business Competence Centre, CB is firmly positioning itself as a Sustainable 
Corporate Bank. During the year, CB stepped up its efforts to help clients make the transition to more 
sustainable practices and business models and to invest in the transformative projects needed to address 
the challenges of climate change and biodiversity loss, with specific attention to the areas of energy 
transition, decarbonisation, biochemicals and the circular and regenerative economy. CB also enhanced 
its expertise regarding the EU Green Deal regulatory framework and in the environmental, social and 
governance ("ESG") field.. 
Market positions 
BNPPF has: 
• 
a strong leadership position in Belgium with more than 300 corporate client relations and more 
than 8,000 midcap client relations, and a challenger in public banking; and 
• 
a high penetration rate among selected European customers (such as internationally active 
SMEs). 
Arval 
Arval, a fully consolidated entity of BNP Paribas Fortis in which BNPPF holds a 100% stake, is a major 
player in long-term vehicle leasing and a specialist in mobility solutions. As a specialist business 
belonging to BNP Paribas' Commercial, Personal Banking & Services division, Arval is central to the 
BNPP Group's integrated model and its new "BNP Paribas Mobility" brand. Arval provides customised 
mobility services to business clients – from major multinationals to small and medium-sized enterprises 
– as well as to its partners, their employees and individual customers. 
At the end of 2023, Arval had almost 8,400 employees operating in the 29 countries, and approximately 
1.7 million vehicles leased to 300,000 customers (an increase of 7 per cent. compared to the end of 
2022). It also had almost 20,000 worldwide users of mobility solutions that offer an alternative to private 
cars, such as car-sharing, mobility payment cards and bicycle rental. Arval is Europe’s second-largest 
player in multi-brand long-term vehicle leasing, ranking number one in Poland, number two in France, 
Spain, Italy and Belgium, and number three in the Netherlands. It also benefits from strategic 
partnerships through the Element-Arval Global Alliance, the world leader in this sector with a total of 
more than 4.4 million vehicles in 56 countries. 
In 2023, Arval continued to provide its customers with products tailored to their needs, particularly in 
terms of supporting energy transition in their vehicle fleets. To encourage the adoption of electric 
vehicles, Arval announced its new Arval Charging Services offering, through which both businesses

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
and individual customers can lease an electric vehicle and charger together. Arval’s aim is to lease 
350,000 battery electric vehicles and 700,000 electrified vehicles in total by 2025, which will help it to 
achieve its target of cutting fleet CO2 emissions by 35 per cent. compared with 2020. At the end of 
2023 it had leased more than 166,000 battery electric vehicles, up 85 per cent. relative to 2022. 
Additional information 
BNPPF has established a EUR 10,000,000,000 covered bond (residential mortgage pandbrieven/lettres 
de gage) programme dated 22 August 2023 with BNPPF and BNPP acting as arrangers and dealers. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, BNPPF has already issued under that programme. This Base 
Prospectus will replace the base prospectus dated 22 August 2023. 
BNPPF has also established a EUR 20,000,000,000 retained covered bond (retained mortgage 
pandbrieven/lettres de gage) programme dated 22 August 2023 with BNPPF acting as arranger and 
dealer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BNPPF has not issued yet under that programme. 
Principal Markets - Segment Information 
Banking activities in Belgium 
In Belgium, BNPPF offers a comprehensive package of financial services to private individuals, the 
self-employed, members of the professions and SMEs. BNPPF also provides high net worth individuals, 
corporations and public and financial institutions with customised solutions, for which it is able to draw 
on the know-how and international network of the parent company, BNPP. 
In Retail and Affluent & Private Banking, BNPPF has a solid footprint, serving individuals, 
professionals, SMEs and private banking customers. It has a very strong presence in the local market, 
through a network of 308 BNPPF branches, 193 Fintro branches and 656 sales points in post offices, 
plus other channels such as ATMs and online banking facilities, including mobile banking. In its retail 
banking activities, BNPPF operates under three complementary brands: the main brand BNPPF, plus 
Fintro and Hello bank!, a 100% digital mobile banking service. In the insurance sector, BNPPF works 
in close cooperation with the Belgian market leader, AG Insurance. 
CB serves a wide range of clients, including small and medium-sized companies, Belgian and European 
corporates, financial institutions, institutional investors, public entities and local authorities. CB has a 
strong client base among large and medium-sized companies and is the market leader in these two 
categories, as well as a strong challenger in the public sector. 
Providing a wide range of both traditional and bespoke specialised solutions and services, and drawing 
on the international network of the BNP Paribas Group in 63 countries, CB continues to meet the precise 
financing, transaction banking, investment banking and insurance needs of its clients. 
From 1 January 2023, BNPPF has a new commercial organisation based around three customer 
segments: 
• 
Retail Banking for personal and self-employed customers, served by a multidisciplinary team; 
• 
Affluent and Private Banking for personal and self-employed customers with more than 
EUR 85,000 of assets, who each have a dedicated relationship manager; and

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
• 
Corporate Banking for business clients with a dedicated relationship manager. The Enterprises 
business line serves small and medium-sized businesses while Corporate Coverage handles 
large corporations, public-sector entities and institutional clients. 
Banking activities in Luxembourg 
BGL BNP Paribas ranks among the leading banks operating in the Luxembourg financial marketplace. 
It has made a significant contribution to the country's emergence as a major international financial 
centre and is deeply rooted in Luxembourg's economic, cultural, sporting and social life. 
As a partner with a longstanding commitment to the national economy, BGL BNP Paribas offers a wide 
range of products both for individuals and for professional and institutional clients. Ranked as the 
number one bank for corporates and the number two bank for resident individuals in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, BGL BNP Paribas is also the leader in bancassurance, providing combined offerings 
of insurance and banking services. 
Banking activities in Türkiye 
BNPPF operates in Türkiye via TEB, in which it has a 48.7 per cent. stake. Retail Banking products 
and services consist of debit and credit cards, personal loans, and investment and insurance products 
distributed through the TEB branch network and via internet and phone banking. Corporate banking 
services include international trade finance, asset and cash management, credit services, currency 
hedging, interest and commodity risk, plus factoring and leasing. Through its commercial and SME 
banking departments, the bank offers an array of banking services to small and medium-sized 
enterprises. 
Specialised businesses 
The operating segment "Other Domestic Markets" mainly comprises Arval, BNP Paribas Leasing 
Solutions and Personal Finance (AlphaCredit). 
Fully owned by BNPPF, Arval specialises in full service vehicle leasing. Arval offers its customers – 
large international corporates, SMEs and professionals – tailored solutions that optimise their 
employees' mobility and outsource the risks associated with fleet management. Expert advice and 
service quality, which are the foundations of Arval's customer promise, are delivered in 29 countries. 
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions is a European leader in leasing for corporate and small business clients. 
It specialises in rental and finance solutions, ranging from professional equipment leasing to fleet 
outsourcing. 
AlphaCredit – a wholly-owned subsidiary of BNPPF – is the leading provider of consumer credits in 
Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. AlphaCredit markets all types of instalment loans 
(personal loans, car loans, motorbike loans, kitchen loans, etc.), as well as payment cards with a 
permanent cash reserve (revolving credit). Alpha Credit offers its services to both private individuals 
and professionals. 
Other 
This segment mainly comprises BNP Paribas Asset Management, AG Insurance, BNP Paribas Bank 
Polska, Cardif Lux Vie and the foreign branches of BNPPF.

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
BNPPF 2023 Financial Results 
BNPPF's consolidated net income attributable to equity holders in 2023 amounted to EUR 3,095 
million. Compared to 2022, the reported evolution of the net income attributable to equity holders 
showed a decrease of -1.3 per cent. 
When excluding the retreated items for the scope changes, the foreign exchange and the other one-off 
results such as the noticeable impact of the change of consolidation of bpost bank in Q1 2022 (resulting 
in a badwill of EUR +245 million in non-operating income), the underlying evolution of the net income 
attributable to equity holders showed an increase of +8.7 per cent.. The below analysis focuses on the 
underlying evolution. The consolidation scope includes BNPPF in Belgium, BGL BNP Paribas in 
Luxembourg, TEB in Türkiye, specialised businesses with international activities, and other strong 
growth of revenues supported by most activities. 
At BNPPF and BGL BNP Paribas, the evolution of the revenues was driven by a strong growth of 
revenues in the Commercial & Personal Banking business with a higher net interest income supported 
by both margins and average lending volumes. The net commission income was slightly lower than in 
2022.  
The revenues of the Corporate & Institutional Banking business were lower than in 2022 (which was 
an exceptional year), mainly due to market activities servicing clients and despite a good performance 
coming from lending activities. 
The growth of the consolidated revenues was also substantially driven by the higher results at 
specialised businesses. The higher results were mainly driven by Arval with a further enlargement of 
the financed fleet by +6.9 per cent. compared to 2022, and the gradual normalisation, still at a high 
level, of the prices of second-hand vehicles. At Leasing Solutions and Personal Finance, there was also 
an expansion of the financed outstandings supporting higher revenues, which was partly offset by 
pressure on margins due to higher funding costs in a context of rising interest rates.  
Revenues also increased significantly at TEB mainly driven by a further growth of the results coming 
from market activities servicing clients in a context of high volatility in interest rates and currency 
exchange rates, higher volumes of customer loans and deposits, partly offset by lower margins. 
Cost increase to support the business development  
At BNPPF and BGL BNP Paribas, the costs increase was mainly driven by higher staff expenses, mostly 
due to the wage drift induced by inflation. The increase in the other operating expenses was contained 
due to cost-saving measures and lower contributions required by the European Single Resolution Fund 
and Deposit Guarantee Scheme, that partly offset the impact of inflation.  
The growth of the costs was also driven by specialised businesses where staff expenses and other 
operating expenses were impacted by inflation. Next to that, the overall increase was driven by the 
continuous development in, amongst other things, the digital domains and the growth of activities.  
The increase of costs at TEB was substantial in an economy that is still in hyperinflation, impacting 
mostly staff expenses, with a more limited expansion in other operating expenses due to the 
achievement of material savings.

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
Strong operational performance and positive jaws effect9 
Gross operating income stood at EUR 5,056 million, increasing by +10.6 per cent. The consolidated 
jaws effect was positive (1.0 points) and the cost income ratio improved from 52.6 per cent. in 2022 to 
52.1 per cent. in 2023. 
Structurally low cost of risk at 11bp 
At BNPPF and BGL BNP Paribas, there was an overall decrease in the cost of risk10 driven by the 
Corporate & Institutional Banking business with lower provisions on performing and non-performing 
loans due to the favourable evolution of the macroeconomic context. The cost of risk increased in the 
Commercial & Personal Banking business due to higher provisions in relation with the exposures on 
commercial real estate, compared to a historically low level in 2022. The Commercial & Personal 
Banking cost of risk on average outstanding loans of the period remained at a low level of 6 basis points 
(one point is equivalent to 0.01% or 1/100th of a percent) for both BNPPF and BGL BNP Paribas. 
The increase in the cost of risk at specialised businesses is mainly related to the growth of the financed 
outstandings. 
The cost of risk at TEB was lower than in 2022, due to lower provisions on performing loans and non-
performing loans, driven by a release of provisions previously booked in the context of the COVID 
pandemic. 
The consolidated operating income increased by +13.3 percent 
The share of earnings of equity-method entities amounted to EUR 311 million in 2023 compared to 
EUR 263 million in 2022. The increase is explained mainly by the participations held in AG Insurance 
and BNP Paribas Bank Polska, partly offset by lower results at BNP Paribas Asset Management. 
The pre-tax income increased by +13.8 per cent. compared to 2022. The difference between the 
underlying variance of +13.8 per cent. and the reported variance of +4.5 per cent. mainly comes from 
the evolution of the non-operating income that is excluded from the underlying variance. 
The corporate income taxes amounted to EUR 1,482 million in 2023, an increase of +30.7 per cent. 
In 2023, the effective tax rate stood at 31 per cent., versus 28 per cent. in 2022. 
The net income attributable to equity holders amounted to EUR 3,095 million, an increase of +8.7 
per cent. compared to 2022. 
 
 
9 Jaws compare income and operating expenses growth trends. If gross income growth exceeds expense growth, then there is 
a positive jaws effect.  
10 “Cost of risk” includes the following items of profit or loss: (i) impairment gains and losses resulting from the 
accounting of loss allowances for 12-month expected credit losses and lifetime expected credit losses (“Stage 1” 
and “Stage 2”) relating to debt instruments measured at amortised cost or at fair value through shareholders’ 
equity, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts that are not recognised at fair value as well as lease 
receivables, contract assets and trade receivables; (ii) impairment gains and losses resulting from the accounting 
of loss allowances relating to financial assets (including those at fair value through profit or loss) for which there 
is objective evidence of impairment (“Stage 3”), write-offs on irrecoverable loans and amounts recovered on loans 
written-off. It also includes expenses relating to fraud and to disputes inherent to the financing activity.

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
Balance sheet and financial structure 
The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 374 billion on 31 December 2023, an increase of EUR 
24 billion compared to 31 December 2022, of which EUR 254 billion of customer loans increasing by 
EUR 10 billion, including EUR 4 billion of scope change mainly related to the acquisition of Creation 
Financial Services and Creation Consumer Finance, two consumer finance entities in the UK, on 1 April 
2023. 
The non-consolidated Liquidity Coverage Ratio stood at 118 per cent. compared to 126 per cent. as 
of 31 December 2022. 
Strategy and objectives 
On 8 February 2022, the BNP Paribas Group presented the main areas and priorities of its strategic plan 
for 2025, called "Growth, Technology & Sustainability 2025", as well as its financial ambitions. This 
presentation is available on the investors' website https://invest.bnpparibas.com. The information on 
this website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Growth, Technology & Sustainability 2025 
The BNP Paribas Group has built an integrated and diversified model that has proven its performance 
in all environments.  
This model translates in an organisation based on three pillars, integrated to focus on the needs of clients 
and partners: Corporate & Institutional Banking; Commercial and Personal Banking and Services, 
which encompasses all the Group's Commercial and personal banking as well as specialised businesses 
such as BNP Paribas Personal Finance or Arval; and Investment and Protection Services, which brings 
together Wealth and Asset Management businesses and Insurance. 
Leveraging the strengths of its platforms and favourably positioned client franchises with the full benefit 
of its integrated and transformed operating model, the BNP Paribas Group aims to deliver profitable 
growth, while making technology and industrialisation a hallmark of its development, scaling up 
sustainable finance and social and environmental responsibility, as well as developing its employees' 
potential and engagement. 
Accordingly, and building on the strength of its model, the BNP Paribas Group aims to maintain 
disciplined organic growth while gaining market share at marginal cost, thus generating new growth 
opportunities and substantial economies of scale. 
The BNP Paribas Group thus reaffirms the importance and relevance of the pillars that have structured 
its development and its value creation model, with the objective of ensuring that growth in revenues 
outstrips growth in operating expenses and growth in risk-weighted assets, along with a return on 
tangible equity above the cost of capital in 2025. 
Possible dependency 
Except for the banking licence of BNPPF, there is no patent or licence, industrial, commercial or 
financial contract or new manufacturing processes that is material to BNPPF's business or profitability. 
Basis for any statements made by BNPPF regarding its competitive position

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
The basis for any statements in this Base Prospectus made by BNPPF regarding its competitive position 
originate from BNPPF's evaluation of market trends and should generally reflect market views. 
Information relating to the joint ventures and undertakings in which BNPPF holds a proportion 
of the capital likely to have a significant effect on the assessment of its own assets and liabilities, 
financial position or profits and losses 
Financial information on joint ventures can be found in note 4.k of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, as 
well as in the simplified legal structure chart at paragraph 3 below. 
Environmental issues that may affect BNPPF's utilisation of its tangible fixed assets 
Currently no environmental issues are affecting BNPPF's use of its tangible fixed assets. This topic is 
monitored, both from a perspective of the CO2 impact of its building and data centres on the 
environment (BNP Paribas has been climate neutral since the end of 2017), as from the perspective of 
possible impact of new regulation/existing regulation on current/new facilities or impact of severe 
weather phenomena on BNPPF’s assets. Local climate activists have, on occasion (for example, on 1 
April 2021), symbolically blocked the entrance of one of the buildings, without impact on the 
operations. 
4. 
Operating and financial review 
Financial situation 
For an understanding of BNPPF's business as a whole, a fair review of the development and 
performance of BNPPF's business and of its position for 2021, 2022 and 2023, including the causes of 
material changes, see the management reports of 2021, 2022 and 2023, which are included in the 
BNPPF 2023 Annual Report and the BNPPF 2022 Annual Report, each of which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operating results 
For a description of (i) information regarding significant factors, including unusual or infrequent events 
or new developments, materially affecting BNPPF's income from operations and indicate the extent to 
which income was so affected and (ii) where financial information incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus discloses material changes in net sales or revenues, a narrative discussion of the reasons 
for such changes, see the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
5. 
Capital resources 
BNPPF’s capital resources 
Please see the balance sheet of BNPPF as at 31 December 2023 included in the BNPPF 2023 Annual 
Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Sources and amounts of cash flows 
Please see the cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2023 included in the BNPPF 2023 
Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus . 
Borrowing requirements and funding structure

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
Please see the balance sheet of BNPPF as at 31 December 2023 included in the BNPPF 2023 Annual 
Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Restrictions on the use of capital resources that have materially affected, or could 
materially affect, BNPPF’s operations 
There are no restrictions on the use of capital resources that have materially affected, or could materially 
affect, BNPPF's operations. 
Anticipated sources of funds needed to fulfil commitments for any material investments of 
BNPPF 
N/A 
6. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies, and senior management 
Board of Directors and Executive Board 
In general, the Board of Directors (Raad van Bestuur/Conseil d'Administration) is responsible for 
BNPPF in accordance with applicable law. The Board of Directors defines and controls in particular (i) 
the strategy and goals of BNPPF, (ii) the risk policy (including the risk appetite) of BNPPF, (iii) the 
organisation of BNPPF for the provision of investment services and activities, (iv) the integrity related 
policies, BNPPF's Internal Governance Memorandum and its Corporate Governance Policy. 
As provided for in the Belgian Banking Law and in the Articles of Association, an Executive Board has 
been set up (directiecomité/comité de direction), composed exclusively out of directors. The members 
of the Executive Board are also referred to as 'executive directors'. 
Since 18 April 2024, the composition of the Board of Directors is as follows: 15 members, of which 9 
members are non-executive and 6 members are executive. The business address for each of the members 
of the Board of Directors is Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
The composition of the Board of Directors is as follows: 
Nine Non-Executive members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Start first mandate 
End mandate 
Maxime Jadot 
Chairperson 
2011 
2027 
Philippe Bordenave 
Director 
2023 
2027 
Laurence de l’Escaille 
Director 
2024 
2028 
Wouter De Ploey 
Director 
2022 
2026 
Nathalie Hartmann 
Director 
2023 
2027 
Anne Leclercq 
Director 
2022 
2026 
Sofia Merlo 
Director 
2016 
2028 
Titia Van Waeyenberge 
Director 
2019 
2027 
Thierry Varène 
Director 
2009 
2028

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
Six Executive members, comprising also the Executive Board (Directiecomité/Comité de Direction): 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Start first mandate 
End mandate 
Michael Anseeuw 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Executive 
Board 
2018 
2026 
Didier Beauvois 
Member of the Executive Board 
2014 
2027 
Daniel de Clerck 
Member of the Executive Board 
2019 
2027 
Piet Van Aken 
Member of the Executive Board 
2016 
2028 
Stéphane 
Vermeire 
Member of the Executive Board 
2018 
2026 
Sandra Wilikens 
Member of the Executive Board 
2022 
2026 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee ("ExCo") consists of 11 members, the six members of the Executive Board 
("ExBo") in their respective responsibilities, together with five heads of businesses or support services 
(reporting line between brackets). The ExCo has been set-up to assist the ExBo with the fulfilment of 
its role and responsibilities and to advise the ExBo as and when needed. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address for each of the members of the ExCo is 
Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Michael Anseeuw 
Chairman of the Executive Committee (specific responsibilities include global responsibility for all 
banking activities, in particular, banking activities in Belgium, Retain Banking, Finance, Tax, 
Compliance, Legal,  Communications,  Secretary General and Audit) 
Didier Beauvois  
Head of Corporate Banking 
Daniel de Clerck  
Chief Operating Officer  (specific responsibilities include, HR, IT & Operations) 
Piet Van Aken  
Chief Risk Officer 
Stéphane Vermeire  
Head of Affluent and Private Banking 
Sandra Wilikens 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Franciane Rays 
Chief Financial Officer 
Marc Camus  
Chief Information Officer 
Kathleen Pauwels 
Chief Compliance Officer (subject to regulatory approval) 
Laurent Loncke 
Head of Retail Banking 
Lieve De Mol  
Head of Client Service Centre

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS ORGANISATION 
CHART 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the BNPPF organisation chart is as follows: 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the executive board and executive committee is as follows: 
 
MICHAEL 
ANSEEUW 
CHAIRMAN EXBO /  
EXCO AND CEO
BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS 
PIET  
VAN AKEN 
RISK 
DIDIER 
BEAUVOIS 
CORPORATE  
BANKING 
LAURENT 
LONCKE 
RETAIL  
BANKING 
STÉPHANE 
VERMEIRE 
AFFLUENT &  
PRIVATE BANKING 
SANDRA 
WILIKENS 
HUMAN  
RESOURCES 
LEGEND 
Members of the Executive Board (ExBo) 
Members of the Executive Committee (ExCo) 
Direct report CEO 
FRANCIANE RAYS  
CFO 
HILDE DUSON  
AUDIT 
MARC CAMUS  
IT 
LIEVE DE MOL 
E2E OPERATIONS 
KHATLEEN PAUWELS 
COMPLIANCE 
DANIËL  
DE CLERCK 
COO

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
Names of all companies and partnerships (excl. non profit, patrimonial companies and management 
companies) in which members of the Board of Directors have been a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies or partner at any time in the previous five years, indicating whether 
or not the individual is still a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies or 
partner  
 
Name 
Company/Partnership and Capacity/Function 
When 
Maxime Jadot 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2023 
 
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2012 
 
Baltisse SA/NV, Director 
Since 2017 
 
Sibelco SCR SA/NV, Director 
Since 2024 
Michael Anseeuw 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2018 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Chairman of the Executive Board 
Since 2023 
 
AG Insurance SA/NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Didier Beauvois  
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2015 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2014 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private Equity Belgium NV, Director 
Since 2017 
 
Axepta BNP Paribas Benelux, Director 
Since 2024 
Philippe Bordenave 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2023 
Daniel de Clerck 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2019 
 
Batopin SA/NV, Director 
Since 2020 
Laurence 
de 
l’Escaille 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2024 
 
Elia Group, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Elia Transmission Belgium, Director 
Since 2022 
Wouter De Ploey 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Unibreda SA/NV, Director  
Since 2017 
 
Vanbreda Risk & Benefits, Director 
Since 2017 
Nathalie Hartmann 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2023 
 
BNP Paribas Asset Management, Director 
Since 2023 
Anne Leclercq 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Warehouses De Pauw SA/NV, Director 
Since 2015 
 
Fluxys Belgium, Director 
Since 2018 
Sofia Merlo 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2016 
Piet Van Aken 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2016 
 
Arval Service Lease SA, Director 
Since 2017 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private Equity Belgium SA/NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Titia 
Van 
Waeyenberge 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Since 2019

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
De Eik SA/NV, Director and Chairwoman of the Board of Directors 
Director since 
2017, 
Chairwoman 
since 2018 
 
Paratodos NV, Managing Director 
Since 2009 
 
Industria San Cosme SA, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Pikyry SA, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Ganadaera El Roble SA, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Estancia Montania SA, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Tattersal Leasing SA, Director 
Since 2015 
 
Indufin Investment Fund NV, Director 
Since 2019 
 
Zinner NV, Director 
Since 2024 
Thierry Varène 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2009 
Stéphane Vermeire 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2018 
 
BNP Paribas Asset Management Holding SA, Director (as permanent 
representative of BNP Paribas Fortis) 
Since 2017 
 
Abbove SRL, Director 
Since 2018 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private Equity Belgium SA/NV, Director 
Since 2023 
Sandra Wilikens 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Vanbreda Risk and Benefits SA/NV, Director 
Since 2019 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
To the best of BNPPF's knowledge, no conflicts of interest exist between any duties to BNPPF of the 
persons set out above and their private interests and/or other duties. However, functional conflicts of 
interest may exist due to roles held (which may also relate to roles previously held) by these persons in 
entities of the BNPP Group. Should such conflicts of interest occur, they are managed in accordance 
with the existing internal policies. 
Reference is also made to article 72 of the Belgian Banking Law that has introduced a strict framework 
regarding contracts, credits, guarantees and loans to be granted to certain identified persons. BNPPF 
does strictly comply with this legislation. 
Audit Committee 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate audit committee 
to assist the Board of Directors with audit related matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competencies of the Audit Committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and the Belgian 
Code on Companies and Associations and are as follows: provision of information, finance monitoring, 
internal control and risk management, internal audit and external audit. The Audit Committee shall, 
upon request of the Board of Directors, assist (and make recommendations to) the Board of Directors 
in all audit and accounting related matters.

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Wouter De Ploey 
Chairman of the Audit Committee; independent, non-executive director 
Nathalie Hartmann 
Member of the Audit Committee; non-executive director 
Anne Leclercq 
Member of the Audit Committee; independent, non-executive director 
Laurence de l’Escaille 
Member of the Audit Committee; independent, non-executive director 
Risk committee 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate risk committee to 
assist the board of directors with risk (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The Risk Committee shall, upon request of the Board of Directors, assist (and make recommendations 
to) the Board of Directors in all risk (related) matters. In particular, the Risk Committee reports to the 
Board of Directors on all major litigations and regulatory developments of which it has been informed. 
Several special competences of the Risk Committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and are 
listed herewith: (i) strategy and risk appetite, (ii) price setting and (iii) remuneration policy. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Anne Leclercq 
Chairwoman of the Risk Committee; independent, non-executive director 
Philippe Bordenave 
Member of the Risk Committee; non-executive director 
Titia Van Waeyenberge 
Member of the Risk Committee;  independent, non-executive director 
Governance and nomination committee (GNC) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate governance and 
nomination committee to assist the board of directors with nomination (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competences of the Governance and Nomination Committee are set forth in the Banking Law and 
the regulations of the Belgian National Bank and include being capable of rendering a sound and 
independent judgment on the composition and functioning of the Board of Directors and other 
management bodies of BNPPF and specifically on the individual and collective expertise of their 
members, their integrity, reputation, independence of mind and availability. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
Titia Van Waeyenberge 
Chairwoman of the Governance and Nomination Committee; independent, non-
executive director 
Maxime Jadot 
Member of the Governance and Nomination Committee;  chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Laurence de l’Escaille 
Member of the Governance and Nomination Committee; independent, non-executive 
director 
Remuneration committee (RemCo) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate remuneration 
committee to assist the board of directors with remuneration (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competences of the remuneration committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and include 
being capable to provide a sound and independent judgement on the remuneration policies and reward 
practices and related incentives taking into account risk control, net equity needs and liquidity position. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Titia Van Waeyenberge 
Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee; independent, non-executive director 
Laurence de l’Escaille 
Member of the Remuneration Committee; independent, non-executive director 
Sofia Merlo 
Member of the Remuneration Committee; non-executive director 
Family relationship between any of the members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies 
There are no family relationships between any of the members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies. 
Management expertise 
For more information on the management expertise of the above members of the supervisory bodies, 
see the corporate website of BNPPF (https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/your-bank/directors). The 
information on the this website does not form part of and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Convictions in relation to fraudulent offences for at least the previous five years of any member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies 
To the best of BNPPF's knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has been convicted in relation to fraudulent offences for the last five years. 
Bankruptcies, receiverships, liquidations or companies put into administration in respect of any 
member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies who acted in one or more of those 
capacities for at least the previous five years

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
To the best of the BNPPF's knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has fallen in the scope of this section for the last five years. 
Official public incrimination and/or sanctions involving any member of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies) 
and whether they have ever been disqualified by a court from acting as a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the 
affairs of any issuer for at least the previous five years 
To the best of the BNPPF's knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has been subject to an official incrimination nor has been sanctioned by statutory or regulatory 
authorities, nor have been disqualified by a court from acting as a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the 
affairs of any issuer for at least the previous five years. 
Arrangement or understanding with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others, pursuant to 
which any member of the Board of Directors was selected as a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies or member of senior management 
To the best of BNPPF's knowledge, there are no such known arrangements with major shareholders, 
customers, suppliers or others, pursuant to which any member of the Board of Directors was selected 
as a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies or member of senior 
management. 
Restrictions agreed by any member of the Board of Directors or Executive Board on the disposal within 
a certain period of time of their holdings in BNPPF's securities 
To the best of BNPPF's knowledge, there are no such restrictions. 
Statement of the Board of Directors on the Corporate Governance Charter 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV is a limited liability company, incorporated under Belgian law. It qualifies 
as credit institution and as an organisation of public interest, according to the BCCA. 
Although BNPPF is not a listed company as defined by the applicable legislation, it issues debt 
securities that are listed on a regulated market in the meaning of article 2, 3° of the law of 2 August 
2002 (as amended) regarding the supervision of the financial sector and financial services. In addition, 
but without the involvement of BNPPF itself, its shares are traded from time to time on a multilateral 
trading facility in the meaning of article 2, 4° of the same law of 2 August 2002. 
Taking into account the above, BNPPF has drafted and approved its Corporate Governance  Charter 
that covers certain requirements set forth by article 75, §1, second alinea of the law of 25 April 2014 on 
the statute and supervision on credit institutions and stockbroking firms (the "Banking Law"). 
This Corporate Governance Charter has been created in accordance with the abovementioned 
references, as well as with the European Banking Authority ("EBA") Guidelines EBA/GL/2021/05 on 
internal governance and the related National Bank of Belgium ("NBB") circular NBB_2021_28.

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
In accordance with article 3:8 of the BCCA and article 1 of the Royal Decree of 12 May 2019 
designating the corporate governance Code to be applied by listed companies, BNPPF decided to apply 
to the extent possible the "Belgian Corporate Governance Code 2020" (the "2020 CG Code"). 
The 2020 CG Code is available at http://www.corporategovernancecommittee.be. The information on 
this website does not form part and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
More specifically, this Corporate Governance Charter contains information on (i) the shareholders' 
structure, (ii) the group to which BNPPF belongs, (iii) the corporate bodies of BNPPF, and (iv) the 
internal control organisation, (v) the principles governing its integrity code and the management of 
conflicts of interest; and (vi) the main business continuity principles. A view is furthermore given on 
the Secretary General’s Office and on the Auditors. 
For all other matters as referred to in article 75, §1, second alinea of the Banking Law, reference is 
made to the annual report and Corporate Social Responsibility report of BNPPF. 
BNPPF's Corporate Governance Charter is available at www.bnpparibasfortis.com. The information on 
this website does not form part of and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except for information that is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Section 5 of this Base Prospectus. 
Potential material impacts of corporate governance 
BNPPF does not foresee any potential material changes for corporate governance, including future 
changes in the board and committees composition. 
7. 
Trend information 
Macroeconomic environment 
Macroeconomic and market conditions affect BNPPF's results. The nature of BNPPF's business makes 
it particularly sensitive to macroeconomic and market conditions in Europe. 
Global activity decelerated in 2023, in the context of interest rates and inflation that remain high. 
According to the latest IMF projections of January 2024, global GDP grew by only 3.1 per cent. 
(compared with 3.5 per cent. in the previous year), mainly reflecting weakening of European economies. 
In the Eurozone, activity growth indeed decelerated with  growth of 0.5 per cent. (compared with +3.4 
per cent. in the previous year), reflecting much less dynamic domestic demand, both in terms of 
consumption and investment. 
While inflation has receded at a quite rapid pace in the course of 2023, it has remained significantly 
above central bank targets in many countries. This high inflation environment has pushed central banks 
to implement the most pronounced monetary tightening in recent decades. 
The main central banks have most likely completed their interest rate hiking cycle in the second half of 
2023. Both short-term and long-term interest rates have reached levels not seen since the year 2000 and 
are expected to remain relatively high for some time. These rate conditions should thus continue to 
weigh on activity in 2024. In this context, the following risk categories can be identified:

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
Risks related to high inflation, supply chain disruptions and tensions on commodity markets 
Inflation has receded at quite a rapid pace since late 2022 and is generally expected to continue to 
moderate in 2024, reflecting both reduced tensions in some specific sectors (such as energy and food) 
and a modest pace of activity growth. However, the risk that inflation remains durably above central 
bank targets remains. In the short term, key factors developments seem worth monitoring from this 
point of view, such as the possible impacts of geopolitical tensions, the risk of shocks on commodity 
prices, and labour market developments. In a medium-term perspective, the energy transition also 
carries inflationary risks. 
 The risks of supply chain disruptions and shortages of inputs are likely to remain key themes in the 
years ahead. First, geopolitical tensions generate risks from this point of view (e.g. enforcement of 
sanctions). Second, the transition towards a low-carbon economy increases the competition for 
commodities that may not be easily available in sufficient quantities. These difficulties could lead to 
price volatility. They could also directly affect activity (such as, lack of inputs or unprofitable 
production) and lead to difficulties in the most exposed sectors (including, losses and defaults). 
Risks linked to the impact of higher interest rates, in particular for the real estate sector and indebted 
economic agents 
The high levels of interest rates generate risks for the economy and the financial system and are 
susceptible to trigger unfavourable market reactions (such as, equity market, foreign exchange and 
capital flows). 
Interest-rate sensitive sectors are more exposed than others. In particular, the downward trend in the 
real estate sector (residential and commercial) has materialised in many countries and has not come to 
an end yet in most cases (with additional price corrections expected in the coming quarters). 
More generally, in the private sector, some economic agents with high levels of debt may find it more 
difficult to pay off their debt, especially when variable interest rates are applied. The modest growth 
environment adds to such risks, notably through weaker expected labour market developments. 
The combination of low growth and higher interest rates also increases pressures on public finances, 
especially given the increase in public debt observed in many countries in recent years, due to the health 
crisis and the high inflation environment. In this context, fiscal policy is expected to contribute less to 
growth in the near future than in previous years. The related tensions (higher sovereign spreads) are a 
risk in the presence of less favourable deficit trajectories than previously anticipated. 
The vulnerability of some economies of emerging countries to these risks could lead to a deterioration 
in the rating of these countries by agencies, which can be followed by an increase in risk premiums and 
debt servicing BNPPF’s exposure in emerging market countries is limited.  
Geopolitical and geoeconomic fragmentation risks 
Geopolitical and geoeconomic fragmentation Geopolitical risks have increased significantly in recent 
years. Beyond the invasion of Ukraine and its economic consequences (e.g. gas prices, food prices), the 
situation in the Middle East seems susceptible to generate significant risks for the global economy, 
depending on developments. These conflicts, combined with other geopolitical tensions between the 
US and China, are contributing to some fragmentation of the global economy.

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
Türkiye holds a key position in this context, due to its geographical location and complex and variable 
relationships with various major actors. The worsening of the situation in the Middle East adds another 
dimension. These geopolitical risks combine with economic risks related to high inflation and the 
associated depreciation of its currency over the recent period. BNPPF's presence in Türkiye is primarily 
through its TEB subsidiary. 
Geopolitical tensions can weigh on the global economy through various channels, including shocks on 
commodity prices, financial markets, business confidence, supply chains and trade. Such developments 
are susceptible to lead to higher inflation developments and weaker activity developments 
simultaneously, complicating the task of central banks. The growing use of international sanctions also 
increases the possible magnitude of consequences of such events. 
Laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions 
Recent and future changes in the laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions may have a 
significant impact on BNPPF. Measures recently adopted or still under consideration, that have or are 
likely to have an impact on BNPPF notably include: 
• 
prudential regulations: with the finalisation of Basel 3 published by the Basel Committee in 
December 2017, supplemented by the fundamental review of the trading book ("FRTB") in January 
2019 and of credit value adjustment ("CVA") risk in July 2020, which introduces a revision of the 
credit risk, operational risk, market risk and CVA risk measurement in the calculation of risk-
weighted assets. The new Basel framework also provides for the gradual introduction of an overall 
floor which will be based on standardised approaches. These measures are due to come into force 
once they are transposed into European law. To this end, on 27 October 2021, the European 
Commission published a draft transposition of the Basel Accord in the form of amendments to the 
Capital Requirements Regulation and the Capital Requirements Directive. The European Union 
Council and the European Parliament have settled their positions. Negotiations between the three 
institutions have been completed and adoption of the finalised text is expected to take place in the 
first half of 2024. This text also provides for the issuance by the EBA of a number of regulatory or 
implementing technical standards as well as guidelines; 
• 
the Directive of 16 April 2014 related to deposit guarantee systems and its delegated and 
implementing acts, the Directive of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD") and its revision on 20 May 2019 
("BRRD2"), as well as the Regulation of 15 July 2014 ("SRM") and its revision of 20 May 2019 
("SRM2") establishing a bank recovery and resolution framework, including the determination of 
MREL requirements, the Single Resolution Mechanism establishing the Single Resolution Council 
and the Single Resolution Fund; 
• 
the Final Rule by the U.S. Federal Reserve imposing tighter prudential rules on the U.S. transactions 
of large foreign banks, notably the obligation to create a separate intermediary holding company in 
the U.S. (capitalised and subject to regulation) to hold their U.S. subsidiaries; 
• 
the regulation of over-the-counter derivative activities pursuant to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation 
("EMIR") in Europe, notably margin requirements for uncleared derivative products, transparency 
and reporting requirements for derivatives transactions in securities, as well as the obligation to set 
off certain derivatives traded over the counter by clearing houses;

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
• 
the new Markets in Financial Instruments Directive ("MiFID 2") and the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"); and 
• 
the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which came into force on 25 May 2018. This 
regulation aims to move the European data confidentiality environment forward and improve 
personal data protection within the European Union. Businesses run the risk of severe penalties if 
they do not comply with the standards set by the GDPR. This regulation applies to all banks and 
companies providing services to European citizens; 
Moreover, in this strengthened regulatory context, the risk of non-compliance with existing laws and 
regulations, in particular those relating to the protection of the interests of customers and personal data, 
is a significant risk for the banking industry, potentially resulting in significant losses and fines. In 
addition to its compliance system, which specifically covers this type of risk, the BNP Paribas Group 
places the interest of its customers, and more broadly that of its stakeholders, at the heart of its 
mechanism. Thus, the code of conduct adopted by the BNP Paribas Group in 2016, updated in 2021, 
sets out detailed values and rules of conduct in this area. 
Environmental risks 
BNPPF is exposed to risks related to climate change, based on a double materiality approach, either 
directly through its own operations or for certain of its assets or indirectly through its financing and 
investment activities. The main risks related to climate change are as follows: 
• 
transition risks resulting from a change in the behaviour of economic and financial agents in 
response to the implementation of energy policies, change in regulation, technological innovations 
or changes in consumer preferences; and 
• 
physical risks resulting from the direct impact of climate change on people and assets due to extreme 
weather events or long-term shifts in climate patterns, such as rising sea levels or rising 
temperatures. 
In addition, consequences in terms of reputation and liability may arise from these risk factors as a 
consequence of potential negative impacts that BNPPF may have either directly or indirectly on the 
climate or if its public commitments or disclosures are not perceived as accurate by some of its 
stakeholders. They may end up with potential disputes, claims for compensation, legal proceedings 
brought against a company, a state or a financial institution that could be held liable by any stakeholder 
or citizen who has suffered from climate change. In line with international work and in particular that 
of the Network of Supervisors and Central Banks for Greening the Financial System, BNPPF considers 
the risks associated with the emergence of legal proceedings related to climate change for companies 
and investors, including liability risks, as a subset of physical and transition risks. 
The BNP Paribas Group monitors the potential impact of these risk factors in the conduct of its business, 
in that of its counterparties or in its investments on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties. The BNP 
Paribas Group thus integrates these risk factors into its risk management process and gradually 
strengthens its assessment, as the methodologies for measuring and analysing these factors and their 
impact on traditional risks, in particular, those relating to credit quality, are developed.

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
Cyber security and technology risk 
BNPPF's ability to do business is intrinsically tied to the fluidity of electronic transactions as well as 
the protection and security of information and technology assets. 
The technological change is accelerating with the digital transformation and the resulting increase in 
the number of communications circuits, proliferation in data sources, growing process automation, and 
greater use of electronic banking transactions. 
The progress and acceleration of the technological changes needed to respond to customer requirements 
are giving cybercriminals new options for altering, stealing and disclosing data. Attacks are more 
frequent, with a bigger reach and sophistication across all sectors, including financial services. Besides, 
in the current context of geopolitical tensions and development of hybrid war, cyber threat is heightened. 
The outsourcing of a number of processes is also likely to expose the BNP Paribas Group to structural 
cybersecurity and technology risks which can lead to the appearance of potential attack vectors that 
cybercriminals can exploit. 
Accordingly, BNPPF has reinforced its lines of defence dedicated to managing technological and cyber 
security risks and operational standards are regularly adapted to support BNPPF's digital evolution and 
innovation while managing existing and emerging threats (such as cyber-crime, espionage). 
Emerging Risks 
An emerging risk is defined as a new or evolving risk which potential impact could be material in the 
future but is currently not fully known or is difficult to quantify. 
The BNP Paribas Group identified emerging risks related to technological innovations, the evolving 
regulatory environment, as well as certain health, demographic and societal risks. 
Evolutions in insurance and reinsurance markets 
Insurance and re-insurance play a critical role in the financial management of disaster risks, organising 
mutualisation, absorbing the costs of damage and losses and supporting post-disaster economic 
recovery by providing a source of funds for recovery and reconstruction. 
With the intensification of extreme weather events associated with climate change and the progression 
of the claims’ frequency and severity, one can already observe structural changes there is a risk, over 
the coming years that: 
• 
substantial increase of insurance deductibles and premiums; 
• 
multiplication of exceptions in insurance contracts; 
• 
certain risks becoming non-insurable; 
• 
difficulties of reinsurance facing catastrophic risks progression. 
In this context, financial institutions, including BNPPF, have to develop a particular vigilance with 
regard to the effectiveness of insurance protections from which they, directly or indirectly, benefit.

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
Technological innovations 
Technological developments related to the growing use of data in all production, marketing, and 
distribution processes, and to data sharing among economic players (producers, suppliers, and 
customers) will impact the economic models of clients and counterparties in a lasting way. These 
impacts, which are sometimes hard to assess in a context where new standards, economic balances, and 
regulatory entities are in the process of evolving and adapting, are being analysed internally by industry 
experts focused on the economic sectors most exposed to this evolution. 
In addition, the use of algorithms and artificial intelligence techniques, which are becoming increasingly 
sophisticated, combined with the spectacular development of computing power (with the emblematic 
emergence of quantum computing), considerably modifies decision making and exposes people to risks 
of a new nature with, notably, a modified relationship with information and truth (appearance of “post-
truth” concept) and even reality and standardised behaviour that can quickly affect certain markets. The 
emergence of decentralised finance and digital assets based on distributed ledger technologies 
(blockchain) and the development of digital currencies of central banks are changes that may ultimately 
have a structural impact on the banking sector. 
Furthermore, in this regard, BNPPF’s competitive environment is undergoing profound change, with 
the presence of fintech, emerging new players in the activities of the financial sector as Google, Apple, 
Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft (and other actors that concentrate a very substantial part of numerical 
power) and technological innovations which disrupt the traditional value chains of BNPPF's businesses, 
and place the quality of the customer experience, and the use of new technologies to reduce the cost of 
low added-value operations, as their competitive factors. 
Maintenance of the BNP Paribas Group's information systems must be done in this context of evolving 
value chains and increasing protection needs (of systems, data, etc.). The BNP Paribas Group is 
deploying a proactive strategy in this area to adapt its activities to these major technological 
developments and promote some industrial cooperation with fintech players. This strategy and the 
initiatives developed could nevertheless prove to be insufficient and introduce a risk of a competitive 
nature.. 
Evolving regulatory environments 
In addition to the regulatory measures recently adopted or pending adoption, and already cited as top 
risks, the trend towards growing complexity and regional differences in the regulatory environment for 
banks and related supervision is creating relative uncertainty over future developments, compliance 
costs, and proper performance risk concerning the various measures. BNP Paribas Group has 
established an active monitoring system for its regulatory environment, enabling it to minimise these 
risks. 
Possible future divergence by type of regulated entity, for example, depending on their degree of 
innovation, may also introduce risk of a competitive nature. 
Health risks 
The threat presented by bacteria, viruses, parasites or fungi that cause an uncontrolled spread of 
infectious diseases leading to widespread fatalities and economic disruption is a growing concern. It is 
aggravated by the resistance developed by bacteria to antibiotics, by viruses to antivirals or by fungi to 
antifungals, a situation that heightens the probability of large-scale health problems.

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
Furthermore, health risks are clouded by the possible effects of climate change and man-made damage 
to nature that are heightening the risk of emergence and re-emergence of diseases or pathogenic agents, 
known or new, leading to wide-spread infections or pandemics, thus pushing healthcare systems to the 
brink of failure. 
The impact of the COVID health crisis on the economy and the risk of extreme shocks have decreased 
since 2020. However, the emergence of a variant or other virus, resulting in restrictions, remains 
possible. If countries with low vaccination rates or strict restrictions are particularly exposed to the 
economic consequences of such developments, other countries could be affected by negative spillovers, 
due, in particular, to supply chain disruptions 
In this context, a new widespread infection or pandemic, with a bacterial, viral or fungal origin, 
potentially resistant to antibiotics, antiviral drugs or other treatments, and therefore difficult to eradicate, 
is an increasing concern, and that becomes increasingly preoccupying. 
Despite the experience gained with the health crisis linked to COVID-19, such an infection could lead 
to new failures in infrastructure and production chains, with significant consequences for all 
stakeholders. 
Demographic risk 
Demographic transition (i.e., a decrease in fertility rate and/or increase in life expectancy) is a major 
underlying development in many countries. In the years and decades to come, it will have a significant 
impact on economic growth, but also on health and retirement budgets, and on savings and consumption 
behaviour.  
Societal issues 
In addition to responses designed to meet its customers’ changing needs, the Group is, on a more general 
basis, adapting its responses to the expectations of the society in which it operates in terms of how it 
conducts its business, respect for human rights and environmental protection. Thus, in a context where 
societal fragmentation and polarisation risks grow, banks must deal with the increasing sensitivity of 
their customers and partners to environmental, social and governance issues. 
The BNP Paribas Group's "Code of Conduct" which is also applicable to BNPPF defines standards of 
conduct in line with the values and missions determined by the BNP Paribas Group.  
Areas of Special Interest in 2023 
Türkiye 
The cumulative inflation over four years of the Turkish economy reached over 200%. The Turkish lira 
suffered from these conditions. Türkiye is also directly and indirectly affected by the consequences of 
the invasion in Ukraine. While these developments did not prevent the expansion of the Turkish 
economy in 2023, they could, at one point, affect investor confidence, financial volatility and ultimately 
economic growth and the country’s rating. 
BNPPF's presence in Türkiye is primarily through its TEB subsidiary. At 31 December 2023, BNP 
Paribas Fortis generated 4.9 per cent. of its pre-tax operating income in this country. The TEB entity

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
had a solvency ratio (Capital Adequacy Ratio ("CAR")) of 16.85 per cent. at 31 December 2023, in 
excess of the regulatory requirements. 
In 2023, the TEB Group's balance sheet liquidity remained solid, with a Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
("LCR") of 239 per cent. at 31 December 2023, versus 209 per cent. at 31 December 2022. With loans 
outstanding of TRY 213.2 billion and deposits of TRY 284.5 billion, the TEB Group's financing 
structure is largely self-financed. 
With respect to exposure to counterparties whose main business is in Türkiye, commercial 
commitments as at 31 December 2023 represented 4 per cent. of BNP Paribas Group's total gross 
commitments, on- and off-balance sheet. Exposure to Turkish sovereign risk is contained at 7 per cent. 
of the banking book's sovereign exposure and is essentially borne by the TEB Group. 
Others 
While the invasion in Ukraine is one of the main geopolitical risks, tensions are also palpable in Asia, 
in the Korean peninsula and the China Sea and remain high in some other areas, such as in the Middle 
East, with the potential involvement of Western powers to varying degrees.  
Although the possible consequences of such risks are difficult to assess, the regional economies in 
question, and the global economy, could be affected through different channels (such as confidence, 
financial markets, trade, supply chains and commodity prices). 
8. 
Remuneration and benefits 
For a detailed overview of the remuneration and benefits of the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies, see pages 149 to 153 of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
9. 
Employees 
BNP Paribas Fortis is part of BNP Paribas, a leading bank in Europe with an international reach. BNP 
Paribas operates in 63 countries and has almost 183,000 employees, including over 145,000 in Europe. 
Around 10,350 employees work for BNPPF. 
See Notes 1.j (Employee Benefits) on pages 74 and 75 of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus  
10. 
Major shareholders 
Notifiable interests 
BNPPF is 99.94 per cent. owned by BNPP and for 0.06 per cent. by minority shareholders. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BNPPF has not received any notifications pursuant to article 
7:225, last paragraph of the BCCA and article 14, paragraph 4 of the law of 2 May 2007 on the 
disclosure of major shareholders or pursuant to article 5 of the Royal Decree of 24 August 2008 on the 
rules for certain multilateral trading facilities. 
Existence of different voting rights 
The major shareholders do not have different voting rights.

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
Control of BNPPF 
As also provided above under "Declaration regarding corporate governance" and "Notifiable interests", 
BNPPF is controlled by BNPP which holds 99.94 per cent. of the shares of BNPPF and the remaining 
0.06 per cent. of the shares is held by minority shareholders. In order to ensure such control is not 
abused, BNPPF communicates on an ongoing basis with its various stakeholders through its website 
and other media and actively answers to the questions raised by its minority shareholders in the 
framework of the general shareholders' meetings. Further, the Board of Directors of BNPPF is also 
determined to protect the interests of all its shareholders at all times and to provide them with the 
necessary information and facilities to exercise their rights, in compliance with the BCCA. 
In this respect, see Section 1 ("Compliance with the Code") of the Chapter entitled "Corporate 
Governance Statement" on page 32 of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Any arrangements, known to BNPPF, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in 
a change of control of BNPPF 
N/A 
11. 
Related party transactions 
Please see the Board of Directors' procedure described on page 195 of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report. 
For an overview of the transactions between BNPPF and its related parties, see Section 8.h (Other 
related parties) of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. BNPPF further confirms that there are no transactions with related parties with are not at 
arm's length. 
12. 
Selected key historical financial information in relation to BNPPF 
Comparative Annual Financial Data – In millions of EUR 
 
31/12/2023 
(audited) 
31/12/2022 (restated 
according to IFRS 17 and 
IFRS 9) 
(audited) 
Revenues 
10,551 
9,640 
Cost of risk 
(280) 
(328) 
Net income 
3,542 
3,598 
Net 
income 
attributable 
to 
shareholders 
3,095 
3,136 
Total consolidated balance sheet 
373,880 
350,265

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
Shareholders' equity (without minority 
interests) 
25,413 
25,296 
Consolidated loans and receivables 
due from customers 
219,303 
216,785 
Consolidated items due to customers 
203,931 
212,692 
Tier 1 Capital 
21,715 
21,820 
Tier 1 Ratio 
16.8% 
17,8% 
Total Capital 
22,701 
22,816 
Total Capital Ratio 
17.6% 
18,6% 
Change of accounting reference date 
The accounting reference date has not been changed during the last three financial years. 
Accounting standards 
The consolidated financial statements of BNPPF for the years 2023 and 2022 have been prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 ("IFRS"). 
Change of accounting framework 
Since 1 January 2023, the BNP Paribas Group's insurance entities applied IFRS 17 'Insurance Contracts' 
issued in May 2017 and amended in June 2020, adopted by the European Union in November 2021, 
with a transition date of 1 January 2022 for the opening balance sheet requirements of the comparative 
period required by the standard.  
As the BNP Paribas Group deferred the application of IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments', for insurance 
entities until the entry into force of IFRS 17, it applies this standard from 1 January 2023. 
The main effect of these changes in the balance sheet of 31 December 2022 is in Shareholder’s Equity 
amounting to EUR (0.09) billion. The impact is mainly related to a non-controlled entity consolidated 
via equity method.  
In this respect, see Note 2 (IRFS 17 and IFRS 9 first time application impacts on the balance sheet at 
31 December 2023) on pages 79 to 80 of the BNPPF 2022 Annual Report, which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
National accounting standards 
As confirmed above, the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF have not been prepared according 
to national accounting standards, but according to IFRS.

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
Consolidated financial statements 
BNPPF prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial statements. Only the consolidated 
financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet of the 2023 audited consolidated financial statements is dated as at 31 December 
2023. 
Interim and other financial information 
BNPPF has not published any interim financial information since the date of its last audited financial 
statements, being 31 December 2023. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The consolidated financial statements of BNPPF incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have 
been independently audited and the audit reports thereon have been prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2014/56/EU of the European Parliament and Council Directive 2014/56/EU of the European 
Parliament and Council of 16 April 2014 amending Directive 2006/43/EC on statutory audits of annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts (OJ L 158, 27.5.2014, p. 196) and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of 
public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC (OJ L 158, 27.5.2014, p. 77). 
No information (other than the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF incorporated by reference 
herein) in this Base Prospectus has been audited by the statutory auditor. 
Extraction of financial information 
N/A 
Pro forma financial information 
There has not been a significant gross change since the end of the last accounting year. As a result, no 
pro forma financial information needs to be disclosed. 
13. 
Accredited statutory auditors of BNPPF 
As at 31 December 2023, Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren BV / Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL, represented by 
Yves Dehogne, is the sole statutory auditor of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. Yves Dehogne is a member 
of the Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren (IBR)/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises (IRE). 
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023 of BNPPF have been audited by 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren BV / Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL, represented by Yves Dohogne, Partner, 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 J Zaventem Belgium, in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An 
unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial statements was issued on 25 March 2024.  
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 of BNPPF have been audited by PwC 
Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL, represented by Jeroen Bockaert, Partner, Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem,

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements was issued on 27 March 2023.  
14. 
Significant change in BNPPF’s financial performance or position 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of BNPPF and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2023. 
15. 
Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BNPPF since 31 December 2023. 
16. 
Share capital 
Please see the statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2023 on page 48 of the BNPPF 2023 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
17. 
Material contracts 
Neither BNPPF, nor any of its subsidiaries, have entered into any material contracts that create an 
obligation or commitment for BNPPF and/or its subsidiaries, other than contracts entered in the ordinary 
course of business, during the two years immediately preceding publication of this Base Prospectus. 
18. 
Profit forecasts or estimates  
This Base Prospectus does not include any profit forecasts or estimates with regard to BNPPF. 
19. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section "Risk Factors relating to BNPPF" set out above under "Regulatory 
Risk" and under Note 8.a (Contingent liabilities: legal proceedings and arbitration) on page 142 in the 
BNPPF 2023 Annual Report (which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus), there have 
been no governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings during a period covering 12 months prior to 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on BNPPF's 
and/or the BNP Paribas Group's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
SECTION 17 - TAXATION 
Belgium  
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations of acquiring, holding and 
selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven. This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. In some cases, different rules may apply. 
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Mortgage Pandbrieven that are 
redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or redemption of such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption. 
Furthermore, this description is based on current legislation, published case law and other published 
guidelines and regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future 
amendments, which may or may not have retroactive effect. 
The prospective Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are urged to consult their own professional advisers 
with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven, taking into account 
their own particular circumstances and the possible impact of any regional, local or national laws. 
General 
For the purpose of the below summary, a Belgian resident is (i) an individual subject to Belgian personal 
income tax (i.e. an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or 
a person assimilated to a Belgian resident for purposes of Belgian tax law), (ii) a legal entity subject to 
Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a company that has its main establishment or its seat of effective 
management or control in Belgium and that is not excluded from corporate income tax), (iii) an 
Organisation for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a Belgian pension 
fund incorporated under the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (iv) a legal entity 
subject to Belgian income tax on legal entities (i.e. an entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate 
income tax, having its main establishment or its seat of effective management or control in Belgium). 
A Belgian non-resident is any person that is not a Belgian resident.  
For Belgian income tax purposes, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid 
by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or 
upon purchase by the Issuer), and (iii) if the Mortgage Pandbrieven qualify as "fixed income securities" 
(in the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992) in case of a sale of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven between two interest payment dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the 
pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. "Fixed income securities" are defined 
as bonds, specific debt certificates issued by banks (kasbon / bon de caisse) and other similar securities, 
including securities where income is capitalised or securities which do not generate a periodic payment 
of income but are issued with a discount corresponding to the capitalised interest up to the maturity date 
of the security. 
Belgian withholding tax 
General 
The interest component of payments on the Mortgage Pandbrieven made by or on behalf of the Issuer 
is as a rule subject to Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent. on the gross amount of 
such interest. Both Belgian domestic tax law and applicable tax treaties may provide for a lower or zero 
rate subject to certain conditions.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
Belgian interest withholding tax exemption for certain holders of Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (X/N withholding tax exemption)  
The holding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the X/N clearing system of the NBB (the Securities 
Settlement System) permits investors to collect interest on their Mortgage Pandbrieven free of Belgian 
withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are held by certain types of investors (the Eligible Investors, see below) in an exempt 
securities account (X-account) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or 
indirect participant (a Participant) in the Securities Settlement System of the Nationale Bank van 
België/Banque Nationale de Belgique. Euroclear and Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Mortgage Pandbrieven through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors 
to receive the interest income on their Mortgage Pandbrieven free of Belgian withholding tax and to 
transfer the Mortgage Pandbrieven on a gross basis.  
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
(as amended from time to time) on the deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 
over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à 
la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier), which include inter alia:  
(i) 
Belgian resident companies referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992 
(wetboek van inkomstenbelastingen 1992 / code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (BITC); 
(ii) 
Without prejudice to Article 262,1° and 5° of the BITC, the institutions, associations or 
companies referred to in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the control of insurance 
companies other than those referred to in 1° and 3°; 
(iii) 
Semi-governmental institutions (institutions parastatales / parastatale instellingen) for social 
security or institutions assimilated therewith, as referred to in Article 105, 2° of the Royal Decree 
of 27 August 1993 implementing the BITC (RD/BITC); 
(iv) 
Non-resident investors referred to in Article 105, 5° RD/BITC; 
(v) 
Investment funds referred to in Article 115 of the RD/BITC; 
(vi) 
Investors referred to in Article 227, 2° BITC, that are subject to non-resident income tax 
(belasting van niet-inwoners / impôt des non-résidents) in accordance with Article 233 of the 
BITC and which have used the Mortgage Pandbrieven for the exercise of their professional 
activities in Belgium; 
(vii) The Belgian State, in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in 
accordance with Article 265 BITC; 
(viii) Investment funds governed by foreign law (such as fonds de placement / beleggingsfondsen) that 
are an undivided estate managed by a management company for the account of the participants, 
provided the funds units are not publicly issued in Belgium or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident companies, not referred to under (i), whose sole or principal activity consists of 
the granting of credits and loans.

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident individuals and Belgian non-profit 
organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must keep the Mortgage Pandbrieven which they hold 
on behalf of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account (N-account). In such instance 
all payments of interest are subject to withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent. This withholding 
tax is withheld by the NBB from the interest payment and paid to the tax authorities. 
Transfers of Mortgage Pandbrieven between an X-account and an N-account give rise to certain 
adjustment payments on account of withholding tax: 
(i) 
A transfer from an N-account (to an X-account or N-account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transfering non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued interest calculated 
from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
(ii) 
A transfer from an X-account (or N-account) to an N-account gives rise to the refund by the NBB 
to the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued interest calculated from 
the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
(iii) 
Transfers of Mortgage Pandbrieven between two X-accounts do not give rise to any adjustment 
on account of withholding tax. 
When opening an X-account for the holding of Mortgage Pandbrieven, an Eligible Investor will be 
required to certify its eligible status on a standard form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance 
and send it to the participant to the Securities Settlement System where this account is kept (Reporting 
Requirement). This statement needs not be periodically reissued (although Eligible Investors must 
update their certification should their eligible status change). Participants to the Securities Settlement 
System are however required to annually report to the NBB as to the eligible status of each investor for 
whom they hold Mortgage Pandbrieven in an X-account during the preceding calendar year 
(Identification requirement). 
An X-Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven that such intermediary holds for the account of its clients, provided that such clients are 
Eligible Investors. In such case, the intermediary must certify to the Securities Settlement System 
Participant on a form approved by the Minister of Finance that (a) the intermediary itself is an Eligible 
Investor and (b) the relevant client holding its Mortgage Pandbrieven through the intermediary is also 
an Eligible Investor. 
These Reporting and Identification Requirements do not apply to Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven held by Eligible Investors with Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs acting as Participants to the Securities Settlement System, provided that they only hold X-
accounts and that they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
such account. In order for these Reporting and Identification Requirements not to apply, the Eligible 
Investors will need to confirm their status as Eligible Investor (as defined in Article 4 of the Koninklijk 
Besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/Arrêté Royal 
du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier (Royal Decree of 26 
May 1994 on the deduction and indemnification of withholding tax)) in the account agreement to be 
concluded with Euroclear or Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs. Moreover, the contracts 
concluded by Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities Milan, Italy,

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal or any other NBB investor (I)CSDs should contain the commitment 
that all of their clients-accountholders qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian interest withholding tax exemption for certain holders of Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
Payments of interest and principal by the Issuer under the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (except 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven and other Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven which provide for the 
capitalisation of interest) may be made without deduction of withholding tax provided that the following 
conditions are cumulatively met (Article 107, §2, 5°, b) and 8°, and Article 118, §1, 1°, 2° and 3° of the 
RD/BITC): 
(i) 
the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven are registered in the name of the holder with the Issuer 
during the entire relevant Interest Period; 
(ii) 
the 
holder 
is 
the 
legal 
owner 
(eigenaar/propriétaire) 
or 
usufructuary 
(vruchtgebruiker/usufruitier) of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which it is 
entitled to payment of interest, uninterruptedly for the entire relevant Interest Period;  
(iii) 
the holder is either (A) not resident for tax purposes in Belgium and does not use the income 
producing assets to exercise a business or professional activity in Belgium; or (B) a financial 
institution or institution which is assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 1º of the 
RD/BITC; or (C) a state regulated institution (parastatale/institution parastatale) for social 
security, or institution which is assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the 
RD/BITC; and 
(iv) 
upon each interest payment, the holder must provide the Issuer with an affidavit in which it is 
certified that the conditions mentioned above are complied with. 
If Belgian withholding tax was levied by the Issuer further to non-compliance of condition (ii) above, 
then the transferor and/or the transferee have the right, subject to certain time limitations and provided 
conditions (i) and (iii) are fulfilled, to file a claim with the Belgian tax authorities to request a refund of 
Belgian withholding tax on the pro rata amount of interest attributable to them (Article 119, §1 of the 
RD/BITC). 
Belgian income tax and capital gains 
Belgian resident individuals 
For individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to the Belgian personal 
income tax (Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), payment of the 30 per cent. interest 
withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal income tax liability with respect to interest 
received on the Mortgage Pandbrieven (précompte mobilier libératoire/bevrijdende roerende 
voorheffing). This means that they do not have to report the interest obtained from the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in their personal income tax return, provided that Belgian withholding tax was in fact 
levied on the interest. 
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to report the interest in their personal income tax 
return. Where the beneficiary opts to report the interest, interest payments will normally be taxed at a 
separate tax rate of 30 per cent. (or at the progressive personal tax rates taking into account the taxpayer's 
other reported income, whichever is more beneficial). If the interest payment is reported, the Belgian 
withholding tax retained may be credited in accordance with the applicable legal provisions.

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle tax exempt, unless the 
capital gains are realised outside the scope of the management of the transferor’s private estate or unless 
the capital gains qualify as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Different tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Mortgage Pandbrieven as 
a private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporate Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who are Belgian residents for tax 
purposes, i.e. who are subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting / impôt des 
sociétés), as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are taxable at the 
ordinary corporate income tax rate of, in principle, 25 per cent. As an exception, small and medium-
sized enterprises may be taxable at a lower rate of 20 per cent. on the first EUR 100,000 of their taxable 
base. Any Belgian interest withholding tax retained will generally, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and the excess amount will be refundable. Capital losses 
realised upon disposal of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC.  
Other Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des 
personnes morales) which do not qualify as Eligible Investors and/or which do not hold the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven through an X-account in the Securities Settlement System are subject to a withholding tax 
of 30 per cent. on any interest payments received under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Such withholding 
tax then generally constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant beneficiaries. 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors and which hold the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
through an X-account in the Securities Settlement System, and which consequently have received gross 
interest income on the Mortgage Pandbrieven are required to report and to pay the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities themselves. Capital gains realised on the transfer of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle tax exempt, unless and to the extent the capital gains qualify as 
interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Organisation for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (OFP) in the meaning of the 
Law of 27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement 
provision, are in principle not included in the OFP’s corporate income tax base and are therefore, as a 
rule, not subject to corporate income tax at the level of the latter. Subject to certain conditions, the 
Belgian withholding tax that may have been levied on the interest due under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
Belgian non-residents 
Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax 
purposes and are not holding the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven through a Belgian 
establishment, do not invest the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven in the course of their Belgian 
professional activity and are not carrying out any activities in Belgium that exceed that normal 
management of one’s private estate, will not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership or disposal of the Dematerialized Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and hold their Dematerialized Mortgage 
Pandbrieven through an X-account in the Securities Settlement System. 
If the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven are not entered into an X-account by the Eligible Investor, 
withholding tax on the interest is in principle applicable at the current rate of 30 per cent., possibly 
reduced pursuant to Belgian domestic tax law or applicable tax treaties, on the gross amount of the 
interest. 
A non-resident company having allocated the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven to the exercise of 
a professional activity in Belgium through a Belgian establishment is subject to in substance the same 
rules as a Belgian resident company (see above). 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are 
not holding the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven through a Belgian establishment, do not invest the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven in the course of their Belgian professional activity and do not carry 
out any other activities in Belgium that exceed the normal management of one’s private estate will not 
incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, 
ownership or disposal of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, save, as the case may be, in the form 
of withholding tax. 
Exchange of information: Common Reporting Standard 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (CRS). On 7 March 
2024, 122 jurisdictions signed the MCAA, which is a multilateral framework agreement to 
automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges 
coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
49 jurisdictions, including Belgium, have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to 
the first automatic information exchanges in 2017, relating to income year 2016 (early adopters). More 
than 50 jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as from 2018, two jurisdictions as from 
2019, three jurisdictions as from 2020, three jurisdictions as from 2021, two jurisdictions as from 2022, 
three jurisdictions as from 2023 and two jurisdictions as from September 2024. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made 
with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities 
(which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard 
includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative 
cooperation in direct taxation (DAC2), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial 
information between EU Member States as provided in the CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive 
on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, per the Law of 16 December 
2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and 
by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an 
international level and for tax purposes.

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies 
in Belgium (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member 
States (including Austria, irrespective the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria 
towards other EU Member States only started as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first 
information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii), with respect to any other jurisdictions that have 
signed the MCAA, as of a date to be further determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 
2017, as amended, it was determined that the automatic provision of information has to be provided as 
from 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of 18 jurisdictions, and as from 2018 (for the 2017 
financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions. For Nigeria, information is exchanged as of income 
year 2018 (first information exchange in 2019) and for another list of 6 countries, the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information applies as of income year 2019 (first information exchange in 2020). 
Finally, for Jamaica and Thailand, information is exchanged as of income year 2022 (first information 
exchange in 2023). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are subject to DAC2. Therefore, Belgian financial institutions holding 
Mortgage Pandbrieven for tax residents in another CRS contracting state shall report financial 
information regarding the Mortgage Pandbrieven (income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian 
competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the state of 
the tax residence of the beneficial owner.  
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions  
A tax on stock exchange transactions (beurstaks/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) is due on the 
purchase and sale (and any other transaction for consideration) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on a 
secondary market if such transaction is either concluded or carried out in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary. The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in Belgium through a professional intermediary is 0.12%. with a maximum amount of 
EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any such 
transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional 
intermediary. The acquisition of Mortgage Pandbrieven upon their issuance (primary market) is not 
subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
Following the Law of 25 December 2016, the scope of application of the tax on stock exchange 
transactions has been extended as of 1 January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the 
order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside Belgium by (i) a 
private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or 
establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a Belgian Investor). In such a scenario, the tax on stock 
exchange transactions is due by the Belgian Investor (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock 
exchange tax return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due), unless the 
Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid 
by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In such a case, the foreign professional 
intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction 
concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate 
must be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying daytoday 
listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium 
could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (Stock Exchange Tax Representative). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then 
be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions due and for complying 
with the reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel)

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange 
transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock 
exchange transactions. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional 
investors as defined in Article 126/1 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Code des droits 
et taxes divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen). 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (FTT). The Draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the Participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions 
other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 
on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should 
thus be abolished if and once the FTT enters into force. The Draft Directive is still subject to negotiation 
between the Participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. The Draft Directive 
is further described below (see the section entitled “Financial Transaction Tax”). 
Value Added Tax 
Pursuant to Article 44, §3, 10°, of the Belgian Value Added Tax Code, the transactions, including the 
negotiation, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are exempt from value added tax, with the exception of 
custody and management activities. 
Exchange of information: FATCA (U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act) 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) impose a new 
reporting regime with respect to certain payments to any non-U.S. financial institutions (a "foreign 
financial institution", or FFI (as defined by FATCA)) (i) in a jurisdiction that has not signed an 
intergovernmental agreement (IGA) or (ii) in a jurisdiction that has not reached agreements in substance 
and that did not become a Participating FFI by entering into an agreement with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service (IRS) and is not otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA. The 
list of approved jurisdictions and jurisdictions that have reached agreements in substance can be 
consulted 
on 
the 
IRS’ 
website: 
http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/tax-
policy/treaties/Pages/FATCA-Archive.aspx. The Issuer is classified as a reporting Model 1 FFI. The 
information contained on the website of the U.S. Internal Revenue Services (www.treasury.gov) does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The new withholding regime was phased in beginning 1 July 2014 for payments from sources within 
the United States and will thus not apply to foreign passthru payments. In a later phase, it might be 
possible that withholding would apply to foreign passthru payments.  
In execution of the FATCA legislation, an Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) was signed on 23 April 
2014 between Belgium and the United States and a Belgian law implementing the FATCA legislation 
was adopted by the Belgian legislator (Wet tot regeling van de mededeling van inlichtingen betreffende 
financiële rekeningen, door de Belgische financiële instellingen en de FOD Financiën in het kader van 
automatische uitwisseling van inlichtingen op internationaal niveau en voor belastingdoeleinden/Loi 
réglant la communication des renseignements relatifs aux comptes financiers, par les institutions 
financières belges et le SPF Finances, dans le cadre d'un échange automatique de renseignements au 
niveau international et à des fins fiscales of 16 December 2015). This law implies that Belgian financial 
institutions holding the Mortgage Pandbrieven for “U.S. accountholders” and for “Non-U.S. owned

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
passive Non Financial Foreign entities” shall report financial information regarding the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate 
the information to the U.S. tax authorities. 
FATCA is particularly complex. The above description is based in part on regulations, official 
guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or may be implemented in a 
materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these 
rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY 
NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN 
TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF 
AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THE 
TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE 
PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED 
HEREIN; AND (C) THE TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE 
TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISER. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the Participating Member States). On 8 December 2015, Estonia however expressed its 
intention not to introduce the FTT.  
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could apply to certain dealings in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Mortgage Pandbrieven should, however, be exempt.  
Under the proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
The Issuer is a financial institution incorporated in Belgium and therefore financial institutions 
worldwide may be subject to the FTT when dealing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Joint statements issued by the Participating Member States indicate an intention to implement the FTT 
progressively, such that it would initially apply to shares and certain derivatives. The FTT, as initially 
implemented on this basis, may not apply to dealings in the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
The proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
timing and scope of any such tax remains unclear. The proposed FTT may still be abandoned or 
repealed. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
The commission stated in the framework of the MFF/Own Resources negotiations that “If there is no 
agreement by end of 2022, the Commission will, based on impact assessments, propose a new own

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
resource, based on a new Financial Transaction Tax. The Commission shall endeavour to make these 
proposals by June 2024 in view of its introduction by 1 January 2026.” 
In a commission staff working document of 20 June 2023, it is stated that the prospects of reaching an 
agreement in the future are limited and that there is little expectation that any proposal would be agreed 
in the short term. 
Given the lack of certainty surrounding the proposals and their implementation, it is not possible to 
predict what effect the proposed FTT might have on the business of the Issuer; it could materially 
adversely affect its business. Prospective Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are strongly advised to seek 
their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021 on the introduction of an annual tax on securities 
accounts, an annual tax is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve 
consecutive months starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher 
than EUR 1,000,000. 
The tax is equal to 0.15% of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. The 
reference period normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The taxable 
base is determined based on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. 
The amount of the tax is limited to 10% of the difference between the taxable base and the threshold of 
EUR 1,000,000.  
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, 
irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary that is established or 
located in Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-residents 
individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in 
Belgium. Belgian establishments from Belgian non-residents are, however, treated as Belgian residents 
for purposes of the annual tax on securities accounts so that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts 
fall within the scope of this tax. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each 
holder shall be jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the 
declaration requirements for all holders.  
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities 
for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank 
and foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in 
Article 198/1, §6, 12° of the BITC, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by Article 
1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment 
companies and (vi) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 
on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio 
management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold 
financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or 
located in Belgium. Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by 
the holder of the securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on 
securities accounts has already been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
established or located in Belgium. In that respect, intermediaries located or established outside of 
Belgium could appoint an annual tax on securities accounts representative in Belgium. Such a 
representative is then liable towards the Belgian Treasury ("Thesaurie/Trésorerie") for the annual tax 
on securities accounts due and for complying with certain reporting obligations in that respect. If the 
holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for reporting obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident 
holds a securities account abroad with an average value higher than EUR 1,000,000), the deadline for 
filing the tax return for the annual tax on securities accounts corresponded until recently with the 
deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes electronically, irrespective 
whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the latter case, the annual tax on 
securities accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year following the year on which 
the tax was calculated, at the latest. For returns for which the reference period ends 30 September 2023 
or later, if the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for reporting obligations, the deadline for 
filing the tax return for the annual tax on securities accounts is 15 July of the year following the year 
on which the tax was calculated and the tax must be paid by 31 August of the same year. 
The law also provides for certain anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying as from 30 October 2020: 
a rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. The latter 
cover (i) the splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held with the same 
intermediary and (ii) the conversion of taxable financial instruments held on a securities account, into 
registered financial instruments. In the meantime, the Constitutional Court has annulled in its decision 
of 27 October 2022 (n° 138/2022) the two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions, and the retroactive 
application of the general anti-abuse provision as from 30 October 2020, meaning that the latter can 
only apply as from 26 February 2021. 
It is expected that the value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven will have to be taken into account in 
determining the value of a securities account. 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to follow up and to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to this new annual Tax on Securities Accounts and the possible impact thereof on their own 
personal tax position.

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
SECTION 18 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
The Dealer, in a programme agreement dated on or about the date hereof (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time the Programme Agreement), will agree with the Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” 
and “Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” above. In the Programme Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealer for certain of its expenses in connection with the establishment 
of the Programme and the issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.  
Selling restrictions 
General 
The Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Mortgage Pandbrieven under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries. None of the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer nor the Dealer represents that Mortgage Pandbrieven may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
In particular (but without limiting the generality of the above), subject to any amendment or supplement 
which may be agreed with the Issuer in respect of the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer has agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, to comply with the 
following provisions except to the extent that, as a result of any change in, or the official interpretation 
of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-compliance would not result in any breach of the 
applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the MIFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in Belgium. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA where the Prospectus Regulation is applicable (each a 
Relevant Member State), the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including the 
date on which the Prospectus Regulation entered into force, it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven with a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Relevant Member State. 
United States 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been or will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
as amended (the Securities Act) and the Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Mortgage Pandbrieven of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent by the 
relevant Dealer, or, in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Mortgage Pandbrieven during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven within the United States by any dealer may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer reserve the right to reject 
any offer to purchase the Mortgage Pandbrieven, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base 
Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person 
within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure of any of its contents without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is 
prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available  any  Mortgage  Pandbrieven  which  are  the  subject  of  the  
offering  contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the  purposes  of  this  provision,  the  expression  retail  
investor  means  a  person  who  is  one  (or  more) of  the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the UK FSMA 2000) to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven which have a maturity of less than one year from the 
date of issuance, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any such Mortgage Pandbrieven other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issuance of the Mortgage Pandbrieven would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the UK FSMA 2000 by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the UK FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issuance 
or sale of any Mortgage Pandbrieven in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the UK FSMA 
2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the UK FSMA 2000 with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be acquired by a Belgian or foreign transferee who is not 
subject to income tax or who is, as far as interest income is concerned, subject to a tax regime that is 
deemed by the Belgian tax authorities to be significantly more advantageous than the common Belgian 
tax regime applicable to interest income (within the meaning of Articles 54 and 198, §1, 11° of the 
Belgian Income Tax Code 1992) or who is resident or established, or is acting through a bank account 
held in a tax haven country or a low-tax jurisdiction (within the meaning of Article 307, §1/2 of the 
Belgian Income Tax Code 1992). 
Switzerland 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or 
from Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or 
regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven constitutes a prospectus as such term is 
understood pursuant to Article 652a or Article 1156 of the Swiss Federal Code of Obligations or a 
listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd., and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Japan 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act”). Accordingly, the Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or 
indirectly offered, or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations 
of Japan.

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
 
 
SECTION 19 – GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
85% Asset Coverage Test, 10, 70, 104 
Accrual Yield, 104 
Adjourned Meeting, 160 
Agency Agreement, 103 
Agents, 103, 138 
All Sums Mortgage, 44, 92 
Amortised Face Amount, 132 
Annuity Residential Mortgage Loan, 91 
Asset Coverage Percentage, 104 
Banking Law, 1, 56, 105 
Base Prospectus, 1, 105 
Basic Term Change, 143 
Belgian Company Code, 105 
Belgian Covered Bond, 56 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, 58, 105 
Belgian Pandbrief, 57 
BITC, 229 
Block Voting Instruction, 143 
BNP Paribas Fortis, 1, 102 
BNPPF, 1 
Business Day, 105 
Calculation Agency Agreement, 105 
Calculation Agent, 5, 105, 119 
Clearing Services Agreement, 103 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 1, 16, 100, 116 
Code, 128 
Collections, 63 
Commercial Mortgage Loans, 67 
Commercial real estate, 67 
Competent Authority, 5, 102 
Conditions, 14, 102, 143, 167 
Cover Asset Adequacy Test, 10, 105 
Cover Assets, 105 
Cover Pool Administrator, 6, 64, 105 
Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree, 57, 
105 
Cover Pool Creditors, 106 
Cover Pool Monitor, 6, 75, 106 
Cover Register, 73, 106 
Cover Tests, 10, 106 
Covered Bond Law, 56 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree, 57, 106 
Credit Facility, 45, 92 
Credit Institutions Insolvency Directive, 46 
Day Count Fraction, 106 
Dealer, 6 
Dealers, 6 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, 1, 
14, 100, 108, 115 
Designated Maturity, 119 
Determination Date, 108 
Determination Period, 108 
Domiciliary Agent, 6, 103 
Early Redemption Amount, 108 
ECB Eligible, 108 
EEA, 16 
Eligible Investor, 108 
Eligible Investors, 229 
EURIBOR, 119 
Euro, 108 
Euroclear, 1, 16, 100, 101, 116, 128, 142, 183, 
229, 230, 247 
Eurozone, 119 
Event of Default, 11, 108, 136 
Excess Swap Collateral, 109 
Exempt Investor, 109, 135 
Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven, 53, 102 
Existing Programme, 1, 102 
Extended Maturity Date, 11, 40 
Extraordinary Resolution, 109, 143 
Final Redemption Amount, 109 
Final Terms, 1, 13, 102 
Fixed Day Count Fraction, 109 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, 14 
Floating Rate, 119 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, 14 
Floating Rate Option, 119 
FSMA, 1, 16, 246 
General Authorisation, 59 
General Description, 5 
General Estate, 63, 111 
Hedging Agreements, 88, 103 
Hedging Counterparties, 88, 103 
Hedging Counterparty, 6

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
Holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven, 112 
Independent Source, 52 
Initial Term, 85 
Interest Amount, 121 
Interest Basis, 117 
Interest Commencement Date, 14, 111 
Interest Determination Date, 111 
Interest Payment Date, 111 
Interest Period, 111 
Interest Period End Date, 112 
Interest-Only Residential Mortgage Loan, 
91 
Investment Insurance Policy, 91 
Investor Report, 9, 118 
Investor Report Date, 9, 118 
ISDA Definitions, 119 
ISDA Determination, 119 
ISDA Rate, 119 
Issue Date, 14, 112 
Issue Price, 14 
Issuer, 1, 6, 102 
Junior Liquidity Amount, 112 
Linear Residential Mortgage Loan, 91 
Liquidity Facility Agreements, 89, 104 
Liquidity Facility Provider, 6 
Liquidity Facility Providers, 89, 104 
Liquidity Test, 10, 70, 112 
Listing Agent, 6, 103 
Margin, 15, 112 
Maturity Date, 10 
Maximum Rate of Interest, 112 
Meeting Rules, 112, 140, 143 
MiFID, 1, 16 
Minimum Rate of Interest, 112 
Mobilisation Law, 58, 112 
Monte Titoli, Italy, 16, 100, 116 
Mortgage, 7 
Mortgage Act, 79 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, 1, 8, 103 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, 112 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders 
Representative Agreement, 103 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders’ 
Representative, 78, 81, 103 
N-account, 230 
NBB, 5, 100, 102 
NBB Cover Pool Monitor Circular, 58 
NBB Covered Bonds Circular, 58 
Non-Retained Programme, 8 
Notice of Default, 11, 113, 136 
OECD, 67 
OFP, 232 
Operational Creditors, 7, 113 
Ordinary Resolution, 113, 143 
Other Cover Pool Creditors, 113 
Over-Collateralisation Test, 10, 70, 113 
Participant, 229 
Participating Member States, 236 
Paying Agent, 7, 103 
Payment Day, 128 
Power of Attorney, 155 
Principal Amount Outstanding, 113 
Priority of Payments, 12, 137 
Programme, 1, 8, 102 
Programme Agreement, 239 
Programme Documents, 80, 104 
Programme Resolution, 113, 144 
Prospectus Regulation, 1, 2, 5, 16, 18, 52, 53, 
54, 98, 102, 166, 167, 168, 179, 183, 240, 
246, 247 
Rate of Interest, 113 
Rating Agency, 7, 113 
RD/BITC, 229 
Recognised Accountholder, 144 
Reconstitution Insurance Policy, 91 
Reconstitution Residential Mortgage Loan, 
91 
Record Date, 113, 128 
Reference Banks, 113 
Reference Price, 114 
Reference Rate, 114 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, 1, 14, 
100, 114, 115 
Registrar, 100, 103 
Related Security, 114 
Relevant Date, 135 
Relevant Member State, 240 
Renewal Period, 85 
Report, 150 
Reset Date, 119 
Residential Mortgage Loans, 67, 114 
Residential real estate, 67 
Resolution, 114, 144 
Savings Insurance Policy, 91

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
Screen Rate Determination, 114, 120 
Securities Act, 240 
Securities Settlement System, 16, 100, 114, 
116, 229 
Series, 13, 102 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding, 114 
Settlement System Regulations, 114 
SIX SIS, Switzerland, 16, 100, 116 
Special Estate, 63, 114 
Special Estate Administration Agreement, 
103 
Special Estate Administration Terms, 86, 
103 
Specific Authorisation, 59 
Specified Currency, 114 
Specified Denomination, 117 
Specified Office, 114 
Specified Time, 114 
Stabilising Manager(s), 55 
Statutory Tests, 10, 114 
Subordinated Termination Payment, 114 
Subscription Agreement, 86 
Sub-unit, 115 
Taxes, 134 
Tranche, 13, 102 
Treaty, 115 
UCITS Directive, 56 
UK FSMA 2000, 241 
Undertaking of the Issuer with regard to 
Liquidity of the Special Estate, 118 
VAT, 115 
Voting Certificate, 144 
Winding-up Proceedings, 115 
X-account, 229 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, 15

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
SECTION 20 – GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The update of the Programme and the issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) of the Issuer dated 7 February 2024.  
Listing and admission to trading of Mortgage Pandbrieven  
This document constitutes a listing base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
has been approved by the Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële 
Diensten en Markten/Autorité des services et marchés financiers) (the FSMA). This approval is not and 
should not be considered to be a judgement as to the appropriateness or the merits of any issue under 
the Programme, nor of the situation of the Issuer. 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Brussels. Application may also be made for Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on another market that is also a regulated market. 
The Programme also permits Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued on the basis that they (i) will not be 
admitted to listing, trading or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or (ii) will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other of further listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed by the Issuer. References in 
this Base Prospectus to Mortgage Pandbrieven being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that the Mortgage Pandbrieven have been listed on Euronext Brussels and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Brussels’ regulated market or on another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Documents available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available during normal business hours at the statutory seat of the Issuer and from 
the specified office of the Paying Agent (where applicable, with an English translation thereof): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Special Estate Administration Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement; and 
(v) 
the Agency Agreement (including its Schedules). 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-pandbrief-programme) 
and 
during normal business hours at the statutory seat of the Issuer: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus, including any information incorporated by reference herein; 
(ii) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023; and

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
(iii) 
any base prospectuses, information documents, supplements (in each case, including any 
information incorporated by reference therein) and Final Terms relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are listed on Euronext Brussels or offered in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation (whether or not listed on Euronext Brussels). 
Other information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference herein, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Copies of each Final Terms (together with the relevant Base Prospectus) relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are either admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or offered in any other Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available for 
viewing in accordance with Article 21(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and the rules and regulations of 
the relevant regulated market. Copies of each Final Terms relating to any other Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(together with the relevant Base Prospectus) will only be available for viewing by a holder of such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven upon production of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to the identity of such 
holder. 
Copies of any regulated information (as defined in Directive 2004/109/EC of 15 December 2004 on the 
harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended) published by the Issuer since the date falling 
twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, can be obtained on STORI, the Belgian official 
mechanism for storage of regulated information held by the FSMA, on the website https://stori.fsma.be. 
Information on the STORI website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information 
is incorporated by reference herein, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Financial Statements 
As at 31 December 2023, Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren BV / Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL, represented by 
Yves Dehogne, is the sole statutory auditor of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. Yves Dehogne is a member 
of the Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren (IBR)/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises (IRE). 
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023 of BNPPF have been audited by 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren BV / Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL, represented by Yves Dohogne, Partner, 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 J Zaventem Belgium, in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An 
unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial statements was issued on 25 March 2024.  
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 of BNPPF have been audited by PwC 
Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL, represented by Jeroen Bockaert, Partner, Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem, 
in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements was issued on 27 March 2023. 
Clearing Systems 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven have been accepted for clearance through the Securities 
Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Italy, Euronext Securities Porto, Portugal or will be accepted through any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
The address of the NBB is De Berlaimontlaan 14, 1000 Brussels, the address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard 
du Roi Albert III, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Germany is Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany, the address of SIX SIS, Switzerland is 
SIX SIS Ltd, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4600 Olten, the address of Euronext Securities Milan, Italy is 
Monte Titoli S.p.A., Piazza degli Affari, 6, Milan MI 20123 and the address of Euronext Securities 
Porto, Portugal is Av. Da Boavista 3433, 4100-078 Porto. The address of any alternative clearing system 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, 
which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
being issued. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer will provide Investor Reports detailing, among other things, compliance with the Statutory 
Tests. 
This 
information 
will 
be 
available 
at 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-pandbrief-programme). The Investor 
Reports are not incorporated in and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and they have not been 
and will not be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
 
THE ISSUER 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV  
Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
DOMICILIARY, PAYING AND LISTING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV  
Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
 
Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Mr. David De Schacht 3391 Tielt-Winge, Kapellekensweg 57 
and Mr. Jurgen De Raedemaeker 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
 
To the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer as to Belgian law 
 
Stibbe BV 
Loksumstraat 25 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer 
 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren/Réviseurs d’Entreprises BV  
Gateway Building, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 J 
1930 Zaventem  
Belgium