--- Page 1 ---
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium)  
(legal entity identifier: KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647) 
EUR 20,000,000,000  
Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme  
Under this Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme (the Programme), BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (the Issuer or BNP Paribas Fortis or 
BNPPF) may from time to time issue belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges (Mortgage Pandbrieven) in accordance with the provisions 
of the law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision of the credit institutions and stockbroking firms, as amended from time to time 
(the Banking Law) and its implementing royal decrees and regulations, on the issuance of Belgian covered bonds. The minimum specified 
denomination of each Mortgage Pandbrief is EUR 100,000.  
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
and has been approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des 
services et marchés financiers) (the FSMA), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA only approves this prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme to be listed on the regulated market 
of Euronext Brussels  (Euronext Brussels). Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, MiFID II). The 
Programme also permits Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued on the basis that they (i) will not be admitted to listing, trading or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or (ii) will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed by the Issuer.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Mortgage Pandbrieven being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven have been listed on and admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels, on the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Brussels, 
or on any other regulated market or multilateral trading facility (in each case as defined in MiFID II), as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(as defined below), and in each case without prejudice and subject to the requirement to publish or notify a (base) prospectus in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation (as the case may be). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Programme are intended to be issued to (i) BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and/or any direct or indirect 
subsidiary of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or (ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas Group. This Programme is to be distinguished from and 
has been created in addition to the existing EUR 10,000,000,000 Residential Mortgage Pandbrieven programme of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
which was initially established on 16 September 2016, as amended from time to time (the Non-Retained Programme). 
An investment in Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk 
Factors”. Investors should review and consider these risk factors carefully before purchasing any Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued in dematerialised form (the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven) or in registered form (the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven). Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be represented by a book-entry in the records of the clearing 
system operated by the NBB or any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement System). Access to the Securities Settlement System is 
available through its participants, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (Clearstream, 
Germany), and certain others.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven, interest (if any) payable in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the issue price 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven”) of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms). Final Terms with respect to 
Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed on Euronext Brussels, will be filed with the FSMA and published on the website of the Issuer (see Section 
19 (General Information) – Documents Available). 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 December 2020. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of one year from its date of approval, i.e. until 
1 December 2021. The obligation to publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus (as referred to above) no longer applies after the expiry of 
the validity period of this Base Prospectus, even if important new factors, material mistakes or material imprecisions are discovered. 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV

--- Page 2 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) 
or in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive or IDD), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Mortgage Pandbrieven issued 
under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold to or otherwise made available to and will not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available by any Dealer to any “consumer” (consument / 
consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht 
/ Code de droit économique) dated 28 February 2013 (as amended, the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which channels for 
distribution of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Mortgage Pandbrieven (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Mortgage Pandbrieven is a manufacturer in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation). If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES IN THE U.S. OR TO U.S. PERSONS – The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended

--- Page 3 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
3 
(the Securities Act), or any U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not 
subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws 
(see “Subscription and Sale”). 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION – In this Base Prospectus, all references to Euro, EUR and 
€ refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.

--- Page 4 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
4 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Section 
Page 
Section 1 – General description of the Programme ........................................................................... 5 
Section 2 – Risk Factors .................................................................................................................. 22 
1. Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations ...................................................... 22 
2. Risks relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven ................................................................... 40 
3. Risks relating to the Special Estate and the Cover Assets .............................................. 45 
Section 3 – Important Information ................................................................................................... 54 
Section 4 – Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations ................................................... 58 
Section 5 – Description of Principal Documents ............................................................................. 77 
Section 6 – Cover Assets ................................................................................................................. 86 
Section 7 – Documents incorporated by reference and supplements to this Base Prospectus ......... 91 
Section 8 – General description of the Mortgage Pandbrieven ........................................................ 96 
Section 9 – Form of the Mortgage Pandbrieven .............................................................................. 97 
Section 10 – Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven ................................................. 99 
Section 11 – Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders .............................................. 138 
Section 12 – Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................. 159 
Section 13 – Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................... 177 
Section 14 – Overview of Belgian housing and mortgage market ................................................. 178 
Section 15 – Description of the Issuer ........................................................................................... 183 
Section 16 – Taxation .................................................................................................................... 211 
Section 17 – Subscription and Sale ................................................................................................ 220 
Section 18 – Glossary of defined terms ......................................................................................... 224 
Section 19 – General information .................................................................................................. 227

--- Page 5 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
5 
SECTION 1 – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is the general description of the Programme and the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the General 
Description) referred to in Article 25(1)(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. It does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of 
any particular Series or Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven or the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer 
may also from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme which are subject to 
terms and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus or under a different 
prospectus, information document or drawdown prospectus. The relevant (form of) terms and 
conditions (and, if applicable, final terms) will, in such circumstances, be set out in a schedule to the 
Agency Agreement (as the same may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to 
time).  
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this General Description. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas Fortis 
Auditor 
PwC Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Damien Walgrave with its 
registered office at Woluwe Garden, Woluwedal 18, 1932 Zaventem, 
registered with the Crossroad Bank for Enterprises under number RPM/RPR 
0429.501.944, Business Court of Brussels. 
Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis or any other calculation agent appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Calculation Agent). 
Competent 
Authority 
De Nationale Bank van België/La Banque Nationale de Belgique, a public 
company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of Belgium, with 
registered office at De Berlaimontlaan 14, 1000 Brussels, registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number RPM/RPR 0203.201.340, 
Business Court of Brussels (the NBB or the Competent Authority). 
Cover Pool 
Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent auditors and accountants, not being the 
statutory auditor of the Issuer for the time being, appointed pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement as an independent cover pool monitor 
(portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de portefeuille) (i) to issue periodic reports 
to the NBB on compliance by the Issuer with the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations (as defined herein), (ii) assume the responsibilities as specified 
under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and the NBB Cover Pool 
Monitor, and (iii) to review the Statutory Tests both as provided for in the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and in accordance with the requirements 
of the NBB.  
The initial Cover Pool Monitor will be David De Schacht, accredited auditor 
for financial institutions, domiciled at 3391 Tielt-Winge, Attenrodestraat 43 
and Jurgen De Raedemaeker, accredited auditor for financial institutions, 
domiciled at 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42, acting jointly and severally (the 
Cover Pool Monitor).  
For further information see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations" and "Description of Principal Documents" below.

--- Page 6 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
6 
Cover Pool 
Administrator 
In accordance with Article 8, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the NBB 
may designate a cover pool administrator in certain circumstances including 
(i) upon the adoption of a reorganisation measure against the Issuer if such 
measure, in the opinion of the NBB, may negatively affect the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders, (ii) upon the initiation of winding-up proceedings 
against the Issuer, (iii) upon the removal of the Issuer from the list of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issuers or (iv) in circumstances where the situation of the Issuer 
is such that it may seriously affect the interest of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders (the Cover Pool Administrator). 
For further information see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations" and "Description of Principal Documents" below. 
Dealer 
BNP Paribas Fortis and such other dealers appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement (each, a Dealer and together, the 
Dealers). The Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued on a continuing basis to 
one or more of such Dealers. 
Domiciliary Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis (the Domiciliary Agent). 
Hedging 
Counterparties 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into Hedging 
Agreements with various swap providers to hedge certain risks (including, but 
not limited to, interest rate, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets 
and/or the Mortgage Pandbrieven (each a Hedging Counterparty).  
Issuer 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (also referred to as BNP Paribas Fortis or the 
Issuer), a credit institution existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium, 
with its registered office at 1000 Brussels, Montagne du Parc 3, registered with 
the Crossroad Bank for enterprises under number RPM 0403.199.702, 
Commercial Court of Brussels and with Legal Entity Identifier: 
KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. 
Liquidity Facility 
Provider 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into Liquidity 
Facility Agreements with one or more liquidity facility providers (each a 
Liquidity Facility Provider) in order to improve the liquidity of the Special 
Estate. 
Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis (the Listing Agent) in case the Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
listed on Euronext Brussels.  
For Mortgage Pandbrieven listed on another market, the listing agent will be 
identified in the Final Terms. 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders’ 
Representative  
Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative has been 
appointed as representative (vertegenwoordiger/représentant) of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law (the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative). 
Other Cover Pool 
Creditors 
Means the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, any Cover Pool 
Administrator, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Hedging 
Counterparties (if any), the Registrar, any Liquidity Facility Providers (if any) 
and any Operational Creditors. 
Operational 
Creditors 
Means any servicer appointed to service the Cover Assets, any account bank 
appointed to hold accounts of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate, any

--- Page 7 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
7 
stock exchange on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed and/or admitted 
to trading, any auditor, legal counsel and tax advisor of the Issuer in relation 
to the Special Estate or the Programme, any custodian of Cover Assets or assets 
in the Special Estate, any rating agency appointed by the Issuer to rate the 
Programme or the Mortgage Pandbrieven, any agent or party appointed in 
accordance with the Programme Documents, any other creditor of amounts due 
in connection with the management and administration of the Special Estate 
and any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any services provided or any 
transaction entered into in connection with the Special Estate or the 
Programme and notified to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
or as may from time to time be specified in the Terms and Conditions of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis or as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Paying Agent). 
Rating Agency 
Means such internationally recognised rating agency (the Rating Agency) as 
may from time to time be appointed to rate the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued 
under the Programme. The Issuer may, from time to time, request for the 
withdrawal of a previously assigned rating of a Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven by a Rating Agency and/or the appointment of a different Rating 
Agency to assign a rating to a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in issue or about 
to be issued. The Issuer may also terminate the appointment of any Rating 
Agency to rate the Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme at any time. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s France SAS (Moody’s) has been 
appointed to provide ratings for those Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven which 
are to be rated. 
Registrar (for 
Registered 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) 
BNP Paribas Fortis, or any other party to be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The initial Registrar will be BNP Paribas Fortis. 
The Registrar will be responsible for maintaining a register for the Registration 
of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven which shall show the principal amount 
of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (as well as their date of issue and the 
Special Estate relating to such Registered Mortgage Pandbrief), in accordance 
with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code. The Registrar will 
cancel any redeemed Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The parties listed above are appointed to act in respect of the Programme pursuant to the 
Programme Documents as further described under the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Description of Principal Documents” below. The relevant Programme Documents provide that 
other parties may be appointed from time to time and contain certain provisions in relation to the 
replacement of the above-mentioned parties. 
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION 
Description 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV EUR 20,000,000,000 Retained Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Programme (the Programme) is a programme for the continuous 
issue of belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges (the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations.  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Programme are intended to be issued to 
(i) BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary of BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or (ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas Group. The 
Programme is to be distinguished from and is created in addition to the existing

--- Page 8 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
8 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Residential Mortgage Pandbrieven programme of BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV which was established on 16 September 2016 (the Non-
Retained Programme). 
The NBB has admitted the Programme to the list of authorised programmes 
for the issue of Belgian covered bonds on 23 October 2018. The NBB will 
regularly update such list, upon notification by the Issuer, with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme and will indicate that the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven constitute belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges under the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
The NBB has approved the increase of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Programme from EUR 10,000,000,000 to EUR 20,000,000,000 on 24 
November 2020. 
NBB licence to 
issue Belgian 
Covered Bonds 
The NBB has admitted the Issuer to the list of credit institutions that are 
authorised to issue covered bonds on 9 February 2016. 
Belgian Covered 
Bond 
Regulations 
 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued pursuant to the Belgian Covered 
Bond Regulations. The Belgian Covered Bond Regulations are the following 
laws and implementing regulations:  
(i) 
the Banking Law;  
(ii) 
the Mobilisation Law; 
(iii) 
the Covered Bonds Royal Decree; 
(iv) 
the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree; 
(v) 
the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation; and  
(vi) 
the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation. 
For further information on the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, see 
“Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations” below. 
Programme 
Amount 
EUR 20,000,000,000 outstanding at any time as described herein. The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Programme Agreement.  
Status of the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued as Belgian mortgage pandbrieven 
(belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations and will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will rank 
(i) pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves, 
irrespective of their Series and (ii) at least pari passu with all other present and 
future outstanding unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by law that are both mandatory and of general 
assumption. In addition, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be covered in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations by the Special Estate 
and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors 
will have an exclusive recourse right to the Special Estate. Creditors of the 
Issuer (other than Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors) may not exercise any rights against or attach the Special Estate, 
except and to the extent of assets in respect of which the bankruptcy trustee of 
the General Estate of the Issuer has determined, after consultation with the 
NBB (taking into account the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and, as the

--- Page 9 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
9 
case may be, the rating assigned to the Mortgage Pandbrieven), that they are 
no longer required to form part of the Special Estate (Article 11, 8° of Annex 
III to the Banking Law).  
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations” below. 
Special Estate 
The estate of the Issuer is legally composed of a General Estate, the Special 
Estate (in respect of the Programme), and a separate special estate in relation 
to the Non-Retained Programme. All Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued under 
the Programme will be covered by the same Special Estate, which is different 
from the special estate in respect of the Non-Retained Programme.  
Special Estate means the special estate (bijzonder vermogen/patrimoine 
spécial) of the Issuer constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law in relation to the Programme. 
General Estate means at any given time the assets of the Issuer that are at such 
time not comprised in a special estate as envisaged in Article 3 of Annex III to 
the Banking Law, including, in particular, the Special Estate (in respect of the 
Programme) and the special estate in respect of the Non-Retained Programme. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 3. Special 
Estate” below. 
Cover Assets 
The Cover Assets are the Residential Mortgage Loans and any other loans, 
securities, accounts, contracts or other assets which comply with the 
requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and that are registered 
in the Cover Register, and all other assets listed in Article 80, § 3, 2° to the 
Banking Law that are included in the Special Estate pursuant to Article 3, §2 
of Annex III to the Banking Law. The main asset class of the Special Estate 
will consist of Residential Mortgage Loans, their Related Security interests and 
all monies derived therefrom from time to time in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations.  
Related Security means all security interests and sureties, guarantees 
(voorrechten/privilèges) of any form that secure Cover Assets as well as rights 
under insurance policies and other contracts in relation to the Cover Assets or 
the management of the Special Estate. 
Residential Mortgage Loans means loans granted to individuals as borrowers 
(Borrowers) that are secured by a first and sequentially lower ranking 
mortgage on residential real estate as defined in article 2, 6° of the Covered 
Bonds Royal Decree. 
For further information on the composition of the Special Estate, see also 
“Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 4.A Categories of 
Cover Assets” and “4.B Further qualitative requirements for Cover Assets 
relating to Belgian Pandbrieven” below. 
Priority Rules in 
respect of security 
interest securing 
Cover Assets and 
assets in the 
General Estate 
If a security interest (including any mortgage and mortgage mandate) secures 
both Cover Assets and obligations which are assets of the General Estate, all 
sums received out of the enforcement of the security interest will be applied in 
priority to satisfy the obligations in relation to the Cover Assets. Any proceeds 
of enforcement of such security interest can only be applied in satisfaction of 
the obligations which are assets of the General Estate once all sums owed to 
the Special Estate in respect of the relevant Cover Assets are irrevocably repaid

--- Page 10 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
10 
in full (see Condition 12.3 (Priority Rules regarding security interest securing 
both Cover Assets and assets in the General Estate)). 
Priority Rules in 
respect of security 
interest securing 
Cover Assets and 
cover assets of 
other special 
estate(s) 
If a security interest (including any mortgage and mortgage mandate) secures 
both Cover Assets and cover assets of other special estate(s) of the Issuer, all 
sums received out of the enforcement of the security interest will be applied 
pari passu and pro rata to satisfy the obligations in relation to the different 
special estates of the Issuer (see Condition 12.4 (Priority Rules regarding 
security interests securing both Cover Assets and cover assets of other special 
estate(s))). 
Issuer 
Undertakings 
The Issuer will undertake in favour of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (i) to comply with all 
obligations imposed on it under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, (ii) 
that the Special Estate will mainly consist of Residential Mortgage Loans and 
will not include (x) RMBS, (y) ABS and (z) mortgage loans other than 
Residential Mortgage Loans, and (iii) to provide an investor report (the 
Investor Report), containing information regarding, amongst others, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and the composition of the Special Estate, on a monthly 
basis, on the 15th Business Day of each calendar month (each an Investor 
Report Date), which will be made available on the website of the Issuer. 
The Issuer also undertakes that the Special Estate will at all times include a 
number of liquid bonds (i) which have an aggregate market value which, after 
applying the ECB haircut in accordance with the Guideline 2015/510 of the 
ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary 
policy (as may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time 
to time), is higher than the amount of interest due and payable on the 
outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven within a period of three months meeting 
the criteria set out in paragraph 7 of the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation and 
(ii) which (1) are eligible as collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
purposes and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, (2) have a credit 
quality step 1 as defined in the CRR, (3) are subject to a daily mark-to-market, 
(4) have a remaining maturity of more than three months, (5) are not debt 
issued by the Issuer, and (6) are not residential mortgage backed securities 
(RMBS), commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) or any other asset 
backed securities (ABS). 
Criteria for the 
transfer of assets 
by the General 
Estate to the 
Special Estate 
The Issuer has also agreed, in the Special Estate Administration Agreement 
and in the Conditions, the criteria to be used for the selection of assets to satisfy 
the Issuer’s revindication obligations (see Condition 12.1 (Criteria for the 
transfer of assets by the General Estate to the Special Estate) for the full list). 
Cover Register 
The Issuer will maintain a Cover Register in which both the issued Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and the Cover Assets will be registered. 
Cover Assets means Residential Mortgage Loans that are or will be registered 
in the Cover Register and all other assets that are or will be included in the 
Special Estate pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Cover Register means the cover register established by the Issuer for the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme in accordance with Article 
15, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law.

--- Page 11 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
11 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 5. Special 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of administration of the Belgian Covered 
Bonds” below. 
Cover Tests 
In accordance with Article 2, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Cover 
Assets comprising the Special Estate must, for the duration of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, provide sufficient cover (i) for the payment of principal and 
interest on the Mortgage Pandbrieven, (ii) for the obligations towards the Other 
Cover Pool Creditors and (iii) for the management of the Special Estate. 
Article 5 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree which further implements this 
rule, (a) includes a general requirement that, with respect to the Special Estate, 
the sum of interest, principal and all other revenues generated by the Cover 
Assets must be sufficient to cover the sum of all interest, principal and charges 
linked to the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the Cover Asset Adequacy Test), and 
(b) provides, more in particular, for the following two specific tests in relation 
to the minimum cover to be provided by the Cover Assets.  
At the time of the issuance and as long as any Mortgage Pandbrieven remain 
outstanding:  
the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets in the 
Special Estate determined in accordance with the valuation rules set out in the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree must represent at least 85% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven then in issue (the 
85% Asset Coverage Test); and 
the value of the Cover Assets, determined in accordance with the valuation 
rules set out in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, must represent at least 105% 
of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of Mortgage Pandbrieven then 
in issue (the Over-Collateralisation Test). 
The Cover Asset Adequacy Test, the 85% Asset Coverage Test and the Over-
Collateralisation Test are hereinafter jointly referred to as the Cover Tests. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 4. Cover 
Assets and Tests – C. Statutory Tests – Cover Tests” below. 
Liquidity Test 
With respect to the Special Estate, the Cover Assets must, at any time, be able 
to generate sufficient liquidity or include enough liquid assets to enable the 
Issuer to make all unconditional payments on the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(including principal, interest and other costs) falling due during the following 
6 months (the Liquidity Test). If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, payments of 
principal amounts due on the Maturity Date will not be considered as 
unconditional for the purpose of the Liquidity Test. 
The Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test are hereinafter jointly referred to as the 
Statutory Tests. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 4. Cover 
Assets and Tests – D. Statutory Tests – Liquidity Test” below. 
Management of the 
Special Estate 
Until the appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, which 
may occur in certain circumstances, the Issuer will manage the Special Estate.

--- Page 12 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
12 
Upon designation, the Cover Pool Administrator will manage the Special 
Estate to the exclusion of the Issuer. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 3.C 
Management of the Special Estate” and “Summary of the Belgian Covered 
Bond Regulations – 5 Cover Pool Administrator” below. 
Changes to the 
Special Estate 
Until the appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, which 
may occur in certain circumstances: 
the Issuer may allocate additional assets to the Special Estate, among other 
things, for the purposes of issuing further Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
and/or for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Tests and/or 
maintaining the initial rating(s) assigned to the Mortgage Pandbrieven; and 
the Issuer may remove or substitute existing Cover Assets from the Special 
Estate, provided that no breach of the Statutory Tests would occur as a result 
of such removal or substitution. 
Maturity Date  
The maturity date for each Series (the Maturity Date) will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to each Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, unless specified otherwise.  
Extended Maturity 
Date 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer’s obligations under the 
relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven to pay the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the relevant Maturity Date may be deferred past the Maturity Date until the 
extended maturity date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (such date 
the Extended Maturity Date). 
Such deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay in full within 
fourteen (14) calendar days after the Maturity Date, the amount due on the 
Maturity Date as set out in the Final Terms (the Final Redemption Amount) 
in respect of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, provided that the 
Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date 
may be paid (in whole or in part) by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date but will 
in any event have to be paid in full on the relevant Extended Maturity Date.  
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amounts on each 
Interest Payment Date up to the Extended Maturity Date (or, if the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full prior to such Extented Maturity Date, up to 
such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are repaid in 
whole) in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.5 (Interest Payments 
up to the Extended Maturity Date) and the Issuer will make payments on each 
relevant Interest Payment Date and Extended Maturity Date (or, if redeemed 
earlier in full, on such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full). 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an Event of 
Default): 
(i) 
on the Maturity Date (in respect of any Series to which an Extended 
Maturity Date is not applicable) or Extended Maturity Date (in respect 
of any Series to which an Extended Maturity Date applies in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms), a failure to pay any amount of 
principal due on the Mortgage Pandbrieven on such date and such

--- Page 13 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
13 
default is not remedied within a period of fourteen (14) calendar days 
from the due date thereof; or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount 
of interest due on any Series occurs and such default is not remedied 
within a period of fourteen (14) calendar days from the due date thereof, 
then the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may and shall, upon 
direction of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders holding the requisite percentage 
of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven then outstanding (subject to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), serve a notice (a Notice of 
Default) on the Issuer (copied to the Cover Pool Monitor, the NBB, the Rating 
Agency and, if appointed, the Cover Pool Administrator). 
See also Condition 8.1 (Events of Default). 
Cross-acceleration 
Following the service of a Notice of Default (i) no further Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be issued and (ii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven of each Series 
shall become immediately due and payable, together with any accrued interest 
and they will rank pari passu.  
Liquidation of the 
Special Estate 
Upon the initiation of winding-up proceedings against the General Estate of 
the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator pursuant to articles 11, 6° or 7° of 
Annex III to the Banking Law: 
may, in consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
and subject to approval by the NBB, proceed (i) with the liquidation of the 
Special Estate and (ii) with the early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
where the Cover Assets are not, or risk not being, sufficient to satisfy the 
obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven; and 
will, in consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
and the NBB, proceed (i) with the liquidation of the Special Estate and (ii) with 
the early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven when a majority decision 
has been taken to this effect at a meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders at 
which at least two thirds of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of all Series are represented. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 3.Special 
Estate – D. Impact of liquidation and reorganisation procedures” below. 
Payments on the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
Payments on the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be direct and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Following delivery of a Notice of Default all funds deriving from the Cover 
Assets (other than amounts or financial instruments representing Excess Swap 
Collateral (if any), which amounts shall be applied in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement) shall be applied on any Business 
Day in accordance with the Priority of Payments (as defined herein). 
Following a decision to liquidate the Special Estate and early redeem the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex 
III to the Banking Law, all funds deriving from the Cover Assets (other than 
amounts or financial instruments representing Excess Swap Collateral (if any), 
which amounts shall be applied in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Hedging Agreement) shall be applied on any Business Day in accordance with 
the Priority of Payments (as defined herein).

--- Page 14 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
14 
Excess Swap Collateral means an amount equal to the value of any collateral 
transferred to the Issuer by a Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging 
Agreement: (A) in respect of which the terms of such Hedging Agreement do 
not, at the relevant time, provide for such collateral to be applied in satisfaction 
of the Hedging Counterparty’s obligations to the Issuer; or (B) that is in excess 
of the Hedging Counterparty's liability to the Issuer thereunder (i) as at the 
termination date of the transaction entered into under such Hedging Agreement 
or (ii) as at any other date of valuation in accordance with the terms of the 
Hedging Agreement. 
Priority of 
Payments 
first, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) 
payment of all amounts then due and payable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative (including remuneration or amounts by way of 
indemnity payable to it) under the provisions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders Representative Agreement or any other Programme Document 
together with interest and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to 
the extent provided therein; (b) payment of all amounts then due and payable 
to the Agents and/or the Registrar (if any) under the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, any Calculation Agency Agreement or any other Programme 
Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) 
thereon to the extent provided therein; (c) payment of all amounts then due and 
payable to the Cover Pool Monitor under the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest 
and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein; (d) upon its appointment in accordance with the Belgian Covered 
Bond Regulations, payment of all amounts then due to any Cover Pool 
Administrator (including any of its representatives or delegates) pursuant to 
the conditions of its appointment together with interest and applicable VAT or 
other similar taxes and any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the 
Special Estate; and (e) pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, in and towards, payment of any amounts, fees, costs, charges, 
liabilities, expenses and taxes due and payable by the Issuer or the Special 
Estate to the Operational Creditors; 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
in and towards, (a) payment of all amounts of interest and principal then due 
and payable on any Mortgage Pandbrieven, (b) payment of any amounts due 
and payable under any Hedging Agreement other than the Subordinated 
Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging 
Agreements, and (c) payment of all amounts due and payable under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement to any Liquidity Facility Provider other than any 
Junior Liquidity Amounts; 
third, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, in 
and towards, (a) payment of any amount due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination Payment, and (b) 
payment of any Junior Liquidity Amounts due and payable under any Liquidity 
Facility Agreement to any Liquidity Facility Provider; and  
fourth, following the payment in full of all items (i) to (iii), in and towards 
payment of excess to the General Estate of the Issuer.  
See Condition 9.1 (Priority of Payments).

--- Page 15 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
15 
Subordinated 
Termination 
Payment 
Means any termination payments due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement where such termination results from 
(a) an Additional Termination Event relating to the credit rating or credit 
worthiness of the Hedging Counterparty as specified in the schedule to the 
relevant Hedging Agreement, (b) the bankruptcy of the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty, or (c) any default and/or failure to perform by such Hedging 
Counterparty under the relevant Hedging Agreement, other than, in the event 
of (a) or (b) above, the amount of any termination payment due and payable to 
such Hedging Counterparty in relation to the termination of such transaction 
to the extent of any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement 
hedging counterparty. 
Junior Liquidity 
Amount  
Means any amount, including any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses, due 
and payable to a Liquidity Provider which under the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Agreement are expressed to rank junior to interest and principal due to 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and any other party ranking senior in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
Monitoring 
The Cover Pool Monitor has been appointed to (i) issue periodic reports to the 
NBB on compliance by the Issuer with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, 
(ii) assume the responsibilities as specified under the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations and the NBB Cover Pool Monitor and (iii) review the Statutory 
Tests both as provided for in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and in 
accordance with the requirements of the NBB. The NBB can also request that 
the Cover Pool Monitor performs other tasks and verifications.  
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – Parties – 6. 
Specific Supervision – A. Cover Pool Monitor” and “Description of Principal 
Documents – Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” below. 
Breach of the 
Statutory Tests 
If the Issuer is (and remains) unable to meet the requirements of the Statutory 
Tests or any other specific requirements which apply to it as an issuing credit 
institution of Belgian covered bonds, the NBB can require the Issuer to resolve 
the situation within a grace period specified by the NBB. If the situation is not 
resolved after expiry of this grace period, the NBB can remove the Issuer from 
the list of Belgian covered bonds issuers and revoke the Issuer's license to issue 
Belgian covered bonds. In situations of urgency the NBB can take such 
measure without first allowing a grace period within which to resolve the 
situation. 
The NBB can also publish warnings/statements indicating that a credit 
institution has failed to comply with the NBB's requests to meet the 
requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations within a specified 
grace period. In addition, as part of its general supervisory function under the 
Banking Law, the NBB can impose fines and administrative penalties. 
A removal of the Issuer from the list of Belgian covered bonds issuers will 
have no impact on the Mortgage Pandbrieven already issued by the Issuer. 
See also “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – 6. Specific 
Supervision – B. NBB” below. 
Cross Default 
None (other than cross-acceleration between Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
Negative Pledge 
None.

--- Page 16 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
16 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement and each Calculation Agency Agreement, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement, the Special Estate Administration Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement and each Subscription Agreement, and the Clearing 
Services Agreement, will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Belgian law. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven subject to the terms and conditions contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Belgian law. 
INFORMATION ON THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN THAT MAY BE ISSUED UNDER 
THE PROGRAMME 
Distribution 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Issuance in Series 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in Series subject to, in each case, the terms set out 
in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Series. Save in respect of the first issue 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven, Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme will 
either be fungible with an existing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven or have different 
terms from any existing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (in which case they will 
constitute a new Series). The Issuer will issue Mortgage Pandbrieven without the prior 
consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues). 
As used herein, Tranche means Mortgage Pandbrieven which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Final Terms  
Final terms (the Final Terms) will be issued and published in accordance with the terms 
and conditions set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven” (the Conditions) prior to the issue of each Series or Tranche detailing 
certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that Series or Tranche only, 
complete the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with 
the Conditions and the Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be issued (i) in dematerialised form (Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven) in accordance with Article 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian 
Company Code via a book-entry system maintained in the records of the NBB as 
operator of the Securities Settlement System or (ii) in registered form (Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrieven) in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian 
Company Code. Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be delivered in the form of 
an inscription on a securities account. The Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by the Registrar in accordance with 
Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code. See “Forms of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven” below. 
Issue Dates 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each, 
the Issue Date in relation to such Series or Tranche).

--- Page 17 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
17 
Interest 
Commencement 
Dates 
The date on which interest begins to accrue on a Series or Tranche as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (each, the Interest Commencement Date in relation to such 
Series or Tranche). 
Issue Prices 
The price (usually calculated as a percentage of the principal amount of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to be issued as part of such Series or Tranche) at which a Series or Tranche 
is to be subscribed for at the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each, 
the Issue Price in relation to such Series or Tranche). Mortgage Pandbrieven may be 
issued at par or at a premium or discount to par as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of such Series. 
Specified 
Currency 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) or investor (as applicable). 
Denominations 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms with a minimum specified denomination of EUR 100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency. 
Fixed Rate 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Mortgage Pandbrieven will bear 
interest at a fixed rate (the Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven), which will be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date and on the applicable redemption date and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Mortgage Pandbrieven bear interest 
at a floating rate (the Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven). Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will bear interest at a rate which is the aggregate rate of the rate determined: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service; or 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s), and 
the margin (if any) relating to such floating rate (the Margin) agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms may, in respect of any Series, specify 
a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Zero Coupon 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Mortgage Pandbrieven, bearing no interest 
(Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven), may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount. 
Interest Payment 
Dates 
In relation to any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Interest Payment Dates will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be). 
Early Redemption 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be redeemed prior to their stated maturity for taxation 
reasons in the manner set out in Condition 6.3 (Redemption for taxation reasons) and in 
the event of an illegality in the manner set out in Condition 6.5 (Illegality).  
GENERAL INFORMATION

--- Page 18 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
18 
Proceeds of the 
issue of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
The net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be used by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, in relation to 
Mortgage Pandbrieven that are acquired by the Issuer itself, the refinancing of the 
acquisition of such Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or the underlying Residential Mortgage 
Loans). If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other proceeds (if any) on the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be made (a) free and clear of any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes of Belgium, unless the Issuer or any intermediary that intervenes 
in the collection of interest and other proceeds on the Mortgage Pandbrieven is required 
by law to make such a withholding or deduction. In the event that such withholding, or 
deduction is required by law, the Issuer will, except in certain limited circumstances 
set out in Condition 7 (Tax gross-up), be required to pay additional amounts to cover 
the amounts so deducted. In such case and subject to certain conditions, the Issuer may 
also redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption 
for taxation reasons); and (b) subject to any withholding or deduction that, in certain 
specific circumstances, may be required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a rating by the Rating 
Agency. The Issuer may also issue Mortgage Pandbrieven which are unrated. Details 
of the ratings assigned to a particular Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied in relation to 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered for the purposes of the 
CRA Regulation. 
Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Listing and 
admission to trading 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Belgian Financial 
Services and Market Authority (the FSMA). The FSMA only approves this prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme after the date hereof to be admitted to listing 
on the official list and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on a 
regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (MTF) for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU, (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive or MiFID II), as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. The Final Terms relating to

--- Page 19 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
19 
each Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven will state whether or not the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which markets.  
Delivery of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be deposited with the NBB and interests in 
them will be credited to the accounts held in the clearing system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement System), by Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt S.A., Germany (Clearstream, 
Germany ), SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland (SIX SIS, Switzerland), Monte Titoli S.p.A., 
Italy (Monte Titoli, Italy), InterBolsa S.A., Portugal (InterBolsa, Portugal) and any 
other national or international NBB investors central securities depository (NBB 
investor (I)CSDs) or other Securities Settlement System participants or their 
participants. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be registered in a register 
maintained by the Issuer or by the Registrar in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of 
the Belgian Company Code. 
Securities 
Settlement Systems 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be created, cleared and settled in the 
Securities Settlement System. Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs maintain 
accounts in the Securities Settlement System. The clearing of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven through the Securities Settlement System is subject to prior approval of 
the NBB.  
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (the EEA), the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven. See “Subscription 
and Sale” below. Selling restrictions in respect of a particular Tranche may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
Cover Pool 
Monitor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the cover pool monitor agreement entered into on or about the date 
hereof between the Cover Pool Monitor, the Issuer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holder’s representative (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement), the Cover Pool Monitor has, among other 
things, agreed (i) to review the Statutory Tests, (ii) to issue periodic reports to the NBB 
on compliance by the Issuer with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and (iii) to 
assume the responsibilities as specified under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations 
and the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation. 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders 
Representative 
Agreement  
Under the terms of the mortgage pandbrieven holders representative agreement entered 
into on or about the date hereof between the Issuer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement), the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative was appointed to act as representative 
(vertegenwoordiger/représentant) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance 
with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and the Conditions. 
Agency Agreement 
Under the terms of the agency agreement entered into on or about the date hereof 
between, amongst others, the Issuer and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as Domiciliary 
Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Registrar, Listing Agent and Calculation 
Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (as modified and/or 
supplement and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement), BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV will respectively act as Domiciliary Agent, Principal Paying Agent, 
Paying Agent, Registrar, Listing Agent and Calculation Agent in relation to the

--- Page 20 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
20 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Agency Agreement will also provide for the appointment of 
a Registrar in respect of any Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven issued from time to time. 
Calculation 
Agency Agreement 
The Agency Agreement provides for the appointment from time to time of a Calculation 
Agent to determine the interest rate in relation to any Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Such Calculation Agent may be appointed pursuant to a calculation agency 
agreement to be entered into (the Calculation Agency Agreement) which supplements 
the arrangements in the Agency Agreement. 
Clearing Services 
Agreement 
The Issuer, the Domiciliary Agent and the NBB as operator of the Securities Settlement 
System entered into a clearing services agreement on on or about the date hereof in 
relation to the clearing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (as amended from time to time, the 
Clearing Services Agreement). 
Programme 
Agreement 
The programme agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between, amongst 
others, the Issuer, the Arranger and BNP Paribas Fortis as the initial dealer (as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) 
will set out the terms under which Mortgage Pandbrieven may from time to time be 
agreed to be issued, including the appointment and resignation of any Dealer. 
Subscription 
Agreement 
Prior to or on the date an issuance of any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the relevant Dealer(s) may enter 
into a Subscription Agreement (in the form attached to the Programme Agreement) 
supplementing the arrangements in the Programme Agreement and setting out, inter alia, 
the relevant underwriting commitments in respect of the particular issuance. 
Hedging 
Agreements 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into interest rate swap 
agreements, currency swap agreements and other relevant swap or hedging agreements 
(together the Hedging Agreements) with one or more Hedging Counterparties for the 
purpose of, inter alia, protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, 
interest rate, currency, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets (as defined below) 
and/or the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Any Hedging Agreement(s) may be included as part of the Special Estate at the Issuer's 
discretion. 
Liquidity Facility 
Agreements 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into liquidity facility 
agreements (as amended from time to time, the Liquidity Facility Agreements) with 
one or more Liquidity Facility Providers in order to improve the liquidity of the Special 
Estate. 
Any Liquidity Facility Agreement(s) may be included as part of the Special Estate at the 
Issuer's discretion. 
Special Estate 
Administration 
Agreement 
Under the terms of a special estate administration agreement entered into between the 
Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the Cover Pool Monitor 
(such special estate administration agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Special Estate Administration Agreement) all 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme shall be subject to and have the 
benefit of certain common terms regardless of whether the Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
issued under the Base Prospectus or not. 
Programme 
Documents 
The Agency Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, 
the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, Special Estate Administration Agreement, the 
Clearing Services Agreement, any Calculation Agency Agreement, the Programme

--- Page 21 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
21 
Agreement and each Subscription Agreement, each of the Final Terms, any Hedging 
Agreement, any Liquidity Facility Agreement and any additional document entered into 
in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or the Special Estate and designated as a 
Programme Document by the Issuer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative. 
Investor Report 
Each Investor Report will be made available on each Investor Report Date to the 
prospective investors in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders at the offices of the Issuer, the specified officies of the Domiciliary Agent, on 
Bloomberg and on the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 22 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
22 
 
SECTION 2 – RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and are material for taking an informed investment decision with respect to the the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. However, the inability of the Issuer to pay any amount under any the Mortgage 
Pandbrief may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on the information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risk factors have been presented in a number of categories depending on their nature. In 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors in each category, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer and the probability of 
their occurrence, have been set out first.  
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risk factors, taking into account the expected negative 
impact of such risks on the Issuer (including any relevant mitigation measures) and the probability of 
their occurrence.  
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings 
in this section. 
1. Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks on the Issuer 
associated with the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme are described below. The Issuer 
has assessed the most material risks, taking into account the negative impact (including any relevant 
mitigation measures) of such risks on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence ("Global 
Criticality"). Each risk factor relating to the Issuer is followed by the Issuer's assessment of whether 
such Global Criticality can be assessed as high, medium or low. 
Credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book  
BNPPF's credit risk is defined as the probability of a borrower or counterparty defaulting on its 
obligations to BNPPF. Probability of default along with the recovery rate of the loan or debt in the event 
of default are essential elements in assessing credit quality. In accordance with the European Banking 
Authority recommendations, this category of risk also includes risks on equity investments, as well as 
those related to insurance activities. As of 31 December 2019, BNPPF's credit risk exposure broke down 
as follows (in millions of euros): corporates (133,257), retail customers (120,592), central governments 
and central banks (25,707), credit institutions (34,769), other items (17,555) and securitization positions 
(5,739). As at 31 December 2019, 51% of BNPPF's credit exposure was comprised of exposures in 
Belgium, 11% in France, 7% in Luxembourg, 21% in other European countries, 1% in North America, 
and 9% in the rest of the world. BNPPF's risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to 
EUR 113,365 million at 31 December 2019, or 82% of the total riskweighted assets of BNPPF. 
See the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, chapter "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy", "4 Credit 
and counterparty Credit Risk, 4.a Credit risk, for the exposures, and the document “Pillar 3 Disclosure 
for the year 2019” published by BNPPF for the risk-weighted assets (on page 11), which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
BNPPF's counterparty risk arises from its credit risk in the specific context of market transactions, 
investments, and/or settlements. BNPPF's exposure to counterparty risk, excluding Credit Valuation 
Adjustment ("CVA") risk as at 31 December 2019, is comprised of: 51% to the corporate sector, 10% 
to governments and central banks, 29% to credit institutions and investment firms, and 10% to clearing 
houses. By product, BNPPF's exposure, excluding CVA risk, as at 31 December 2019 was comprised

--- Page 23 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
23 
of: 82% in OTC derivatives, 16% in repurchase transactions and securities lending/borrowing, 10% in 
listed derivatives and 2% in contributions to the clearing houses' default funds. The amount of this risk 
varies over time, depending on fluctuations in market parameters affecting the potential future value of 
the covered transactions. In addition, CVA risk measures the risk of losses related to CVA volatility 
resulting from fluctuations in credit spreads associated with the counterparties to which BNPPF is 
subject to risk. The risk-weighted assets subject to counterparty credit risk amounted to EUR 2,153 
million at 31 December 2019, representing 2% of BNPPF's total risk-weighted assets. 
See the document "Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2019" published by BNPPF (on pages 11, 25 and 
26), which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Securitisation risk in the banking book: securitisation is a transaction or arrangement by which the credit 
risk associated with a liability or set of liabilities is subdivided into tranches. Any commitment made 
by BNPPF under a securitisation structure (including derivatives and liquidity lines) is considered to be 
a securitisation. The bulk of BNPPF's commitments are in the prudential banking portfolio. Securitized 
exposures are essentially those generated by BNPPF. The securitisation positions held or acquired by 
BNPPF may also be categorized by its role: of the positions as at 31 December 2019, BNPPF was 
originator of 78%, was sponsor of 1% and was investor of 21%. The risk-weighted assets subject to this 
type of risk amounted to EUR 1,121 million at 31 December 2019 for BNPPF, or 1% of the total risk-
weighted assets of BNPPF. 
See the document "Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2019" published by BNPPF (on pages 11 and 31), 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
A substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded provisions 
exposed to credit risk and counterparty risk could adversely affect BNPPF's results of operations and 
financial condition (Global Criticality: medium) 
Credit risk and counterparty risk impact BNPPF's consolidated financial statements when a customer 
or counterparty is unable to honour its obligations and when the book value of these obligations in 
BNPPF's records is positive. The customer or counterparty may be a bank, a financial institution, an 
industrial or commercial enterprise, a government or a government entity, an investment fund, or a 
natural person. If the level of customer or counterparty defaults increases compared to recent historically 
low levels, BNPPF may have to record significant charges and provisions for possible unrecoverable or 
doubtful debts, affecting its profitability. As a result, in connection with its lending activities, BNPPF 
regularly establishes provisions for loan losses, which are recorded on its income statement in the line 
item Cost of Risk. These provisions amounted to EUR -454 million at 31 December 2019, representing 
24 basis points of outstanding customer loans (compared with 22 basis points at 31 December 2018). 
BNPPF's overall level of provisions is based on its assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and 
type of lending being conducted, industry standards, past due loans, economic conditions and  other 
factors related to the recoverability of various loans or statistical analysis based on scenarios applicable 
to asset classes. 
Although BNPPF seeks to establish an appropriate level of provisions, its lending businesses may have 
to increase their provisions for loan losses substantially in the future as a result of deteriorating 
economic conditions or other causes. Any significant increase in provisions for loan losses or a 
significant change in BNPPF's estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non impaired loans, 
as well as the occurrence of loan losses in excess of the related provisions, could have a material adverse 
effect on BNPPF's results of operations and financial condition. 
For reference, at 31 December 2019, the ratio of doubtful loans to total loans outstanding was 2.13% 
and the coverage ratio of these loans (net of guarantees received) by provisions was 69.63%, compared 
to 2.29% and 69.52%, respectively, as at 31 December 2018. These two ratios are calculated based on 
figures from the FINREP reporting of BNPPF.

--- Page 24 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
24 
While BNPPF seeks to reduce its exposure to credit risk and counterparty risk by using risk mitigation 
techniques such as collateralisation, obtaining guarantees, entering into credit derivatives and enterin 
into netting agreements, it cannot be certain that these techniques will be effective to offset losses 
resulting from counterparty defaults that are covered by these techniques. Moreover, BNPPF is also 
exposed to the risk of default by the party providing the credit risk coverage (such as a counterparty in 
a derivative or a loan insurance contract) or to the risk of loss of value of any collateral. In addition, 
only a portion of BNPPF's overall credit risk and counterparty risk is covered by these techniques 
Accordingly, BNPPF has very significant exposure to these risks. 
The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants could adversely affect 
BNPPF (Global Criticality: medium) 
BNPPF's ability to engage in financing, investment and derivative transactions could be adversely 
affected by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. Financial institutions are 
interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a result, 
defaults of one or more States or financial institutions, or even rumors or questions about one or more 
financial institutions, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market wide liquidity 
problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. BNPPF has exposure to many counterparties in 
the financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses, brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, and other institutional 
clients with which it regularly executes transactions. BNPPF may also be exposed to risks related to the 
increasing involvement in the financial sector of players and the introduction of new types of 
transactions subject to little or no regulation (such as unregulated funds, trading venues of crowdfunding 
platforms). Credit and counterparty risks could be exacerbated if the collateral held by BNPPF cannot 
be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or 
derivative exposure due to BNPPF or in case of a failure of a significant financial market participant 
such as a central counterparty. It is worth noting in this respect that regulatory changes requiring 
mandatory clearing of standardised OTC derivatives through central counterparties have resulted in an 
increase of the exposure of financial market participants to such central counterparties. 
For reference, counterparty risk exposure related to financial institutions was EUR 2,482 million at 31 
December 2019, or 29% of BNPPF's total counterparty risk exposure, and counterparty risk exposure 
related to clearing houses was EUR 884 million, or 10% of BNPPF's total counterparty risk exposure. 
In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material adverse effect on 
financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets. 
See the document "Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2019" published by BNPPF (on page 25), which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk 
BNPPF's operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from failed or inadequate internal processes 
(particularly those involving personnel and information systems) or external events, whether deliberate, 
accidental or natural (floods, fires, earthquakes, terrorist attacks). BNPPF's operational risks cover 
fraud, human resources risks, legal and reputational risks, non-compliance risks, tax risks, information 
systems risks, risk of providing inadequate financial services (conduct risk), risk of failure of 
operational processes including credit processes, or from the use of a model (model risk), as well as 
potential financial consequences related to reputation risk management. The risk-weighted assets 
subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 12,393 million at 31 December 2019, or 9% of the total 
risk-weighted assets of BNPPF. 
See the document "Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2019" published by BNPPF (on page 11), which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
25 
An interruption in or a breach of BNPPF's information systems may cause substantial losses of client 
or customer information, damage to BNPPF's reputation and result in financial losses (Global 
Criticality: medium) 
As with most other banks, BNPPF relies heavily on communications and information systems to 
conduct its business. This dependency has increased with the spread of mobile and online banking 
services, and the development of cloud computing. Any failure or interruption or breach in security of 
these systems could result in failures or interruptions in BNPPF's customer relationship management, 
general ledger, deposit, servicing and/or loan organization systems or could cause BNPPF to incur 
significant costs in recovering and verifying lost data. BNPPF cannot provide assurances that such  
failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. 
In addition, BNPPF is subject to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by a malicious and/or fraudulent act, 
committed virtually, with the intention of manipulating information (confidential data,  bank/insurance, 
technical or strategic), processes and users, in order to cause material losses to BNPPF's subsidiaries, 
employees, partners and clients. An increasing number of companies (including financial institutions) 
have in recent years experienced intrusion attempts or even breaches of their information technology 
security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their computer 
networks. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, steal 
confidential data or sabotage information systems have become more sophisticated, change frequently 
and often are not recognized until launched against a target, BNPPF and its third party service providers 
may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement in a timely manner effective and efficient 
countermeasures. 
Any failures of or interruptions in BNPPF's information systems or those of its providers and any 
subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any client, counterpart or employee of 
BNPPF (or any other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication system could cause 
significant losses and have an adverse effect on BNPPF's reputation, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Moreover, BNPPF is exposed to the risk of operational failure or interruption of a clearing agent, foreign 
markets, clearing houses, custodian banks or any other financial intermediary or external service 
provider used by BNPPF to execute or facilitate financial transactions. Due to its increased interaction 
with clients, BNPPF is also exposed to the risk of operational malfunction of the latter's information 
systems. BNPPF's communications and data systems and those of its clients, service providers and 
counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions by as a result of cyber-crime or 
cyber-terrorism. BNPPF cannot guarantee that these malfunctions or interruptions in its own systems 
or those of other parties will not occur or that in the event of a cyber-attack, these malfunctions or 
interruptions will be adequately resolved. 
Reputational risk could weigh on BNPPF's financial strength and diminish the confidence of clients 
and counterparties in it (Global Criticality: medium) 
Considering the highly competitive environment in the financial services industry, a reputation for 
financial strength and integrity is critical to BNPPF's ability to attract and retain customers. BNPPF's 
reputation could be harmed if it cannot adequately promote and market its products and services. 
BNPPF's reputation could also be damaged if, as it increases its client base and the scale of its 
businesses, BNPPF's comprehensive procedures and controls dealing with conflicts of interest fail, or 
appear to fail, to address them properly. At the same time, BNPPF's reputation could be damaged by 
employee misconduct, fraud or misconduct by financial industry participants to which BNPPF is 
exposed, a decline in, a restatement of, or corrections to its financial results, as well as any adverse legal 
or regulatory action, such as the settlement the BNP Paribas Group entered into with the U.S. authorities 
in 2014 for violations of U.S. laws and regulations regarding economic sanctions. The loss of business

--- Page 26 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
26 
that could result from damage to BNPPF's reputation could have an adverse effect on its results of 
operations and financial position. 
BNPPF's risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks, which could lead to material losses (Global Criticality: low) 
BNPPF has devoted significant resources to developing its risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods and intends to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, BNPPF's risk 
management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all 
economic and market environments or against all types of risk, particularly risks that BNPPF may have 
failed to identify or anticipate. BNPPF's ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers or to 
estimate the values of its assets may be impaired if, as a result of market turmoil such as that experienced 
in recent years, the models and approaches it uses become less predictive of future behaviour, 
valuations, assumptions or estimates. Some of BNPPF's qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk 
are based on its use of observed historical market behaviour. BNPPF applies statistical and other tools 
to these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. The process BNPPF uses to 
estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or estimate the value of certain assets requires difficult, 
subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these 
economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans or impact the value 
of assets, which may, during periods of market disruption, be incapable of accurate estimation and, in 
turn, impact the reliability of the process. These tools and metrics may fail to predict future risk 
exposures, for example, if BNPPF does not anticipate or correctly evaluate certain factors in its 
statistical models, or upon the occurrence of an event deemed extremely unlikely by the tools and 
metrics. This would limit BNPPF's ability to manage its risks. BNPPF's losses could therefore be 
significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In addition, BNPPF's quantified modelling 
does not take all risks into account. Its more qualitative approach to managing certain risks could prove 
insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipated losses. 
Market risk 
BNPPF's market risk is the risk of loss of value caused by an unfavourable trend in prices or market 
parameters. The parameters affecting BNPPF's market risk include, but are not limited to, exchange 
rates, prices of securities and commodities (whether the price is directly quoted or obtained by reference 
to a comparable asset), the price of derivatives on an established market and all benchmarks that can be 
derived from market quotations such as interest rates, credit spreads, volatility or implicit correlations 
or other similar parameters. BNPPF is exposed to market risk mainly through trading activities carried 
out by the business lines of its Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) operating division, primarily in 
Global Markets,. BNPPF's trading activities are directly linked to economic relations with clients of 
these business lines, or indirectly as part of its market making activity. 
In addition, the market risk relating to BNPPF's banking activities covers its interest rate and foreign 
exchange rate risk in connection with its activities as a banking intermediary. The "operating" foreign 
exchange risk exposure relates to net earnings generated by activities conducted in currencies other than 
the functional currency of the entity concerned. The "structural" foreign exchange risk position of an 
entity relates to investments in currencies other than the functional currency. In measuring interest rate 
risk, BNPPF defines the concepts of standard rate risk and structural rate risk as the following: the 
standard rate risk corresponds to the general case, namely when it is possible to define the most 
appropriate hedging strategy for a given transaction, and the structural rate risk is the interest rate risk 
for equity and non-interest-bearing current accounts. 
BNPPF's market risk based on its activities is measured by Value at Risk ("VaR"), or the maximum 
potential loss over one year, at a 99.9% confidence level to calculate regulatory capital requirements, 
and various other market indicators (stressed VaR, Incremental Risk Charge, Comprehensive Risk

--- Page 27 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
27 
Measure for credit correlation portfolio) as well as by stress tests and sensitivity analysis compared with 
market limits. 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 1,722 million at 31 December 
2019, or 1% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF. 
See the document "Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2019" published by BNPPF (on page 11), which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
BNPPF may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market fluctuations 
and volatility (Global Criticality: low) 
BNPPF maintains trading and investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity 
markets, and in unlisted securities, real estate and other asset classes, including through derivative 
contracts. These positions could be adversely affected by extreme volatility in these markets, i.e., the 
degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market 
levels. Moreover, volatility trends that prove substantially different from BNPPF's expectations may 
lead to losses relating to a broad range of other products that BNPPF uses, including swaps, forward 
and future contracts, options and structured products. 
To the extent that BNPPF owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a market 
downturn could result in losses from a decline in the value of its positions. Conversely, to the extent 
that BNPPF has sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions in any of those markets, a 
market upturn could, in spite of the existing limitation of risks and control systems, expose BNPPF to 
potentially substantial losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by acquiring assets in a rising 
market. BNPPF may from time to time hold a long position in one asset and a short position in another, 
in order to hedge transactions with clients and/or from which it expects to gain based on changes in the 
relative value of the two assets. If, however, the relative value of the two assets changes in a direction 
or manner that BNPPF did not anticipate or against which it is not hedged, it might realize a loss on 
those paired positions. Such losses, if significant, could adversely affect BNPPF's results and financial 
condition. In addition, BNPPF's hedging strategies may not be suitable for certain market conditions. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that BNPPF uses to hedge its exposure to various 
types of risk in its businesses is not effective, BNPPF may incur losses. Many of its strategies are based 
on historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if BNPPF holds a long position in an asset, 
it may hedge that position by taking a short position in another asset where the short position has 
historically moved in a direction that would offset a change in the value of the long position 
However, the hedge may only be partial, or the strategies used may not protect against all future risks 
or may not be fully effective in mitigating BNPPF's risk exposure in all market environments or against 
all types of risk in the future. Unexpected market developments may also reduce the effectiveness of 
BNPPF's hedging strategies, as occurred for example in late 2018 with the BNP Paribas Group's index 
derivatives hedging in the United States. In addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting 
from certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in BNPPF's reported 
earnings. 
The BNP Paribas Group uses a VaR model to quantify its exposure to potential losses from market 
risks, and also performs stress testing with a view to quantifying its potential exposure in extreme 
scenarios (However, these techniques rely on statistical methodologies based on historical observations, 
which may turn out to be unreliable predictors of future market conditions. Accordingly, BNPPF's 
exposure to market risk in extreme scenarios could be greater than the exposures predicted by its 
quantification techniques.  
BNPPF may generate lower revenues from commission and fee based businesses during market 
downturns (Global Criticality: low)

--- Page 28 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
28 
Commissions represented 16% of BNPPF's total revenues in 2019. Financial and economic conditions 
affect the number and size of transactions for which BNPPF provides securities underwriting, financial 
advisory and other Investment Banking services. These revenues, which include fees from these 
services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which BNPPF participates 
and can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial changes that are unfavourable to its 
Investment Banking business and clients. In addition, because the fees that BNPPF charges for 
managing its clients' portfolios are in many cases based on the value or performance of those portfolios, 
a market downturn that reduces the value of its clients' portfolios or increases the amount of withdrawals 
would reduce the revenues it receives from its asset management, equity derivatives and Private 
Banking businesses. 
Adjustments to the carrying value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfolios and BNPPF's own 
debt could have an adverse effect on its net income and shareholders' equity (Global Criticality: low) 
The carrying value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, as well as 
its own debt, in its balance sheet is adjusted as of each financial statement date. As at 31 December 
2019, on the assets side of BNPPF's balance sheet, financial instruments at fair value through profit or 
loss, derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes and financial assets at fair value through 
shareholders' equity amounted to EUR 17,896 million, EUR 2,500 million and EUR 8,802 million 
respectively. In the liabilities column, financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and 
derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes amounted to EUR 23,818 million and EUR 
5,838 million, respectively, at 31 December 2019. Most of the adjustments are made on the basis of 
changes in fair value of BNPPF's assets or debt during an accounting period, with the changes recorded 
either in the income statement or directly in shareholders' equity. Changes that are recorded in the 
income statement, to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value of other assets, affect 
BNPPF's consolidated revenues and, as a result, its net income. All fair value adjustments affect 
shareholders' equity and, as a result, BNPPF's capital adequacy ratios. The fact that fair value 
adjustments are recorded in one accounting period does not mean that further adjustments will not be 
needed in subsequent periods. 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that BNPPF will not be able to honour its commitments or unwind or offset a 
position due to market conditions or specific factors within a specified period of time and at a reasonable 
cost. It reflects the risk of not being able to cope with net cash outflows, including collateral 
requirements, over short-term to long-term horizons. BNPPF's specific risk can be assessed through its 
short-term liquidity ratio (Liquidity Coverage Ratio – LCR), which analyses the hedging of net cash 
outflows during a thirty-day stress period. The LCR of BNPPF at 31 December 2019 was 127%. 
See the press release dated 13 March 2020 published by BNPPF on its 2019 full year results, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
BNPPF's access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of financial crises, 
worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades, increases in sovereign credit spreads or other 
factors (Global Criticality: low) 
The financial crisis, the euro zone sovereign debt crisis as well as the general macroeconomic 
environment have at times adversely affected the availability and cost of funding for European banks 
in recent years. This was due to several factors, including a sharp increase in the perception of bank 
credit risk due to exposure to sovereign debt in particular, credit rating downgrades of sovereigns and 
of banks, and debt market speculation. Many European banks, including BNPPF, at various points 
experienced restricted access to wholesale debt markets and to the interbank market, as well as a general 
increase in their cost of funding. Accordingly, reliance on direct borrowing from the ECB at times 
increased substantially. If such adverse credit market conditions were to reappear in the event of 
prolonged stagnation of growth, deflation, resurgence of the financial crisis, another sovereign debt

--- Page 29 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
29 
crisis or new forms of financial crises, factors relating to the financial industry in general or to BNPPF 
in particular, the effect on the liquidity of the European financial sector in general and BNPPF in 
particular could be materially adverse and have a negative impact on BNPPF's results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Protracted market declines can reduce BNPPF's liquidity, making it harder to sell assets and possibly 
leading to material losses. Accordingly, BNPPF must ensure that its assets and liabilities properly 
match in order to avoid exposure to losses (Global Criticality: low) 
In some of BNPPF's businesses, particularly Global Markets and Asset/Liability Management, 
protracted market movements, particularly asset price declines, can reduce the level of activity in the 
market or reduce market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if BNPPF cannot 
close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. This is particularly true for assets that are intrinsically 
illiquid. Assets that are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as certain 
derivative contracts between financial institutions, may have values that BNPPF calculates using 
models rather than publicly‑quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of prices of assets like these is 
difficult and could lead to significant unanticipated losses (see chapter 5.8, paragraph Stress tests and 
liquidity reserve). 
BNPPF is exposed to the risk that the maturity, interest rate or currencies of its assets might not match 
those of its liabilities. The timing of payments on certain of BNPPF's assets is uncertain, and if BNPPF 
receives lower revenues than expected at a given time, it might require additional market funding in 
order to meet its obligations on its liabilities. While BNPPF imposes strict limits on the gaps between 
its assets and its liabilities as part of its risk management procedures, it cannot be certain that these 
limits will be fully effective to eliminate potential losses arising from asset and liability mismatches. 
Any downgrade of BNPPF's credit ratings could weigh heavily on the profitability of BNPPF (Global 
Criticality: low) 
Credit ratings have a significant impact on BNPPF's liquidity. On 23 April 2020, Standard & Poor's 
affirmed the long-term issuer credit rating of BNPPF at A+, and its short-term rating at A-1, with a 
negative outlook. On 8 November 2019, Fitch Ratings affirmed its long-term issuer default ratings for 
BNPPF at A+, and its short-term rating at F1, with a stable outlook. On 2 April 2020, Fitch Ratings 
placed BNPPF long-term issuer default ratings as well as its short-term debt ratings on Rating Watch 
Negative (RWN).  
On 18 November 2019, Moody's affirmed its long-term senior unsecured debt rating at A2, and affirmed 
its short-term rating as P-1, with a stable outlook. 
Any rating action may occur at any time by any rating agency. 
A downgrade in BNPPF companies' credit rating could affect the liquidity and competitive position of 
BNPPF. It could also increase BNPPF's borrowing costs, limit access to the capital markets or trigger 
additional obligations under its covered bonds or under certain bilateral provisions in some trading, 
derivative or collateralized financing contacts. As part of the BNP Paribas Group, BNPPF can be highly 
sensitive to a downgrade by rating agencies of the rating of the parent company of the BNP Paribas 
Group or a deterioration of its debt quality. 
In addition, BNPPF's cost of obtaining long term unsecured funding from market investors is also 
directly related to its credit spreads, which in turn depend to a certain extent on its credit ratings. 
Increases in credit spreads can significantly increase BNPPF's cost of funding. Changes in credit spreads 
are continuous, market driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. 
Credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of BNPPF's creditworthiness.

--- Page 30 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
30 
Furthermore, credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the cost to purchasers of credit default 
swaps referenced to BNPPF's debt obligations, which are influenced both by the credit quality of those 
obligations, and by a number of market factors that are beyond the control of the BNP Paribas Group. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment 
Adverse economic and financial conditions have in the past had and may in the future have an impact 
on BNPPF and the markets in which it operates (Global Criticality: medium) 
BNPPF's business is sensitive to changes in the financial markets and more generally to economic 
conditions in Belgium (53% of BNPPF's revenues at 31 December 2019), other countries in Europe 
(32% of BNPPF's revenues at 31 December 2019) and the rest of the world (15% of BNPPF's revenues 
at 31 December 2019). A deterioration in economic conditions in the markets where BNPPF operates 
could have some or all of the following impacts: 
 
adverse economic conditions could affect the business and operations of BNPPF's customers, 
reducing credit demand and trading volume and resulting in an increased rate of default on 
loans and other receivables; 
 
a decline in market prices of bonds, equities and commodities could impact many of the 
businesses of BNPPF, including in particular trading, Investment Banking and asset 
management revenues; 
 
macroeconomic policies adopted in response to actual or anticipated economic conditions could 
have unintended effects, and are likely to impact market parameters such as interest rates and 
foreign exchange rates, which in turn could affect BNPPF's businesses that are most exposed 
to market risk; 
 
perceived favourable economic conditions generally or in specific business sectors could result 
in asset price bubbles, which could in turn exacerbate the impact of corrections when conditions 
become less favourable; 
 
a significant economic disruption (such as the global financial crisis of 2008 or the European 
sovereign debt crisis of 2011) could have a severe impact on all of BNPPF's activities, 
particularly if the disruption is characterized by an absence of market liquidity that makes it 
difficult to sell certain categories of assets at their estimated market value or at all; 
 
a significant deterioration of market and economic conditions resulting from, among other 
things, from adverse political and geopolitical events such as natural disasters, geopolitical 
tensions (in particular protectionist measures), emergence of health risks such as pandemics, 
acts of terrorism, societal unrest, cyber attacks, military conflicts or threats thereof and related 
risks could affect the operating environment for BNPPF episodically or for extended periods. 
In 2020, European economies and financial markets will be particularly sensitive to a number of factors, 
including, for example, tensions around international trade (protectionist measures, such as customs 
duties, the "trade war" between the United States and China and tensions between the United States and 
Europe), geopolitical tensions (particularly in the Middle East and, more generally, between the United 
States and Iran), political risks directly affecting Europe (including the implementation of Brexit and 
the rise of populism), a persisting climate of sluggish economic growth, the volatility in commodity 
prices (itself affected by the above-mentioned factors) and, as discussed below, the evolution of 
monetary policy or the impact of health risks related to a pandemic such as the coronavirus. 
More generally, increased volatility of financial markets could adversely affect BNPPF's trading and 
investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, as well as its positions in 
other investments. Severe market disruptions and extreme market volatility have occurred in recent

--- Page 31 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
31 
years and may occur again in the future, which could result in significant losses for BNPPF. Such losses 
may extend to a broad range of trading and hedging products, including swaps, forward and future 
contracts, options and structured products. The volatility of financial markets makes it difficult to 
predict trends and implement effective trading strategies. 
It is difficult to predict when economic or market downturns or other market disruptions will occur, and 
which markets will be most significantly impacted. If economic or market conditions in Belgium or 
elsewhere in Europe, or Global Markets more generally, were to deteriorate or become more volatile, 
BNPPF's operations could be disrupted, and its business, results of operations and financial condition 
could be adversely affected. 
Significant interest rate changes could adversely affect BNPPF's revenues or profitability. The 
prolonged low interest rate environment carries inherent systemic risks, which could impact BNPPF's 
income or profitability, and any exit from such environment would also carry risks (Global Criticality: 
medium) 
The net interest income earned by BNPPF during any given period significantly affects its overall 
revenues and profitability for that period. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond 
BNPPF's control, such as the rate of inflation, country-specific monetary policies and certain decisions 
concerning regulatory capital. Changes in market interest rates could affect the interest rates charged 
on interest-earning assets differently than the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Any 
adverse change in the yield curve could cause a decline in net interest income generated by BNPPF's 
lending activities. In addition, increases in the interest rates at which BNPPF's short-term funding is 
available and maturity mismatches may adversely affect its profitability. 
Since the 2008 2009 financial crisis, Global Markets have been characterized by an extended period of 
low interest rates. This low interest rate environment has weighed significantly on banks' profitability, 
including that of BNPPF, for a number of years. The relative impact on banks depends, in particular, 
on the proportion of their revenues represented by net interest income. The situation worsened in 2019, 
in particular with the emergence and increasing prevalence of loans at negative interest rates, including 
placements by European banks with the ECB. If the low, and even negative, interest rate environment 
continues, as a result, for example, of continued monetary loosening, low growth or other factors, 
BNPPF's profitability could be impacted or even decline. In this respect, the ECB announced in 2019 – 
in the face of slower than anticipated growth – a status quo on its benchmark lending rates until at least 
the first half of 2020, new targeted longer-term financing operations (TLTRO) bearing, under certain 
conditions, negative rates, and, in September 2019, the resumption of its quantitative easing policy, 
which had been suspended a few months earlier. In addition, the persistently low interest rate 
environment blunts the effectiveness of monetary policies against declining growth or recessions. 
During periods of low interest rates, interest rate spreads tend to tighten, and BNPPF may be unable to 
lower interest rates on deposits sufficiently to offset reduced income from lending at lower interest 
rates. Net interest income amounted to EUR 4,874 million in 2018 and EUR 4,792 million in 2019, 
respectively (see the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus). On an indicative basis, over one-, two- and three-year timeframes, the sensitivity of 
revenues at 31 December 2019 to a parallel, instantaneous and definitive increase in market rates of 
+50 basis points (+0.5%) across all currencies has an impact of -EUR 2, +EUR 97 and +EUR 197, 
respectively, or -0%, +1% and 2% of BNPPF's net banking income. The negative interest rate 
environment in which banks are charged for cash deposited with central banks, whereas banks typically 
do not charge clients for deposits, weighs on banks' margins. In addition, BNPPF has been facing and 
may continue to face an increase in early repayment and refinancing of mortgages and other fixed rate 
consumer and corporate loans as clients take advantage of lower borrowing costs. This, along with the 
issuance of new loans at the low prevailing market interest rates, has resulted and may continue to result 
in a decrease in the average interest rate of BNPPF's portfolio of loans thereby causing a decline in its 
net interest income from lending activities. Moreover, an environment of persistently low interest rates

--- Page 32 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
32 
can also have the effect of flattening the yield curve in the market more generally, which could reduce 
the premium generated by BNPPF from its funding activities. A flattening yield curve can also influence 
financial institutions to engage in riskier activities in an effort to earn the desired level of returns, which 
can increase overall market risk and volatility. Low interest rates may also affect the profitability and 
even the solvency of the insurance activities of BNPPF, particularly due to the prevalence in the market 
of life insurance contracts backed by euro-denominated funds, which may not be able to generate 
sufficient returns to be competitive with other investment products. Low interest rates may also 
adversely affect commissions charged by BNPPF's asset management subsidiaries on money market 
and other fixed income products. A reduction in credit spreads and decline in Retail Banking income 
resulting from lower portfolio interest rates may adversely affect the profitability of BNPPF's Retail 
Banking operations. 
On the other hand, the end of a period of prolonged low interest rates, in particular due to tightening 
monetary policy (itself triggered in particular by increases in economic growth or in inflation at rates 
higher than expected by central banks) would also carry risks. If market interest rates were to rise, a 
portfolio featuring significant amounts of lower interest loans and fixed income assets would be 
expected to decline in value. If BNPPF's hedging strategies are ineffective or provide only a partial 
hedge against such a change in value, BNPPF could incur losses. Any sharper or more rapid than 
expected tightening could have a negative impact on the economic recovery. On the lending side, it 
could in particular cause stress in loan and bond portfolios, possibly leading to an increase in non 
performing exposures and defaults. More generally, the ending of accommodative monetary policies 
(including liquidity infusions from central bank asset purchases) may lead to severe corrections in 
certain markets or asset classes (such as non investment grade corporate and sovereign borrowers, 
certain sectors of equities and real estate) that particularly benefited (including from very low risk 
premiums as compared to historical averages) from the prolonged low interest rate and high liquidity 
environment, and such corrections could potentially be contagious to financial markets generally, 
including through substantially increased volatility. 
Given the global scope of its activities, BNPPF may be vulnerable to risk in certain countries where it 
operates and may be vulnerable to political, macroeconomic or financial changes in the countries and 
regions where it operates (Global Criticality: medium) 
BNPPF is subject to country risk, meaning the risk that economic, financial, political or social 
conditions in a given foreign country in which it operates could affect its business and results. BNPPF 
monitors country risk and takes it into account in the fair value adjustments and cost of risk recorded in 
its financial statements. However, a significant change in political or macroeconomic environments 
may require it to record additional charges or to incur losses beyond the amounts previously written 
down in its financial statements. In addition, factors specific to a country or region in which BNPPF 
operates could make it difficult for it to carry out its business and lead to losses or impairment of assets. 
At 31 December 2019, BNPPF's loan portfolio consisted of receivables from borrowers located in 
Belgium (51%), France (11%), Luxembourg (7%), other European countries (21%), North America 
(1%), and the rest of the world (9%). Adverse conditions that particularly affect these countries and 
regions would have a particularly significant impact on BNPPF. 
Regulatory risks 
BNPPF may incur substantial fines and other administrative and criminal penalties for non compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations, and may also incur losses in related (or unrelated) litigation with 
private parties (Global Criticality: medium) 
BNPPF is exposed to regulatory compliance risk, i.e., the failure to comply fully with the laws, 
regulations, codes of conduct, professional norms or recommendations applicable to the financial 
services industry. This risk is exacerbated by the adoption by different countries of multiple and 
occasionally diverging and even conflicting legal or regulatory requirements. Besides damage to

--- Page 33 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
33 
BNPPF's reputation and private rights of action (including class actions), non compliance could lead to 
material legal proceedings, fines and expenses (including fines and expenses in excess of recorded 
provisions), public reprimand, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, withdrawal by 
the authorities of operating licenses. This risk is further exacerbated by continuously increasing 
regulatory scrutiny of financial institutions as well as substantial increases in the quantum of applicable 
fines and penalties. Moreover, litigation by private parties against financial institutions has substantially 
increased in recent years. Accordingly, BNPPF faces significant legal risk in its operations, and the 
volume and amount of damages claimed in litigation, regulatory proceedings and other adversarial 
proceedings against financial services firms have substantially increased in recent years and may 
increase further. BNPPF may record provisions in this respect as indicated in its Annual Report 2019, 
under chapter "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2019", 5. "Notes to the balance sheet at 
31 December 2019", 5n Provisions for contingencies and charges", which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
On 30 June 2014 the BNP Paribas Group entered into a series of agreements with, and was the subject 
of several orders issued by, U.S. federal and New York state government agencies and regulatory 
authorities in settlement of investigations into violations of U.S. laws and regulations regarding 
economic sanctions. The BNP Paribas Group remains subject to increased scrutiny by regulatory 
authorities (including via the presence of an independent consultant within the BNP Paribas Group) 
who are monitoring its compliance with a remediation plan agreed with them. 
Furthermore, several (previous) shareholders and organisations representing shareholders of Ageas 
SA/NV (previously Fortis SA/NV and Fortis N.V.) have initiated proceedings in Belgium and in The 
Netherlands against, amongst others, BNPPF in connection with events and developments in respect of 
the former Fortis group between May 2007 and October 2008, amongst others in connection with the 
rights issue of Ageas SA/NV in October 2007. In February 2013 the public prosecutor in Brussels has 
requested the Council's chamber of the court ("raadkamer/chambre du conseil") to refer certain 
individuals for trial before the Criminal court of Brussels in respect of certain of these events and 
developments. As an additional investigation had been ordered, the hearing before the Council's 
chamber of the court had been postponed. Moreover, other litigation or investigations are pending in 
relation to the restructuring of the former Fortis group. It cannot be ruled out that the outcome of such 
"Fortis Legacy" litigations and/or investigations might also have an impact on BNPPF. 
The majority of these lawsuits has or shall be ended pursuant to a Collective Settlement of Mass Claims 
which has been declared binding by the Amsterdam Appeal Court in 2018. Only these shareholders 
who explicitly opted out should be allowed to continue their legal actions against BNPPF and it cannot 
be excluded that such legal proceedings would have monetary consequences. 
The examining magistrate of the Court of First Instance in Brussels in charge since 2008 of investigating 
the case relating to the above-mentioned events has concluded his investigation. The Public Prosecutor 
has never asked the referral of BNPPF to the criminal court and he has stated on 20 December 2018 
that he sees no reasons to request the Council's chamber of the Court to order a referral. It is therefore 
expected that these proceedings will be terminated but no timeframe can be given at this moment since 
the Council's chamber has not yet rendered a decision as of the date of this Base Prospectus. A first 
introductory hearing before the Council's chamber took place on 17 February 2020. Pleadings are 
scheduled on 8 and 9 June 2020. 
BNPPF is currently involved in various other litigations and investigations as summarized in its note to 
its consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2019 (see the Annual Report 
2019 of BNPPF, under Chapter "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2019", 8. "Additional 
information", 8.a Contingent liabilities: legal proceedings and arbitration, which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
34 
It may become involved in further such matters at any point. No assurance can be given that an adverse 
outcome in one or more of such matters would not have a material adverse effect on BNPPF's operating 
results for any particular period. 
Laws and regulations adopted in recent years, particularly in response to the global financial crisis, as 
well as new legislative proposals, may materially impact BNPPF and the financial and economic 
environment in which it operates (Global Criticality: low) 
Laws and regulations have been enacted in the past few years, in particular in Belgium, Europe and the 
United States, with a view to introducing a number of changes, some permanent, in the financial 
environment. The impact of the measures has changed substantially the environment in which BNPPF 
and other financial institutions operate. 
The measures that have been adopted include: 
 
more stringent capital and liquidity requirements (particularly for global systemically important 
banks such as the BNP Paribas Group), as well as changes to the risk-weighting methodologies 
and the methods of using internal models that could lead to increased capital requirements; 
 
restrictions on certain types of activities considered as speculative undertaken by commercial 
banks that are prohibited or need to be ring fenced in subsidiaries (particularly proprietary 
trading) and are subject to prudential requirements and autonomous funding; 
 
prohibitions or restrictions on certain types of financial products or activities; 
 
enhanced recovery and resolution regimes, in particular the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive of 15 May 2014 (the "BRRD"), as amended from time to time, which strengthens 
powers to prevent and resolve banking crises in order to ensure that losses are borne largely by 
the creditors and shareholders of the banks and in order to keep the costs incurred by taxpayers 
to a minimum; 
 
the establishment of the national resolution funds by the BRRD and the creation of the Single 
Resolution Board (the "SRB") by the European Parliament and Council of the European Union 
in a resolution dated 15 July 2014 (the SRM Regulation), as amended from time to time, which 
can initiate resolution proceedings for banking institutions such as BNPPF, and the Single 
Resolution Fund (the "SRF"), the financing of which by BNPPF (up to its annual contribution) 
can besignificant; 
 
the establishment of national deposit guarantee schemes and a proposed European deposit 
guarantee scheme or deposit insurance which will gradually cover all or part of the guarantee 
schemes of participating countries; 
 
increased internal control and reporting requirements with respect to certain activities; 
 
greater powers granted to the relevant authorities to combat money laundering and terrorism 
financing; 
 
more stringent governance and conduct of business rules and restrictions and increased taxes 
on employee compensation over specified levels; 
 
measures to improve the transparency, efficiency and integrity of financial markets and in 
particular the regulation of high frequency trading, more extensive market abuse regulations, 
increased regulation of certain types of financial products including mandatory reporting of 
derivative and securities financing transactions, requirements either to mandatorily clear, or 
otherwise mitigate risks in relation to, over the counter derivative transactions (including 
through posting of collateral in respect of non centrally cleared derivatives);

--- Page 35 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
35 
 
the taxation of financial transactions; 
 
enhanced protection of personal data and cybersecurity requirements; 
 
enhanced disclosure requirements, for instance in the area of sustainable finance; and 
 
strengthening the powers of supervisory bodies and the creation of new authorities, including 
the adoption of the SRM in October 2013, which placed BNPPF under the direct supervision 
of the ECB as of November 2014.  
These measures may have a significant adverse impact. For example, the introduction of a required 
contribution to the SRF resulted in a substantial additional expense for BNPPF (BNPPF made a EUR 
58 million contribution to the SRF in 2019).  
Measures relating to the banking sector could be further amended, expanded or strengthened. Moreover, 
additional measures could be adopted in other areas. It is impossible to predict what additional measures 
will be adopted and, given the complexity and continuing uncertainty of a certain number of these 
measures, to determine their impact on BNPPF. The effect of these measures, whether already adopted 
or that may be adopted in the future, has been and could continue to be a decrease in BNPPF's ability 
to allocate its capital and capital resources to financing, limit its ability to diversify risks, reduce the 
availability of certain financing and liquidity resources, increase the cost of financing, increase the cost 
of compliance, increase the cost or reduce the demand for the products and services offered by BNPPF, 
require BNPPF to proceed with internal reorganizations, structural changes or reallocations, affect the 
ability of BNPPF to carry on certain activities or to attract and/or retain talent and, more generally, 
affect its competitiveness and profitability, which could have an impact on its profitability, financial 
condition and operating results. For example, the European Banking Authority estimated, in a report 
published on 5 August 2019, that the implementation of the final Basel III agreement adopted by the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) on 7 December 2017 may result, 
under conservative assumptions, in an increase of the Tier 1 minimum required capital amount by 24.4% 
with respect to the June 2018 baseline, which would cause, for the 189 banks in the sample, a shortfall 
in total capital of EUR 135.1 billion, of which EUR 91.1 billion common equity Tier 1. 
BNPPF is subject to extensive and evolving regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
BNPPF faces the risk of changes in legislation or regulation in all of the countries in which it operates, 
including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
monetary, liquidity, interest rate and other policies of central banks and regulatory authorities; 
 
changes in government or regulatory policy that may significantly influence investor decisions, 
in particular in the markets in which BNPPF operates; 
 
changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the financial industry, such as rules relating 
to applicable governance, remunerations, capital adequacy and liquidity frameworks, 
restrictions on activities considered as speculative and recovery and resolution frameworks; 
 
changes in securities regulations as well as in financial reporting, disclosure and market abuse 
regulations; 
 
changes in the regulation of certain types of transactions and investments, such as derivatives 
and securities financing transactions and money market funds; 
 
changes in the regulation of market infrastructures, such as trading venues, central 
counterparties, central securities depositories, and payment and settlement systems; 
 
changes in the regulation of payment services, crowdfunding and fintech;

--- Page 36 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
36 
 
changes in the regulation of protection of personal data and cybersecurity; 
 
changes in tax legislation or the application thereof; 
 
changes in accounting norms; 
 
changes in rules and procedures relating to internal controls, risk management and compliance; 
and 
 
expropriation, nationalization, price controls, exchange controls, confiscation of assets and 
changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership. 
These changes, the scope and implications of which are highly unpredictable, could substantially affect 
BNPPF and have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Some 
reforms not aimed specifically at financial institutions, such as measures relating to the funds industry 
or promoting technological innovation (such as open data projects), could facilitate the entry of new 
players in the financial services sector or otherwise affect BNPPF's business model, competitiveness 
and profitability, which could in turn affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
BNPPF could experience an unfavorable change in circumstances, causing it to become subject to a 
resolution proceeding: BNPPF security holders could suffer losses as a result (Global Criticality: low) 
The BRRD, SRM Regulation and the Law of 25 April 2014, confer upon the NBB or the SRB the power 
to commence resolution proceedings for a banking institution, such as BNPPF, with a view to ensure 
the continuity of critical functions, to avoid the risks of contagion and to recapitalize or restore the 
viability of the institution. These powers are to be implemented so that, subject to certain exceptions, 
losses are borne first by shareholders, then by holders of additional capital instruments qualifying as 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), then by the holders of non-preferred senior debt and 
finally by the holders of senior preferred debt, all in accordance with the order of their claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. For reference, BNPPF's medium- to long-term wholesale financing at 31 
December 2019 consisted of the following: EUR 0.7bn in hybrid Tier 1 debt, EUR 2.6bn in Tier 2 
subordinated debt, EUR 2.5bn in structured notes and EUR 9.6bn in other senior unsecured. 
Resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution measures with respect to institutions 
and groups subject to resolution proceedings, which may include (without limitation): the total or partial 
sale of the institution's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the 
replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, the full or partial 
write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital instruments through the issuance of new equity, 
the full or partial write down or conversion into equity of debt instruments (e.g. as part of the bail-in 
tool), modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount 
of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing the listing and 
admission to trading of financial instruments, the dismissal of managers or the appointment of a special 
manager (administrateur spécial). Although Article 242, 10° of the Banking Law explicitly excludes 
covered bonds (including the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued pursuant to the Programme) from the scope 
of eligible debts that may be subject to bail-in powers, other debts instruments of the Issuer could still 
be bailed in and parts of the Issuer could still go through normal insolvency proceedings. 
Certain powers, including the full or partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital 
instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write down or conversion into equity 
of additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), can also 
be exercised as a precautionary measure, outside of resolution proceedings and/or pursuant to the 
European Commission's State Aid framework if the institution requires exceptional public financial 
support.

--- Page 37 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
37 
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to BNPPF may result in significant structural 
changes to BNPPF (including as a result of asset or business sales or the creation of bridge institutions) 
and in a partial or total write down, modification or variation of claims of shareholders and creditors. 
Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of BNPPF's business or separation of any 
of its assets, in the holders of securities (even in the absence of any such write down or conversion) 
being left as the creditors of BNPPF whose remaining business or assets are insufficient to support the 
claims of all or any of the creditors of the BNP Paribas Group. 
Risks related to the implementation of BNPPF's growth in its current environment 
Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their 
economic consequences may adversely affect the BNPPF's business, operations and financial condition 
(Global Criticality: high) 
A novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged in China in December 2019 and has since 
spread to numerous countries throughout the globe; the World Health Organization declared the 
outbreak a pandemic in March 2020. Both the outbreak and government measures taken in response 
(including border closings, travel restrictions, confinement measures) have had and may continue to 
have a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on economic activity and financial markets globally. 
The slowdowns of the economies particularly affected (such as China, Italy, France, Spain and other 
European countries, the United States, the United Kingdom) as well as the reduction in global trade and 
commerce more generally have had and are likely to continue to have negative effects on global 
economic conditions as global production, investments, supply chains and consumer spending are 
affected and further restrictions are implemented. 
In response to the adverse economic and market consequences of the pandemic, various governments 
and central banks have taken or announced measures to support the economy (including loan guarantee 
schemes, tax payment deferrals, expanded unemployment coverage) or to improve liquidity in the 
financial markets (including increased asset purchases and funding facilities). BNPPF is mobilized to 
channel these measures and support customers in particular in its domestic markets' networks. No 
assurance can be given, however, that such measures will suffice to offset the negative effects of the 
pandemic on the economy regionally or globally, to stave off regional or global recessions or to stabilize 
financial markets. The economic environment may well deteriorate further before beginning to improve. 
BNPPF is exposed to risks from the pandemic and its economic and market consequences both due to 
its inherent general sensitivity, as a financial institution, to macroeconomic and market conditions, as 
well as to specific implications, as described below. 
BNPPF's results and financial condition could be adversely affected by reduced economic activity and 
potentially recessions in its principal markets. The containment measures taken in several of the 
principal countries where BNPPF operates, in particular its domestic markets (Belgium, Luxembourg 
and Turkey), are significantly reducing economic activity and a substantial prolongation of such 
measures could result in local or regional recessions. The impacts of these measures could affect 
BNPPF's results due to reduced revenues and to deteriorated asset quality both generally and in specific 
sectors that are particularly affected. BNPPF's results and financial condition could be adversely 
affected to the extent that the counterparties to whom it has exposure in these sectors (and more 
generally, to the extent the negative effect on credit quality is more widespread) could be materially 
and adversely affected, resulting in particular in an increase in the BNPPF's cost of risk. 
BNPPF's results and financial condition could also be negatively affected by adverse trends in financial 
markets to the extent that the pandemic has led in particular to extreme market conditions (including 
market volatility spikes, sharp drop in equity markets, tension on spreads, specific asset markets on 
hold). This situation could have an adverse impact on BNPPF's market activities, resulting in trading or 
other market-related losses. Moreover, some investment portfolios (for example, in BNPPF's insurance

--- Page 38 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
38 
subsidiaries) are accounted for on a mark to market basis and could thus be impacted by deteriorated 
market conditions. 
Uncertainty as to the duration and extent of the pandemic makes the overall impact on the world 
economy unpredictable. The extent to which the pandemic and its economic consequences will affect 
BNPPF's results and financial condition will depend on future developments, including (i) the impact 
of the measures taken to date or future measures that may be taken by governments and central banks 
and (ii) the actual severity and duration of the pandemic and the nature, extent and duration of the 
measures taken to contain or treat its impact in the various markets where BNPPF operates. In addition 
while central bank and government actions and support measures taken in response to the pandemic 
may well help attenuate its adverse economic and market consequences, they have also issued and may 
issue additional restrictions or recommendations in respect of banks' actions (in particular, the 
recommendation issued by the ECB on 27 March 2020). In particular they may limit or seek to limit 
banks' flexibility in managing their business and taking action in relation to capital distribution and 
capital allocation. In the context hereof, BNP Paribas Fortis shall not be distributing any dividend to its 
shareholders in 2020 linked to the financial years 2019 and 2020. 
BNPPF's current environment may be affected by the intense competition amongst banking and non 
banking operators, which could adversely affect BNPPF's revenues and profitability (Global 
Criticality: medium) 
Competition is intense in all of BNPPF's primary business areas in Belgium and the other countries in 
which it conducts a substantial portion of its business, including other European countries and the 
United States. Competition in the banking industry could intensify as a result of consolidation in the 
financial services area, as a result of the presence of new players in the payment and the financing 
services area or the development of crowdfunding platforms, as well as the continuing evolution of 
consumer habits in the banking sector. While BNPPF has launched initiatives in these areas, such as 
the debut of Hello bank!, competitors subject to less extensive regulatory requirements or to less strict 
capital requirements (such as debt funds and shadow banks), or benefiting from economies of scale, 
data synergies, technological innovation (such as internet and mobile operators, digital platforms, 
fintechs), or free access to customer financial data could be more competitive by offering lower prices 
and more innovative services to address the new needs of consumers. In addition, new payment systems 
and crypto-currencies, such as Bitcoin, and new technology that facilitate transaction processes, such 
as blockchain, have developed in recent years. While it is difficult to predict the effects of these 
emerging technologies as well as any applicable regulations, their use could nevertheless reduce 
BNPPF's market share or secure investments that otherwise would have used technology used by more 
established financial institutions, such as BNPPF. If BNPPF is unable to respond to the competitive 
environment in France or in its other major markets by offering more attractive, innovative and 
profitable product and service solutions than those offered by current competitors or new entrants, it 
may lose market share in key areas of its business or incur losses on some or all of its activities. In 
addition, downturns in the economies of its principal markets could add to the competitive pressure, 
through, for example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes for BNPPF and its 
competitors (the results of BNPPF's various business lines in 2019 are described in the press release 
presenting the 2019 results, published on 13 of March 2020). It is also possible that the imposition of 
more stringent requirements (particularly capital requirements and business restrictions) on large or 
systemically significant financial institutions, could lead to distortions in competition in a manner 
adverse to large private sector institutions such as BNPPF. 
BNPPF could experience business disruption and losses due to climate change risks such as transition 
risks, physical risks or liability risks (Global Criticality: low) 
BNPPF is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own operations or 
indirectly through its financing and investment activities. There are two main types of risks related to 
climate change: (i) transition risks, which result from changes in the behaviour of economic and

--- Page 39 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
39 
financial actors in response to the implementation of energy policies or technological changes; (ii) 
physical risks, which result from the direct impact of climate change on people and property through 
extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising water levels or increasing temperatures. In 
addition, liability risks may arise from both categories of risk. They correspond to the damages that a 
legal entity would have to pay if it were found to be responsible for global warming. BNPPF is 
progressively integrating the assessment of these risks into its risk management system. The BNP 
Paribas Group monitors these risks in the conduct of its business, in the conduct of its counterparties' 
business, and in its investments on its own behalf and on behalf of third parties. In this respect, the 
specific credit policies and the General Credit Policy have been enhanced since 2012 and 2014, 
respectively, with the addition of relevant clauses in terms of social and environmental responsibility. 
In addition, sector-specific policies and policies excluding certain environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) sectors from financing have also been put in place. In 2019, as part of the fight against climate 
change, the BNP Paribas Group made new commitments to reduce its exposure to thermal coal to zero 
by 2030 in the European Union and by 2040 for the rest of the world. The BNP Paribas Group also 
supports its clients, both individuals and businesses, in their transition to a lowcarbon economy. The 
BNP Paribas Group also aims to reduce the environmental footprint of its own operations. Despite the 
actions taken by the BNP Paribas Group to monitor risks and combat climate change, physical, 
transition or liability risks related to climate change could disrupt business or lead to losses. 
Changes in certain holdings in credit or financial institutions could have an impact on BNPPF's 
financial position (Global Criticality: low) 
Amounts below the thresholds for prudential capital deduction are assets subject to a risk-weight of 
250%. These assets include: credit or financial institutions consolidated under the equity method within 
the prudential scope (excluding insurance); significant financial interest in credit or financial institutions 
in which BNPPF holds a stake of more than 10%; and deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability 
and arise from temporary differences. 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 6,743 million at 31 December 
2019, or 5% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see the document "Pillar 3 Disclosure for the 
year 2019" published by BNPPF, on page 11).

--- Page 40 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
40 
2. Risks relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Risks related to Mortgage Pandbrieven in general. 
The risk factors below include a summary description of certain risks relating to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in general: 
The Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven prior to their stated maturity, subject to 
certain conditions 
The Conditions provide for an early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the case of an illegality 
or tax gross-up. Investors willing to reinvest the funds received in such case may face reinvestment risk 
in light of the available investment opportunities at such time. Investors may only be able to reinvest in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Moreover, following the opening of winding-up proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool 
Administrator may in certain circumstances proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and early 
redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (see section “Realisation of the Special Estate and Sale of 
Cover Assets” below). There is a risk that, in such circumstances, the proceeds from the liquidation of 
the Special Estate will not be sufficient to cover the Early Redemption Amount due under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and that Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative on their behalf will have to introduce a contingent unsecured claim against the Issuer’s 
general bankruptcy estate in order to preserve their recourse against the General Estate. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven or have different terms to any existing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (in which 
case they will constitute a new Series). All Mortgage Pandbrieven will rank pari passu and pro rata 
without any preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series. 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and service by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative of a Notice of Default, the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all outstanding Series will become 
immediately due and payable against the Issuer. 
Tax laws of the investors’ jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction may have an impact on the 
value and liquidity of and return on the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
This Base Prospectus includes general summaries of the Belgian tax considerations relating to an 
investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Such summaries may not apply to a particular Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holder or to a particular issue and do not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, 
the tax treatment may change before the maturity of Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any potential investor 
should consult its own independent tax adviser for more information about the tax consequences of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Mortgage Pandbrieven in its particular circumstances. 
Credit ratings 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated and one or more 
independent credit rating agencies may assign (additional) credit ratings to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
or the Issuer. Where a Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven is rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches or Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If applicable, the expected credit ratings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is (are) set out in the applicable 
Final Terms for each Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. In addition to issuing Mortgage Pandbrieven that 
are rated, the Issuer may also issue Mortgage Pandbrieven which are unrated. Credit rating agencies 
may also assign (additional) credit rating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven on an unsolicited basis.

--- Page 41 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
41 
There is no guarantee that ratings will be assigned or maintained. If any credit rating assigned to the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
reduce. 
Liabilities under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be solely obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer will be liable solely in 
its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and such obligations 
will not be the obligations of its respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, any other 
entity or person than the Issuer, in whatever capacity acting, including (without limitation) the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Cover Pool Administrator, the 
Competent Authority, the Agents, the Hedging Counterparties, the Arranger, or the Dealer or any of 
their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. None of the Arranger, 
the Dealer, the Hedging Counterparties, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover 
Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Cover Pool Administrator, the Competent Authority, any company in the 
same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the Programme Documents will accept 
any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Modifications and waivers under the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Programme Documents 
without Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ consent 
Pursuant to the Conditions and the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may, without the consent or sanction 
of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or any of the other Other Cover Pool Creditors, agree to 
modifications and waivers under the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Programme Documents consent if: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the proposed 
amendment or waiver will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders of any Series; or 
(b) 
such proposed amendment or waiver is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(c) 
the modification in the opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; or 
(d) 
such modification or amendment would cause such Programme Document to better reflect or 
comply with the provisions and requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
Furthermore, the Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the Conditions and the 
Programme Documents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders including Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
certain changes may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of Floating Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in such Condition, without the consent or approval of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders.

--- Page 42 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
42 
Certain decisions of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders need to be taken at Programme level 
A resolution to direct the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative to start any enforcement 
action must be taken by way of an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of all Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders of all Series then outstanding. 
Limited liquidity in the secondary market in Mortgage Pandbrieven 
A secondary market for Mortgage Pandbrieven may not continue for the maturity of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or it may not provide Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders with liquidity of investment with the 
result that a Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Mortgage 
Pandbrieven readily or at prices that will enable the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder to realise a desired 
yield. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven on a stock exchange, 
regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (MTF). If Mortgage Pandbrieven are not listed or 
traded on any stock exchange, regulated market or MTF, pricing information for the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Mortgage Pandbrieven may be 
adversely affected, and therefore the price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven could be affected by their 
limited liquidity. 
If Mortgage Pandbrieven are not listed or traded on a stock exchange, regulated market or MTF, they 
may be traded on trading systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. 
multilateral trading systems) or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems, or equivalent trading 
systems). In the event that trading in such Mortgage Pandbrieven takes place outside any such stock 
exchange, regulated market or MTF, the manner in which the price of such Mortgage Pandbrieven is 
determined may be less transparent and the liquidity of such Mortgage Pandbrieven may be adversely 
affected. Investors should note that the Issuer does not grant any warranty to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders as to the methodologies used to determine the price of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are traded 
outside a trading system, however, where the Issuer or any of its affiliates determines the price of such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, it will take into account the market parameters applicable at such time in 
accordance with applicable provisions of law. Even if Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed and/or admitted 
to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Mortgage Pandbrieven 
at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Mortgage Pandbrieven so 
purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If any Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
redeemed in part, then the number of Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding will decrease, which will 
reduce liquidity for the outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any such activities may have an adverse 
effect on the price of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven in the secondary market and/or the existence 
of a secondary market. 
Any Dealer or any of its affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a market maker, liquidity provider, 
specialist or bid intermediary, for an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven. Even if a Dealer is a market-
maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary for an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
secondary market for such Mortgage Pandbrieven may be limited and there is no assurance given as to 
the price offered by a market-maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary or the impact of 
any such quoted prices on those available in the wider market and any such activities may be affected 
by legal restrictions in certain jurisdictions. 
The appointment of an entity acting as a market maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary 
with respect to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, may, under certain circumstances, have a relevant impact on 
the price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the secondary market.

--- Page 43 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
43 
If it is possible to sell Mortgage Pandbrieven, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the 
market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several 
factors including prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, the time remaining to the stated maturity 
date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and factors affecting the capital markets generally. The 
introduction of additional or competing products in the market may also have a negative effect on the 
price of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. It is therefore possible that an investor selling Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in the secondary market may receive substantially less than their original purchase price. 
Limited liquidity in the secondary market may continue to have a severe adverse effect on the market 
value of debt securities, especially those securities that are more sensitive to prepayment, credit or 
interest rate risk and those securities that have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. Consequently, an investor in the Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be able 
to sell its Mortgage Pandbrieven readily. The market values of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are likely to 
fluctuate and may be difficult to determine. Any of these fluctuations may be significant and could 
result in significant losses to such investor. 
In addition, the forced sale into the market of debt securities held by structured investment vehicles, 
hedge funds, issuers of collateralised debt obligations and other similar entities that are experiencing 
funding difficulties could adversely affect an investor’s ability to sell, and/or the price that an investor 
receives for the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the secondary market. 
Reference Rates and Benchmark   
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR) and the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), which are used to determine the 
amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (Benchmark), 
have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created 
and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further 
changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it 
has done in the past or to be discontinued, which could have a material adverse effect on any Floating 
Rate Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
In particular, on 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority 
(FCA), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its 
powers to compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of 
LIBOR after 2021. The announcement indicated that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is 
not guaranteed after 2021. Subsequent speeches by the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority and other Financial Conduct Authority officials have emphasised that 
market participants should not rely on the continued publication of LIBOR after the end of 2021. Other 
interbank offered rates suffer from similar weaknesses to LIBOR and although work continues on 
reforming their respective methodologies to make them more grounded in actual transactions, they may 
be discontinued or be subject to changes in their administration. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other Benchmark, changes in the manner of administration of any 
Benchmark, or any other Benchmark Event could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation and related provisions of the Conditions as well as the Agency Agreement (as further 
described in Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark replacement)), or result in adverse consequences to holders 
of any Mortgage Pandbrieven linked to such Benchmark (including Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR or any other Benchmark that is or may become 
the subject of reform, change or discontinuation). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any 
changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a 
Benchmark may adversely affect such Benchmark during the term of the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven.

--- Page 44 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
44 
Mortgage Pandbrieven with an Extended Maturity Date. 
The Final Terms applicable to a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven may provide that the obligations of 
the Issuer to pay the Principal Amount Outstanding due on the relevant Maturity Date (the Final 
Redemption Amount) may be deferred until a later date (such date the Extended Maturity Date). To 
the extent an Extended Maturity Date is applicable in respect of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are subject to an extension risk. The extension of the Maturity Date will 
occur automatically if the Issuer has failed to pay any amount of the Final Redemption Amount within 
fourteen (14) calendar days after the applicable Final Maturity Date of such Series (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). Notwithstanding such extension, the Issuer shall be entitled to pay, in whole 
or in part, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount remaining unpaid on the relevant 
Maturity Date, on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the Extended Maturity 
Date (provided that it will in any event have to be paid in full on the relevant Extended Maturity Date). 
If on any such Interest Payment Date, the Issuer pays only a part of the Final Redemption Amount, this 
repaid amount will be apportioned to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders pro rata the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of their Mortgage Pandbrieven. The payment of the (remaining) Final Redemption Amount 
shall become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event the maturity of the Final Redemption Amount is extended from the applicable Maturity 
Date until the Extended Maturity Date, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders shall not be entitled to 
accelerate the Mortgage Pandbrieven or to take any action against the Issuer and the Special Estate. The 
amount unpaid under the Mortgage Pandbrieven will continue to accrue interest up to the Extended 
Maturity Date or, if redeemed earlier in full, on such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, in accordance with the Conditions and the Issuer will make payments 
of accrued interest on each relevant Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity 
Date or, if redeemed earlier in full, on such Interest Payment Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are redeemed in full, until the Final Redemption Amount is paid in full. Unless otherwise set out in the 
applicable Final Terms of the relevant Series, no other amount is payable as a result of the extension of 
the Maturity Date being triggered. 
It should be noted that an extension of the maturity of a particular Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will 
not automatically result in an extension of the maturity date of any other Series. However, any other 
Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Maturity Date of which falls due for payment within the same 
calendar month as an Interest Payment Date for a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven to which an Extended 
Maturity Date applies, will only be redeemed if and to the extent that the Issuer is able to redeem in full 
(in such calendar month) the Series to which the Extended Maturity Date applies. If it is unable to do 
so, or is unable to redeem in full the Series to which an Extended Maturity Date did not apply, then 
such Series will also (to the extent not redeemed in full within fourteen (14) calendar days of the relevant 
Maturity Date) become subject to extension of its Maturity Date.

--- Page 45 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
45 
3. Risks relating to the Special Estate and the Cover Assets 
The risk factors below include a summary description of certain risks relating to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, more specifically in relation to the Special Estate. 
Liquidity risk 
The maturity and amortisation profile of the Cover Assets may not match the repayment profile and 
maturities of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
In order to comply with the Covered Bond Regulations the Programme needs to incorporate solutions 
addressing this liquidity risk. The Liquidity Test set out in Article 7 § 1 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree in particular requires that the Cover Assets of the Special Estate generate sufficient liquidity or 
contain enough liquid assets in order to allow the Issuer to make all unconditional payments under or 
in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven falling due in the following six (6) month period (including 
payments of principal, interest and other costs under the Mortgage Pandbrieven). If an Extended 
Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, any 
payments which shall be subject to an extension in accordance with the Conditions shall, however, not 
be considered as unconditional for the purpose of the Liquidity Test. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may address liquidity risk and ensure compliance with the Liquidity 
Test by entering into a liquidity facility (provided the counterparty is a credit institution outside the 
group that satisfies certain credit quality requirements) or by holding Cover Assets with a short-term 
amortisation profile or liquid assets such as cash. The Conditions include an undertaking of the Issuer 
with regard to liquidity of the Special Estate (see Condition 2.6 (c)). Under the Conditions, the Issuer 
furthermore has the option to retain all or part of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for liquidity purposes. 
Characteristics of the Cover Assets in the Special Estate are subject to change 
There is no assurance that the characteristics allocated to the Cover Assets to the Special Estate on the 
Issue Date of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will remain the same on any date thereafter. It is 
expected that the composition of the Special Estate will change frequently as a result of additions, 
removals and/or substitutions of Cover Assets. Cover Assets will however need to satisfy the 
requirements of Covered Bond Regulations. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will not receive detailed information or statistics on the Cover Assets 
in the Special Estate other than the information included in the Investor Report. The Cover Pool Monitor 
shall at least once a month verify whether the Statutory Tests and the requirements in relation to the 
Cover Register are met. The Cover Pool Monitor shall immediately inform the NBB if it establishes 
that the Issuer no longer satisfies the requirements. At the end of each accounting year of the Issuer, the 
Cover Pool Monitor shall furthermore deliver a report to the NBB including the result of its monitoring 
duties and confirming whether the Mortgage Pandbrieven in all material respects comply with the 
requirement of the Covered Bond Regulations in terms of (i) the qualitative requirements and valuation 
of the Cover Assets, (ii) compliance with the Statutory Tests, and (iii) the correct registration of Cover 
Assets in the Cover Register. 
Factors that may impact the realisable value of the Cover Assets and the Special Estate 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders together with the Other Cover Pool Creditors will have an exclusive 
recourse against the Special Estate. The value of the Special Estate may vary over time, as the economic 
value of the Cover Assets may increase or decrease. The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or 
guarantee that the value of the Cover Assets will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the 
origination of the related Residential Mortgage Loan or at any other time. Although the Statutory Tests 
(and the Issuer’s obligations to remedy breaches of the Statutory Tests) are intended to ensure that the 
value of the Special Estate as determined in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations is

--- Page 46 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
46 
greater than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven covered by the Special 
Estate, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will at all times (be able to) do so at the time of 
realisation and that the Cover Assets could be realised for sufficient value to enable the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Below is a description of certain factors that may adversely impact the realisable value of Residential 
Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets and their Related Security comprising part of the Special 
Estate. 
Payments on Residential Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks 
Payments on the Residential Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. This 
may be due to general economic factors such as market interest rates, inflation, changes in the national 
or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws and 
regulatory changes and developments. Also individual factors related to the Borrower (such as loss of 
earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors) and its financial standing may lead to an increase in 
filings for a collective debt arrangement or bankruptcy proceedings by Borrowers and delinquencies. 
Each of these factors may have an adverse impact on the ability of Borrowers to repay their Residential 
Mortgage Loan and could reduce the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans (and potential losses) in 
case the Special Estate would need to be liquidated. The ultimate effect of this could be to delay or 
reduce the payments on the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Risks of losses associated with declining real estate values and geographical concentration of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans 
The value of the Residential Mortgage Loans included as Cover Assets in the Special Estate may be 
affected by, among other things, a decline in property values of the real estate securing such Residential 
Mortgage Loans. Certain geographic regions may thereby be subject to weaker regional conditions and 
housing markets than others. Although Borrowers are located throughout Belgium, the Borrowers may 
be concentrated in certain locations. No assurance can be given that property values will remain at the 
level at which they were on the date of origination of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loans. 
A decline in such property values may result in losses under the Residential Mortgage Loans if the 
mortgages securing such loans are required to be enforced. A concentration of Borrowers in weaker 
performing regions areas may furthermore result in a greater risk of loss than would be the case if such 
concentration had not been present.  
Changes to the origination criteria of the Issuer 
The Residential Mortgage Loans are originated in accordance with the Issuer’s origination criteria at 
the time of origination. Such origination criteria will generally consider, inter alia, type of property, 
term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, status of applicant and credit history. The Issuer 
retains the right to revise its origination criteria from time to time but it would only do so if such a 
change would be required in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or acceptable to a 
reasonable, prudent mortgage lender. If the origination criteria change in a manner that results in the 
Issuer applying more flexible acceptance criteria for Residential Mortgage Loans, this may lead to 
increased delinquencies and defaults under the Residential Mortgage Loans and may affect the 
realisable value of the Special Estate, or part thereof. This may in turn impact on the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Realisation of the Special Estate and Sale of Cover Assets 
Realisation of the Special Estate may occur in the following circumstances:

--- Page 47 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
47 
(a) 
the Issuer, or upon its appointment by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may need to 
liquidate the Special Estate in whole or in part in order to repay the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and the service of a Notice of Default by 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative; 
(b) 
following the initiation of winding-up proceedings against the Issuer and the appointment of 
the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may subject to 
approval of the NBB and after consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate in order to repay the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders to the extent the Cover Assets are not sufficient or risk not being sufficient 
to satisfy the obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven; or 
(c) 
following the initiation of winding-up proceedings against the Issuer and the appointment of 
the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may after consultation 
with the NBB and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, proceed with the 
liquidation of the Special Estate in whole or in part and the repayment of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders when a decision (by simple majority) to that effect has been taken at a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders at which at least two thirds of the principal amount 
of all Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series is represented. 
There is no assurance that in case of such realisation of the Special Estate, the liquidation proceeds will 
be sufficient to pay all amounts due to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors under and in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Programme Documents in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments (See also “Factors that may impact the realisable 
value of the Cover Assets and the Special Estate” below). The Mortgage Pandbrieven may therefore be 
repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Following its appointment, the Cover Pool Administrator, or any person appointed by the Cover Pool 
Administrator, will furthermore sell or be entitled to sell, in whole or in part, the Cover Assets in order 
to help satisfy the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any such transaction 
that entails or risks to entail that the Cover Tests, the Liquidity Test or the contractual provisions can 
no longer be fulfilled, will require the prior approval of the NBB and of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative. 
There is no guarantee that the Cover Pool Administrator will be able to sell in whole or in part the Cover 
Assets as the Cover Pool Administrator may not be able to find a buyer at the time it chooses to sell. 
Security interest securing both Cover Assets and cover assets of other special estate(s) 
Most of the Residential Mortgage Loans are secured by a Mortgage which is used to also secure all 
other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer (alle sommen 
hypotheek/hypothèque pour toute somme) (an All Sums Mortgage). 
Pursuant to article 81quinquies of the Belgian act on mortages (hypotheekwet/loi hypothécaire) (the 
Mortgage Act) a receivable secured by an All Sums Mortgage which is registered in the Cover Register 
shall, in respect of such mortgage, (i) rank in priority to any receivable which arises after the date of the 
registration and (ii) have equal ranking with loans or debts which existed at the time of the registration, 
unless stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions. 
Other Mortgage Loans have been originated under credit facilities which have the form of a revolving 
facility (kredietopening / ouverture de crédit) (a Credit Facility). The Mortgage that is granted as 
security for this type of loans is used to secure all advances (voorschotten / avances) made available 
under such Credit Facility. In many cases the Mortgage that is created in respect of this type of loans is 
in addition to all other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
48 
Pursuant to article 81quater of the Mortgage Act, an advance granted under a revolving facility secured 
by a mortgage can be registered in the Cover Register. Such advance will benefit from the privileges 
and mortgages securing the revolving facility. The advance registered in the Cover Register shall, in 
respect of the mortgage securing the revolving facility, (i) rank in priority to further advances that are 
granted after the date of registration and (ii) have equal ranking with other advances which existed at 
the time of the registration, unless stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions. 
If a security interest (including any mortgage and mortgage mandate) secures both Cover Assets and 
cover assets of other special estate(s) of the Issuer, proceeds from the enforcement of any such security 
interest shall be applied pari passu and pro rata to satisfy the obligations in relation to the different 
special estates of the Issuer. 
Transfer of the Special Estate in case of distress 
The Competent Authority may designate the Cover Pool Administrator in the circumstances set out in 
Article 8 of Annex III to the Banking Law and in accordance with the Cover Pool Administrator Royal 
Decree (as defined in Section 4 Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations). If bankruptcy 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator may, subject to approval of 
the Competent Authority and following consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, transfer the Special Estate (i.e. all its assets and liabilities) and its management to an 
institution which will be entrusted with the continued performance of the obligations to the Mortage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with the Conditions (and the applicable Final Terms) and the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
The rights of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders against the Special Estate will be maintained and will 
follow the Special Estate on any such transfer. In similar vein, Book II, Titel VIII of the Banking Law 
entitles the National Resolution Authority to take resolution action in relation to any failing credit 
institution. Such resolution action may, amongst other things, result in a transfer of assets and liabilities 
or branches of activity of a credit institution, which may include the Special Estate. Article 10 of Annex 
III to the Banking law specifies that, in the case of such a transfer, the claims of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and Other Creditors shall be maintained and transferred together with the Special 
Estate’s Cover Assets. Investors should be aware that in such circumstances, the obligor under the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be the institution to which the Special Estate is transferred. 
Other Cover Pool Creditors and subordination 
Certain other creditors of the Issuer acting in relation to the issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven also 
have, in accordance with the Conditions and the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, recourse against 
the Special Estate. These include the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool 
Monitor, any Hedging Counterparty, any Liquidity Facility Provider, the Cover Pool Administrator as 
well as any of the other Other Cover Pool Creditors (as defined in Condition 1 (Interpretation)). In 
accordance with the Priority of Payments (see Condition 9 (Priority of Payments)), the claims of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders may thereby be subordinated to the claims of the Cover Pool 
Administrator, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Registrar, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, the Operational Creditors and any Hedging Counterparty and any Liquidity Facility 
Provider (subject to certain exceptions). As a result, it is possible that none or only part of the proceeds 
of the Special Estate are available to satisfy amounts due and payable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders 
This risk is to some extent mitigated by the Statutory Tests (see “General Description of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven” below).

--- Page 49 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
49 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders may not immediately accelerate the Mortgage Pandbrieven upon 
a breach of the Statutory Tests or an Issuer's bankruptcy 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders should be aware that the breach of the Statutory Tests, the non-
compliance of the Issuer with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and the opening of bankruptcy 
proceedings with respect to the Issuer will not as such give them the right to declare the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven immediately due and payable. Other than pursuant to an Event of Default under Condition 
8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law 
(following a winding-up of the Issuer when a decision (by simple majority) to that effect has been taken 
at a meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders at which at least two thirds of the principal amount of 
all Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series is represented), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders cannot cause 
an acceleration or early repayment of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Bankruptcy proceedings under Belgian Law 
If bankruptcy proceedings were initiated against the Issuer in Belgium, a receiver would be appointed 
over the Issuer, and, if not previously appointed, the Cover Pool Administrator in respect of the Special 
Estate. The initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the Issuer would not affect the relevant powers 
of the Cover Pool Administrator to manage the Special Estate to the exclusion of the Issuer and the 
insolvency administrator. The purpose of such management is to ensure compliance with the obligations 
under the Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, bankruptcy proceedings would be limited to the General Estate of the Issuer, since the 
Special Estate do not form part of the bankruptcy estate of the Issuer. The proceedings do not cause the 
obligations and debts covered by the Special Estate (such as those resulting from the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) to become due and payable. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, a receiver has a legal obligation to co-operate with 
the Competent Authority and the Cover Pool Administrator in order to enable them to manage the 
Special Estate in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. There may be certain 
practical difficulties in this respect, which may cause a delay in the execution of the obligations of the 
Special Estate towards the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
Whenever a credit institution is subject to a resolution measure in accordance with the provisions of the 
Banking Law (or if all conditions are fulfilled for initiating a resolution measure), no liquidation 
proceedings (“faillissement/faillite”) can be started without the prior approval of the National 
Resolution Authority (Article 273 of the Banking Law). 
The Banking Law incorporates private international law principles transposing Directive 2001/24/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of 
credit institutions (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Institutions Insolvency 
Directive) into Belgian law. The Credit Institutions Insolvency Directive applies to credit institutions 
and their branches set up in Member States other than those in which they have their head offices, as 
defined in Directive 2000/12/EC, subject to the conditions and exemptions laid down in the Credit 
Institutions Insolvency Directive. Only the administrative or judicial authorities of the home member 
state which are responsible for winding-up are empowered to decide on the opening of winding up 
proceedings. 
Commingling Risk 
In accordance with Article 3, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, cash amounts held by the Issuer as 
a result of collections on, or as, Cover Assets will, by operation of law, form part of the Special Estate. 
In the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, the ability of the Special Estate to make timely payments on 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven may in part depend on the availability of such cash amounts. To the extent 
such amounts are held on bank accounts with the Issuer, the existence of commingling risk in respect

--- Page 50 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
50 
of such amounts can, as a practical matter, not be excluded. This risk is however mitigated to some 
extent by the revindication mechanism provided in Article 3, §2 second indent of Annex III to the 
Banking Law pursuant to which the property rights over any amounts that are part of the Special Estate 
but that cannot be identified as such in the General Estate, are transferred by operation of law to other 
unencumbered assets in the General Estate selected in accordance with the criteria specified in 
Condition 12 (Mortgage Pandbrieven Provisions). The bankruptcy trustee or liquidator of the General 
Estate has an obligation to transfer such selected assets to the Cover Pool Administrator upon receipt 
of a claim therefore. 
Set-off risk 
The registration of Residential Mortgage Loans as Cover Assets in the Special Estate will, in principle, 
not be notified to the underlying debtors. Under Belgian law, legal set-off occurs where two persons 
hold claims against each other, provided, in general, that their debts exist, are fungible, liquid 
(vaststaand/liquide) and due (opeisbaar/exigible). As a result, set-off rights may therefore continue to 
arise in respect of cross-claims between an underlying debtor of a Residential Mortgage Loan and the 
Issuer, potentially reducing amounts receivable by the Special Estate. 
Pursuant to the Mobilisation Law, a Residential Mortgage Loan in the Special Estate will however no 
longer be subject to set-off risk by the underlying debtor: (a) following notification of the 
registration/transfer of the relevant loan to the underlying debtor (or acknowledgement thereof by the 
underlying debtor), to the extent the conditions for set-off are only satisfied after such notification (or 
acknowledgment); and (b) regardless of any notification or acknowledgement of the 
registration/transfer, following the start of insolvency proceedings or the occurrence of a situation of 
concurrence of creditors (samenloop/concours) in relation to the Issuer, to the extent the conditions for 
set-off are only satisfied following or as a result of such insolvency proceedings or concurrence of 
creditors. 
The Residential Mortgage Loans in the Special Estate may nevertheless still be subject to the rights of 
the underlying debtors of Residential Mortgage Loans to invoke set-off to the extent that the relevant 
claims against the Issuer arise, or the conditions for set-off against the Issuer are met, prior to the earlier 
of (i) the notification (or acknowledgement) of the registration of the loan or (ii) the start of insolvency 
proceedings or the occurrence of a situation of concurrence of creditors in respect the Issuer. The 
exercise of set-off rights by underlying debtors may adversely affect the value of the Special Estate, 
may additionally affect any sale proceeds of the Special Estate and may ultimately affect the ability of 
the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, to make payments under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
Mortgage mandates 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, a Residential Mortgage Loan which is partly 
secured by a mortgage mandate may be included in the Special Estate. Subject to certain valuation rules 
(see section “Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations – Cover Test – Valuation 
methodology” below), the amounts secured by the mortgage mandate may be taken into account for 
purposes of the Cover Tests. 
Investors should be aware that such mortgage mandate does not constitute an actual security which 
creates a priority right of payment out of the proceeds of a sale of the mortgage property, but would 
first need to be converted into a mortgage. The mortgage mandate is an irrevocable power of attorney 
granted by a Borrower (as defined herein) or a third party provider of Related Security to certain 
attorneys enabling them to create a mortgage as security for the Residential Mortgage Loan (or, as the 
case may be, for other existing or future loans or all other sums owed by the Borrower to the Issuer at 
any stage). A mortgage will only become enforceable against third parties upon registration of the 
mortgage at the relevant mortgage registrar. The ranking of the mortgage is based on the date of 
registration. The registration is dated the day on which the mortgage deed pertaining to the creation of

--- Page 51 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
51 
the mortgage and the “registration extracts” (borderellen/bordereaux) are registered at the relevant 
mortgage registrar’s office. Prior to such registration, third parties acting in good faith may register 
prior-ranking mortgages. 
In certain circumstances, exercise of a mandate may no longer be possible or may no longer result in 
valid and effective security. The following limitations, amongst others, exist in relation to the 
conversion of mortgage mandates: 
(a) 
the Borrower or the third party collateral provider that has granted a mortgage mandate, may 
grant a mortgage to a third party that will rank ahead of the mortgage to be created pursuant to 
the conversion of the mortgage mandate, although this would generally constitute a contractual 
breach of the standard loan documentation; 
(b) 
if a conservatory or an executory seizure of the real property covered by the mortgage mandate 
has been filed by a third party creditor of the Borrower or, as the case may be, of the third party 
collateral provider, a mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the mortgage mandate 
after the writ of seizure has been recorded at the mortgage register, will not be enforceable 
against the seizing creditor; 
(c) 
if the Borrower or the third party collateral provider is a merchant or commercial entity: 
(i) 
the mortgage mandate can no longer be converted following the bankruptcy of the 
Borrower or, as the case may be, the third party collateral provider and any mortgage 
registered at the mortgage register after the bankruptcy judgement is void; and 
(ii) 
a mortgage registered at the mortgage register pursuant to the exercise of a mortgage 
mandate during the pre-bankruptcy investigation period (i.e. after the date of cessation 
of payments that may be fixed by the court) for a pre-existing loan will not be 
enforceable against the bankrupt estate. Under certain circumstances, the clawback 
rules are not limited in time, for example where a mortgage has been granted pursuant 
to a mortgage mandate and in order to “fraudulently prejudice” creditors; and 
(iii) 
mortgages registered after the day of cessation of payments of debt can be declared 
void by the bankruptcy court, if the registration was made more than 15 days after the 
creation of the mortgage; and 
(iv) 
the effect of a judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie/réorganisation 
judiciaire) of a Borrower or of a third party collateral provider on the mortgage mandate 
is uncertain; 
(d) 
if the Borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is a private person and 
started collective debt settlement proceedings, a mortgage registered at the mortgage register 
after the court has declared the request admissible, is not enforceable against the other creditors 
of the Borrower or of the third party collateral provider; 
(e) 
besides the possibility that the Borrower or the third party collateral provider may grant a 
mortgage to another lender discussed above, the mortgage to be created pursuant to a mortgage 
mandate may also rank behind certain statutory mortgages (such as e.g. the statutory mortgage 
of the tax and the social security authorities) to the extent these mortgages are registered before 
the exercise of the mortgage mandate. In this respect, it should be noted that the notary involved 
in preparing the mortgage deed will need to notify the tax administration, and, as the case may 
be, the social security administration before finalising the mortgage deed pertaining to the 
creation of the mortgage;

--- Page 52 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
52 
(f) 
if the Borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is a private person, 
certain limitations apply to the conversion of the mortgage mandate into a mortgage if the 
Borrower or third party collateral provider dies before the conversion; certain limitations also 
apply in case of a dissolution of the Borrower or third party collateral provider that is a legal 
person. 
Once a mandate is exercised, the ensuing mortgage will rank at the highest level available at the time 
of registration of such mortgage. 
Financial institutions should consult their own legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Mortgage Pandbrieven under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
In order to provide a hedge against interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts 
received by the Issuer under the Residential Mortgage Loans forming part of the Cover Assets and its 
obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer may enter into one or more Hedging 
Agreements with a Hedging Counterparty in respect of certain Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
A Hedging Counterparty is only obliged to make payments to the Issuer under a Hedging Agreement 
as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations thereunder. If the Hedging Counterparty is 
not obliged to make payments under the Hedging Agreement or if it defaults itself on its obligations to 
make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Issuer on 
the due date for payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to the risks 
intended to be covered by such Hedging Agreement. As a result, the Issuer may have insufficient funds 
to make payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If a Hedging Agreement terminates, then the Issuer may be obliged to make a termination payment to 
the relevant Hedging Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, nor can there be any 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement hedging agreement, or if one is entered 
into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a 
downgrade of the then current ratings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven by a Rating Agency. 
If the Issuer is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Hedging Agreement, such termination 
payment will rank pari passu with amounts due on the Mortgage Pandbrieven, except where such 
termination has been caused by the default, or downgrade of, the relevant Hedging Counterparty. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Time subordination 
Taking into account that the Final Terms of different Series of Mortage Pandbrieven may provide for 
different maturity dates, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Cover Pool Administrator, will be entitled 
to apply available funds in order to repay earlier maturing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, which may 
mean that there may be fewer assets available to support later maturing Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
This risk is however mitigated in case of early redemption as set out in Article 11, 6° and 7° of Annex 
III to the Banking Law. 
Potential conflicts of interest between the Issuer acting as Calculation Agent and the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders 
The Calculation Agent is entitled to carry out a series of determinations which affect the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (save for the Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven). Such determinations could have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and on the amounts payable to investors under

--- Page 53 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
53 
the Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, whether in the case of an early redemption event or at 
maturity, giving rise to a potential conflict of interest in respect of the interests of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative's powers may affect the interests of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, in connection with the exercise of its powers, 
authorities and discretions (including, without limitation, any modification or determination) have 
regard to the general interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders as a whole, but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders or the consequences of any such exercise for individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
Accordingly, a conflict of interest may arise to the extent that the interests of particular Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders are not aligned with those of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders generally. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities or discretions, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of any 
one or more Series could or would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative may determine that it will not exercise such power, authority or discretion without the 
approval of such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders by Extraordinary Resolution. Provided that the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative acts in good faith, as described in the foregoing, it will 
not incur any liability to any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, any Other Cover Pool Creditor or 
any other person for so doing. 
Early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Cover Pool Administrator: 
(a) 
may in consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and subject to 
approval by the NBB, proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early 
redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven where the Cover Assets are not, or risk not being, 
sufficient to satisfy the obligations under all of the Mortgage Pandbrieven; 
(b) 
will, in consultation with the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the NBB, 
proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven when a majority decision (simple majority) has been taken to this effect at a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders at which at least two thirds of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series are represented; the Issuer, the Cover 
Pool Administrator or a qualifying portion of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (see Part 3 of 
Section “Meeting rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders”) may convene a meeting of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders for such purpose. 
The Issuer and other members of the BNP Paribas Group may subscribe, acquire and hold Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
The Issuer intends to issue the Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme to the Issuer itself and other 
members of the BNP Paribas Group, which entities may subscribe to, acquire and hold the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. In accordance with Article 12, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Conditions 
explicitly provide that the Issuer (and such other members of the BNP Paribas Group) will be entitled 
to exercise all rights related to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, including in relation to any meetings of 
Pandbrieven Holders and will be free to vote in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (unless otherwise 
provided in any agreement entered into by such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder).

--- Page 54 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
54 
 
SECTION 3 – IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document is a base prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
Market data and other statistical information used in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from a 
number of sources, including independent industry publications, government publications, reports by 
market research firms or other independent publications (each an Independent Source). The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and able 
to ascertain from information published by the relevant Independent Source, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not 
independently verified the market data and statistical information used in the Base Prospectus and 
extracted from an Independent Source. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on 
websites mentioned herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the FSMA. 
The Dealers and the Arranger 
Neither the Arranger, nor the Dealers, nor the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (as 
defined below) have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of the Arranger, the 
Dealers or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, any Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
does not accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, 
made or purported to be made by the Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue 
and offering of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to in this section) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. The statements made in this 
paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
Obligation to publish a prospectus 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 55 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
55 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven are to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may 
agree with any Dealer that Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven herein. The FSMA has not reviewed nor approved any 
Exempt Covered Bonds or any documents relating thereto. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN GENERALLY 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Mortgage Pandbrieven (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Mortgage Pandbrieven should purchase any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Mortgage Pandbrieven should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Mortgage Pandbrieven constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The above is without prejudice to the legal and regulatory obligations of the Issuer and the financial 
intermediaries. These obligations may require the Issuer and relevant financial intermediaries to assess 
whether an investment is suitable or appropriate for an investor. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the maturity 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Mortgage Pandbrieven of any information coming to 
their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the documents incorporated herein by reference when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Issuer will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage Pandbrieven or any change in 
the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or the issue of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed or 
admitted to trading on an EU Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking statements with respect to 
the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive 
advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally 
including all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", 
"project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors

--- Page 56 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
56 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the 
date hereof. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealer and the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Mortgage Pandbrieven may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative which is intended to permit a public offering of any Mortgage Pandbrieven or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Mortgage Pandbrieven may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Mortgage Pandbrieven. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Mortgage Pandbrieven in the United 
States, the United Kingdom, Japan and Switzerland (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit a public offer of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency. As a result, any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven must be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor 
in the Mortgage Pandbrieven must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the 
help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, the merits and risks of investing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the impact the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will have on investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, including Mortgage Pandbrieven where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and is familiar with the 
behaviour of financial markets; and

--- Page 57 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
57 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
By subscribing for or otherwise acquiring the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders will also be deemed to have knowledge of, accept and be bound by all the provisions of, the 
Programme Documents. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Mortgage Pandbrieven are legal investments for it, (2) Mortgage Pandbrieven can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Mortgage Pandbrieven under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (Stabilising Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Mortgage Pandbrieven or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake any stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven is made and, if begun, may be ended at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 58 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
58 
SECTION 4 – SUMMARY OF THE BELGIAN COVERED BOND REGULATIONS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations 
governing the issuance of Belgian covered bonds, including the Mortgage Pandbrieven as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The Belgian Covered Bond Regulations may be supplemented, amended, 
modified or varied whether by legislative enactment or by way of judicial decisions and administrative 
pronouncements including, possibly, with retroactive effect. 
This summary is a general description of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. It is does not purport 
to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Belgian legislative and regulatory 
framework pertaining to Belgian covered bonds. Prospective Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The original and official languages of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations are Dutch and French. 
The following summary is provided in English only for the sake of convenience. In the event of any 
doubt, the original Dutch or French language version of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations should 
be consulted. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION – OVERVIEW OF THE BELGIAN COVERED BOND 
REGULATIONS 
1.1. 
On 3 August 2012, Belgian parliament voted into law a legal framework for the issuance of 
Belgian covered bonds. The new legal framework was set up to allow Belgian credit institutions 
to issue a debt instrument as referred to under article 52, paragraph 4 of Directive 2009/65 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of the law, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investments in 
transferable securities (the UCITS Directive). To this effect, the Belgian Act of 3 August 2012 
established a legal framework for Belgian covered bonds (the Covered Bond Law) introducing 
the concepts of a “Belgian covered bond” (Belgische covered bond/covered bond belge) and a 
“Belgian pandbrief” (Belgische pandbrief/lettre de gage belge). This law has been further 
incorporated in the law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision on credit institutions 
and stockbroking firms, published in the Belgian Official Journal on 7 May 2014 (as amended 
from time to time, the Banking Law). 
1.2. 
A Belgian Covered Bond is a debt instrument that satisfies the following criteria (Article 1, 1° 
of Annex III to the Banking Law): 
(a) 
it is issued by a Belgian credit institution that is registered on a list, held by the NBB, 
of credit institutions that have been granted a General Authorisation by the NBB to 
issue Belgian covered bonds; 
(b) 
it is, or is issued under a programme that is, registered on a list, held by the NBB (per 
issuer), of issues or issuance programmes for which the NBB has granted a Specific 
Authorisation in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law; and 
(c) 
it is a debt instrument in relation to which a special estate (bijzonder 
vermogen/patrimoine special) is created in accordance with the provisions of the 
Banking Law. 
1.3. 
The Belgian legislator made the following fundamental choices in respect of the Belgian 
covered bond framework: 
(a) 
the Banking Law does not foresee in the creation of a new type of specialized credit 
institution. Belgian Covered Bonds can be issued by a regular Belgian credit institution. 
However, in order to be entitled to issue Belgian Covered Bonds, the issuing credit

--- Page 59 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
59 
institution needs to obtain two authorisations from the NBB as competent authority (see 
below under 2. Dual Authorisation). 
(b) 
the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds (and certain other creditors that can be 
established on the basis of the terms and conditions of the relevant Belgian Covered 
Bond) benefit from an exclusive right of recourse to a segregated pool of cover assets 
(dekkingswaarden/actifs de couverture). For the segregation of this pool of cover 
assets, the Belgian legal framework has opted for a technique whereby the cover assets 
are segregated on the balance sheet of the issuer by the creation of one or more special 
estates (bijzonder vermogen/patrimoine special). The right of recourse to the 
segregated special estate comes in addition to a general right of recourse to the 
remaining assets (not allocated to a special estate) on the balance of the issuing credit 
institution – the general estate (algemeen vermogen/patrimoine general). This way, the 
holder of the Belgian Covered Bonds (and the other related creditor) obtain a dual 
recourse. The Belgian legislator has thus followed the approach of certain well 
established covered bond jurisdictions, such a Germany, which provides for an on 
balance sheet segregation of cover assets rather than a segregation of assets into a 
special purpose vehicle 
1.4. 
A Belgian Pandbrief (Article 1, 3° and Article 2, § 1 of Annex III to the Banking Law) is a 
Belgian Covered Bond whereby the composition and valuation of the Cover Assets must satisfy 
the specific requirements to obtain an advantageous risk weight under the Belgian own fund 
regulations transposing the Capital Requirements Directive). The criteria to determine whether 
a Belgian Covered Bond satisfies such specific requirements, may be established or clarified 
by royal decree (Article 81 of the Banking Law). 
1.5. 
On 11 October 2012, two royal decrees were adopted further implementing the provisions of 
the Covered Bond Law: 
(a) 
the royal decree regarding the issuance of Belgian covered bonds by Belgian law credit 
institutions (the Covered Bonds Royal Decree). The Covered Bonds Royal Decree 
provides for implementing regulations in order to allow for the issuance of Belgian 
pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges); 
(b) 
the royal decree regarding the cover pool administrator in the framework of the issuance 
of Belgian covered bonds by a Belgian credit institution (the Cover Pool 
Administrator Royal Decree). Under the Banking Law, a cover pool administrator 
(portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) will or may be appointed by the 
NBB under certain circumstances in order to take over the management of the special 
estate (Article 8 of Annex III to the Banking Law). The Cover Pool Administrator 
Royal Decree sets forth further rules regarding required qualifications and powers of 
the Cover Pool Administrator (Article 9 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
1.6. 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the NBB was also mandated to establish 
technical rules implementing certain provisions of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. On 29 
October 2012, the NBB issued two regulations: 
(a) 
the regulation (NBB_2012_12) regarding practical rules for the application of the law 
of 3 August 2012 establishing a legal framework for Belgian covered bonds (circulaire 
over de praktische regels voor de toepassing van de wet van 3 augustus 2012 tot 
invoering van een wettelijke regeling voor covered bonds/Modalités pratiques 
d’application de la loi du 3 août 2012 instaurant le régime pour les covered bonds)(the 
NBB Covered Bonds Regulation);

--- Page 60 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
60 
(b) 
the regulation (NBB_2012_13) addressed to portfolio monitors at Belgian credit 
institutions that issue Belgian covered bonds (circulaire aan portefeuillesurveillanten 
bij kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch recht die Belgische covered bonds 
uitgeven/circulaire aux surveillants de portefeuille auprès d’établissements de credit 
de droit belge qui émettent des covered bonds belges) (the NBB Cover Pool Monitor 
Regulation). 
1.7. 
Whereas the creation of Belgian Covered Bonds depends on the effectiveness of the segregation 
of Cover Assets in the Special Estate on balance of the issuing credit institution, the Belgian 
legislator also had to ensure that this segregation would not be open to challenge or 
recharacterisation on the basis of insolvency rules. Therefore, a second law was voted by 
Belgian Parliament on 3 August 2012 regarding diverse measures to facilitate the mobilisation 
of claims in the financial sector (wet betreffende diverse maatregelen ter vergemakkelijkijng 
van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële sector/loi relative à des mesures 
pour faciliter la mobilisation de créances dans le secteur financier) (the Mobilisation Law). 
1.8. 
The Belgian Banking Law, the Mobilisation Law, the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover 
Pool Administrator Royal Decree, the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation and the NBB Cover 
Pool Monitor Regulation, together constitute the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
1.9. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus will 
be issued pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
1.10. 
On 27 November 2019, the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EC (the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation 575/213 as 
regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the "Covered Bond Regulation") have been 
adopted. The Covered Bond Directive and the Covered Bond Regulation aim to foster the 
development of covered bonds across the European Union. The Covered Bond Directive (i) 
provides a common definition of covered bonds, which will represent a consistent reference for 
prudential regulation purposes, (ii) defines the structural features of covered bonds, (iii) defines 
the tasks and responsibilities for the supervision of covered bonds and (iv) sets out the rules 
allowing the use of the 'European Covered Bonds' label. The Covered Bond Directive should 
be implemented in each Member State by 8 July 2021 and should apply at the latest from 8 July 
2022. Although according to to the EBA Report on Covered Bonds of 20 December 2016 the 
Belgian legal framework is already to a large extent aligned with the EBA best practices, which 
served as a basis for the new Covered Bonds Directive, until the Covered Bond Directive has 
effectively been implemented, it is uncertain if or how this will affect the Issuer, the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations, the market for mortgage pandbrieven in general and/or the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
2. 
DUAL AUTHORISATION 
2.1. 
Belgian Covered Bonds may only be issued by a Belgian credit institution following the receipt 
of two authorisations by the NBB (Article 79 of the Banking Law): 
(a) 
a general authorisation to be requested in accordance with Article 80, §1 of the Banking 
Law, that relates to the organizational capacity of a credit institutions to issue and 
monitor Belgian covered bonds (the General Authorisation); and 
(b) 
a specific authorisation to be requested in accordance with Article 80, §2 of the Banking 
Law prior to each issue (that does not take place within the context of an issuance 
programma) or each issuance programme, that relates to the compliance of a specific

--- Page 61 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
61 
issue or issuance programme with the provisions of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations (the Specific Authorisation). 
(A) 
General Authorisation  
2.2. 
In order to obtain a General Authorisation, the credit institution that intends to issue Belgian 
Covered Bonds needs to submit a file with the NBB describing how it will organize the 
proposed transactions. This file needs to include, inter alia, the following information: 
(a) 
a description of the financial position of the issuer, showing it is sufficiently solvent to 
safeguard also the interest of creditors other than the holders of Belgian Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
a description of the long-term strategy of the issuer, in particular as to liquidity and the 
role of the Belgian Covered Bonds in this strategy; 
(c) 
a description of the tasks and responsibilities within the organisation of issuing credit 
institution in relation to the issuance of Belgian Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
a description of the risk management policy of the issuing credit institution in relation 
to Belgian Covered Bonds, in particular in respect of interest rate risk, currency 
exchange risk, credit and counterparty risk, liquidity risk and operational risk; 
(e) 
a description of the involvement of internal audit in the procedures for the issuance of 
Belgian Covered Bonds, including the frequency of the audits and applicable audit 
procedures; 
(f) 
a description of the decision and reporting procedures in relation to the issuance Belgian 
Covered Bonds; and 
(g) 
a description of the necessary IT systems in relation to the issuance of Belgian Covered 
Bonds. 
2.3. 
The NBB will grant the General Authorisation to the extent, on the basis of the information in 
the file submitted by the credit institution, on-site inspections and further information it may 
obtain from the institution or third parties, it is convinced that: 
(a) 
the administrative and accounting organisation of the credit institution allow it to 
comply with the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, in particular 
in terms of segregation of the Cover Assets; and 
(b) 
the financial position of the credit institution, in particular its solvency, is sufficient to 
safeguard also the interest of creditors other than the holders of Belgian Covered Bonds. 
2.4. 
Prior to granting the General Authorisation, the NBB will request the auditor of the credit 
institution to submit a report on the organisational capacity of the credit institution to comply 
with its obligations under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations (Article 80, §1 of the Banking 
Law). 
2.5. 
The Issuer obtained the General Authorisation from the NBB in relation to its organisational 
capacity to issue Belgian Covered Bonds on 9 February 2016. 
(B) 
Specific Authorisation  
2.6. 
In order to obtain the Specific Authorisation, the credit institution that intends to issue Belgian 
Covered Bonds needs to submit a file with the NBB including, inter alia, the following 
information:

--- Page 62 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
62 
(a) 
the impact of the envisaged issuance or issuance programme on the liquidity position 
of the credit institution; 
(b) 
the quality of the Cover Assets, in particular on the type of debtors of the Cover Assets, 
the collateral, guarantees or privileges securing the Cover Assets, the diversification of 
the Cover Assets and their maturity dates; 
(c) 
the matching of maturity dates of the Belgian Covered Bonds and the Cover Assets; 
and 
(d) 
elements showing that the requirements to obtain the General Authorisation are still 
satisfied. 
2.7. 
The NBB will grant the Specific Authorisation to the extent, on the basis of the information in 
the file submitted by the credit institutions and further information it may request from the 
institution, it is convinced that: 
(a) 
the institution has obtained the General Authorisation, and 
(b) 
in respect of the envisaged issuance or issuance programme, the institution complies 
with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, in particular as far as the nature and 
minimum requirements of the Cover Assets is concerned (see below under 4. Cover 
Assets and Tests). 
2.8. 
The Issuer obtained the Specific Authorisation from the NBB in relation to the Programme on 
23 October 2018. 
2.9. 
The NBB has approved the increase of the aggregate nominal amount of the Programme from 
EUR 10,000,000,000 to EUR 20,000,000,000 on 24 November 2020. 
(C) 
Limitation on the issuance of Belgian Covered Bonds  
2.10. 
Based on Article 10 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, a credit institution shall in principle 
not be able to issue additional Belgian Covered Bonds to the extent the amount of all Cover 
Assets allocated to the Special Estate related to all Belgian Covered Bonds issued by the credit 
institution (as reflected in its financial accounts) is higher than 8% of the aggregate amount of 
all its assets (balance sheet total). 
2.11. 
In case exceptional circumstances on the financial markets justify an increased utilisation of 
Belgian Covered Bonds as a funding tool, the NBB may temporarily allow a more flexible 
limitation. On 19 May 2020, the NBB has allowed the Issuer to exceed the above-mentioned 
8% without surpassing 12.5% until 31 May 2021 in reference to the exceptional circumstances 
that exist in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
2.12. 
The NBB may also impose a more stringent limit, on a case by case basis, in order to protect 
the interest of other creditors than the holders of Belgian Covered Bonds. The NBB will in 
particular assess the impact of an envisaged issuance on the level of encumbered assets. To this 
end, the NBB expects that in the file to obtain the General Authorisation, the credit institution 
describes its policy towards liquidity and sets further internal limits that ensure: 
(a) 
an adequate diversification between secured and unsecured funding sources, 
(b) 
the availability of sufficient unencumbered assets to provide a cushion in the event of 
crisis on the market for unsecured funding, and

--- Page 63 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
63 
(c) 
the availability of sufficient unencumbered assets that can be allocated as Cover Assets 
in order to substitute matured or defaulted Cover Assets. 
(D) 
Publication of Authorisation  
2.13. 
The NBB keeps a list of: 
(a) 
credit institutions that have obtained a General Authorisation, which is published on its 
website: (Prudential Supervision – Areas of Responsibility – Credit Institutions – Lists 
– Credit Institutions Authorised to Issue Belgian Covered Bonds); and 
(b) 
covered bonds issuance programmes and issuances for which the credit institution has 
obtained a Specific Authorisastion: (Prudential Supervision – Areas of Responsibility 
– Credit Institutions – Lists – Covered Bond Issuances Carried out by the Credit 
Institutions) (information only available in French or Dutch). 
The information contained on the website of the NBB (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
2.14. 
Both lists and amendments thereto are communicated by the NBB to the European Commission 
in application of Article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive. 
2.15. 
The Issuer is on the NBB's list of credit institutions that have obtained General Authorisation. 
The Programme is on the NBB's list of Belgian Covered Bonds in respect of which a Specific 
Authorisation has been granted. 
3. 
SPECIAL ESTATE 
3.1. 
A key characteristic of Belgian Covered Bonds is the existence of a segregated pool of assets 
providing an additional and exclusive right of recourse to the holders of the Belgian Covered 
Bonds. 
 
(A) 
Creation of one or more Special Estates  
3.2. 
In order to segregate a pool of Cover Assets, the Banking Law introduces a technique to separate 
one or more Special Estates within the estate of a credit institution that issues Belgian Covered 
Bonds. 
3.3. 
Article 3, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law confirms that the estate of a credit institution that 
issues Belgian Covered Bonds consist, by operation of law, of a general estate (algemeen 
vermogen/patrimoine general)(the General Estate) and one or more special estates (bijzondere 
vermogen/patrimoine spécial) (in this Section 3 referred to as the Special Estate). 
3.4. 
The most important part of the Cover Assets in respect of an issuance or issuance programme 
of Belgian Covered Bonds is segregated into the Special Estate by way of registration of such 
Cover Assets in a Cover Register that is kept by the issuing credit institution in relation to one 
or more specific issuances of Belgian Covered Bonds or, as the case may be, in relation to all 
Belgian Covered Bonds under an issuance programme (Article 15, §2 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law). See below under Section 5 - special obligations of the issuer in respect of 
administration of the Belgian Covered Bonds. 
3.5. 
In accordance with Article 3, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Special Estate is, by 
operation of law, composed of: 
(a) 
all assets registered in a Cover Register in accordance with Article 15, §2 of Annex III 
to the Banking Law;

--- Page 64 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
64 
(b) 
all collateral – cash and financial instruments – received in relation to any hedging 
instruments that have been registered as Cover Assets; 
(c) 
all security interest (in rem and personal), guarantees of privileges issued in relation to 
the Cover Asset, including all rights under insurance policies or other agreements 
relating to the Cover Assets or the management of the Special Estate; 
(d) 
all amounts held as collections in relation to Cover Assets or a result of the exercise of 
the rights referred to under (a) to (c) above (hereafter, the Collections); and 
(e) 
any mandatory reserves that would be held at the NBB in relation to the Special Estate. 
3.6. 
The preparatory works to the Covered Bond Law clarify that the technique to segregate Cover 
Assets into the Special Estate does not result into the creation of a separate legal entity and 
hence does not trigger specific corporate law obligations or tax consequences. 
 
(B) 
Purpose of the Special Estate - exclusive right of recourse 
3.7. 
Based on Article 6 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Special Estate provides an exclusive 
right of recourse to: 
(a) 
the holders of the related Belgian Covered Bonds, and 
(b) 
the creditors of a claim that is or may be established on the basis of the terms and 
condition applicable to the related Belgian Covered Bonds. 
As a result, no other creditor will be entitled to exercise any rights, including rights of 
attachment (beslag/saisie) against the Cover Assets in the Special Estate. Collateral that is 
posted in relation to a hedging instrument that constitutes a Cover Asset, may only be used to 
satisfy the obligations of the counterparty under such hedging instrument (or be returned to the 
collateral provider). In respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme, only 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors will thus have an 
exclusive right of recourse to the Special Estate. 
3.8. 
A priority of payments between the claims of the holder of Belgian Covered Bonds (and any 
other creditors of claims related to the Belgian Covered Bonds issuance) may be determined in 
the terms and conditions and the agreement entered into in respect of the issuance of Belgian 
Covered Bonds or the related issuance programme (Article 6, 4th paragraph of Annex III to the 
Banking Law). See Condition 9 (Priority of Payments) in the Section Terms and Conditions of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
3.9. 
Article 6, 5th to 7th paragraph of Annex III to the Banking Law provide for three exceptions to 
the exclusive right of recourse: 
(a) 
in order to improve the liquidity of the Special Estate, additional obligations may be 
entered into in relation to the Special Estate (such as a liquidity line). The terms and 
conditions of the Belgian Covered Bonds may determine whether such additional 
obligations will be paid in priority or will be subordinated (in the absence of any 
determination, such obligations will rank pari passu and pro rata); 
(b) 
the Cover Pool Administrator (see below under Section 7.A – Cover Pool 
Administrator) may, unless otherwise agreed, withhold its remuneration, costs and 
expenses from the Special Estate; and 
(c) 
following liquidation of the Special Estate, an remaining (positive) balance will, by 
operation of law, form part of the General Estate.

--- Page 65 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
65 
3.10. 
Notwithstanding this exclusive right of recourse to the Special Estate, the holders of the Belgian 
Covered Bonds and the Other Creditors related to the Belgian Covered Bonds retain a right of 
recourse to the General Estate (that ranks pari passu with the claims of all other unsubordinated 
creditors of the issuing credit institution) so that they can exercise a dual right of recourse 
(Article 6, 8th paragraph of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
 
(C) 
Management of the Special Estate 
3.11. 
In first instance, the issuing credit institution remains responsible for the management of the 
Special Estate. The rights and obligations in respect of transactions between the issuing credit 
institution and the Special Estate need to be agreed upon in writing as if the Special Estate were 
a separate legal entity (Article 7 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
3.12. 
In accordance with Article 8, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the NBB will appoint a cover 
pool administrator (portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) (in this Section 3 
referred to as the Cover Pool Administrator) for each Special Estate: 
(a) 
in case a reorganisation measure (as referred to in Article 236 of the Banking Law) is 
taken in respect of the issuing credit institution that, in the opinion of the NBB, may 
have a negative impact on the related Belgian covered bonds; 
(b) 
in case a liquidation procedure (as referred to in Article 3, 59° of the Banking Law) is 
initiated against the issuing credit institution; or 
(c) 
if, in the opinion of the NBB, the position of the issuing credit institution seriously 
jeopardizes the interest of the holders of the relevant Belgian Covered Bonds. 
3.13. 
Upon the appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator by the NBB, the Cover Pool 
Administrator will assume the management of the Special Estate (Article 8, §2 of Annex III to 
the Banking Law). The Cover Pool Administrator manages the Special Estate with a view to 
ensure further compliance with the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Belgian 
Covered Bonds. To this end, the Cover Pool Administrator is granted all necessary and useful 
powers to manage the Special Estate, including the power to dispose of Cover Assets. Any acts 
relating to the Special Estate that are performed in the name of the issuing credit institution by 
any person other than the Cover Pool Administrator following its appointment, are null and 
void, unless such acts are ratified by the Cover Pool Administrator (See also see below under 
7.A – Cover Pool Administrator). 
 
(D) 
Impact of reorganization and liquidation procedures 
3.14. 
In the event liquidation procedures are started against the issuing credit institution (Article 11 
of Annex III to the Banking Law): 
(a) 
such procedures will only affect the General Estate. The Special Estate and the debts 
and liabilities covered by the Special Estate will not be part of the bankrupt estate. The 
Special Estate will be managed separately from the bankruptcy procedure applicable to 
the General Estate of the issuing credit institution (i.e., on a bankruptcy remote basis); 
(b) 
the bankruptcy trustee (curator/curateur) has a legal obligation to cooperate with the 
NBB and the Cover Pool Administrator so that they can manage the Special Estate in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(c) 
the Belgian Covered Bonds and the other debts and liabilities covered by the Special 
Estate will not be accelerated. They (can) remain outstanding until their stated maturity, 
regardless of the opening of liquidation procedures against the issuing credit institution 
except as provided under (f) and (g) below;

--- Page 66 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
66 
(d) 
the holder of Belgian Covered Bonds and any Other Cover Pool Creditors of claims 
related to the Belgian Covered Bonds issuance, will retain their rights in the liquidation 
procedure; 
(e) 
the Cover Pool Administrator may, in the interest of the holders of the relevant Belgian 
Covered Bonds, following consultation with the representative of the holders of the 
relevant Belgian Covered Bonds and subject to consent of the NBB, transfer the Special 
Estate and the debts and liabilities related thereto to another institution that will assume 
the performance of the obligations in accordance with the initial terms and conditions; 
(f) 
the Cover Pool Administrator may, following consultation with the representative of 
the holders of the relevant Belgian Covered Bonds and subject to the consent of the 
NBB, proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and the early redemption of the 
relevant Belgian Covered Bonds if the Cover Assets are no longer sufficient, or risk to 
be no longer sufficient, to satisfy the obligations in respect of the Belgian Covered 
Bonds; 
(g) 
the Cover Pool Administrator will, following consultation with the NBB and the 
representative of the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds, proceed with the entire 
liquidation, in part or in full, of the Special Estate and the early redemption of the 
Belgian Covered Bonds if the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds have approved 
such liquidation and early redemption by simple majority at a meeting of holders of 
Belgian covered bonds at which a quorum of at least two thirds of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Belgian Covered Bonds is present; 
(h) 
the bankruptcy trustee has the right, following consultation with the NBB, to require 
the Cover Pool Administrator to return those assets to the General Estate in respect of 
which it is clear they are no longer required as Cover Assets. The preparatory works to 
the Covered Bond Law clarify that, when determining whether assets are no longer 
required as Cover Assets, one must not only take into account the regulatory 
requirement in view of the Cover Tests (see below 4 (C) Statutory Tests – Cover Tests), 
but also the retention of ratings by external credit rating agencies. 
3.15. 
When the National Resolution Authority uses its powers under Book II, Titel VIII (Resolution 
Measures) of the Banking Law to dispose (of part) of the estate of the credit institution that also 
involves the Special Estate, the rights of the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds (and of any 
creditors of claims related to the Belgian Covered Bonds issuance) are automatically transferred 
together with the Cover Assets and assumed as obligations by the transferee (Article 10 of 
Annex III to the Banking Law). 
3.16. 
The start of liquidation procedures against the issuing credit institution or the revocation of its 
license as a credit institution does not prevent the issuing credit institution to further perform 
activities that are necessary or useful to assist the Cover Pool Administrator with its 
management in order to safeguard the interest of the Holders of Belgian Covered Bonds in 
respect of the Special Estate. The issuing credit institution may only perform such activities 
until all obligations in relation to the Special Estate have been satisfied or are extinguished 
(Article 12, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law).  
 
(E) 
Special protection of the Special Estate against commingling risk 
3.17. 
The Special Estate benefits from specific protections against commingling risk: 
(a) 
if amounts held by the issuing credit institution as Collections, cannot be identified 
within the General Estate at the time a request is made to allocate such amounts to the 
Special Estate, the Special Estate will benefit from a special revindication right

--- Page 67 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
67 
allowing it to exercise a claim on other unencumbered assets within the General Estate. 
Such assets are identified following consultation between the representative of the 
Special Estate (either the Cover Pool Administrator or, in absence thereof, the Cover 
Pool Monitor) and the issuing credit institution (or its liquidator or bankruptcy trustee) 
on the basis of criteria determined in the terms and conditions of the Belgian Covered 
Bonds (Article 3, §2, second paragraph of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
With respect to the Programme, these criteria are specified in Condition 12 (Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Provisions); 
(b) 
in the event of a bankruptcy or the start of liquidation procedures against the issuing 
credit institution, all amounts and payments relating to Cover Assets that are received 
by or on behalf of the Special Estate are automatically excluded from the bankrupt 
estate and exclusively allocated to the Special Estate. The bankruptcy trustee or 
liquidator will have to account for such amounts and remit them to the Cover Pool 
Administrator (Article 5 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
4. 
COVER ASSETS AND TESTS 
 
(A) 
Categories of Cover Assets 
4.1. 
In order to obtain the Specific Authorisation in respect of an issuance or an issuance programme 
for Belgian Covered Bonds, the issuing credit institution may only include the following types 
of assets as Cover Assets in the Special Estate (Article 80, §3 of the Banking Law): 
(a) 
claims secured by a mortgage; 
(b) 
claims against or guaranteed by (i) a central, regional or local government of an OECD 
member state or (ii) a central banks of those states or (iii) a public entity of those states 
or (iv) a multilateral development bank or international organisation; 
(c) 
participations in securitization vehicles that mainly securitize claims as set out under 
(a) or (b); 
(d) 
claims against a credit institution, including amounts deposited with such institution or 
amounts held by the issuing credit institution; and 
(e) 
positions resulting from hedging instruments entered into in relation to the Cover Assets 
or the relevant Belgian Covered Bonds. 
 
(B) 
Further qualitative requirements for Cover Assets relating to Belgian Covered Bonds 
4.2. 
The Covered Bonds Royal Decree has further implemented the qualitative requirements for 
Cover Assets that may be included in the Special Estate related to Pandbrieven. 
4.3. 
Article 3 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree identifies five categories of qualifying Cover 
Assets: 
(a) 
category 1: claims secured by (at least) a first ranking mortgage on residential real 
estate situated in an EEA member state (Residential Mortgage Loans) or certain asset-
backed securities backed by such claims (RMBS). 
Claims secured by a mortgage on residential real estate under construction 
(construction loans) may compose up to 15% of the aggregate amount of claims secured 
by residential real estate that are included as Cover Assets.

--- Page 68 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
68 
Residential real estate is real property that is destined for housing or for renting 
(huur/location) as housing by the owner. 
(b) 
category 2: claims secured by (at least) a first ranking mortgage on commercial real 
estate situated in an EEA member state (Commercial Mortgage Loans) or certain 
asset-backed securities backed by such claims (CMBS). Claims secured by commercial 
real estate under construction are not eligible. 
Commercial real estate is real property that is primarily used for industrial or 
commercial purposes or other professional activities, such as offices or other spaces 
used for the exercise of commercial activities or the rendering of services. 
(c) 
category 3: claims against or guaranteed or insured by (a) a central government or 
central bank of a member state of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD), or by a regional or local government of those member states, 
(b) a public entity of an OECD member states, or (c) a multilateral development bank 
or international organisation that obtains a 0% risk weight in accordance with article 
117.2 of the CRR, and certain asset-backed securities backed by such claims (ABS). 
(d) 
category 4: claims against a EEA credit institution, including amounts deposited with 
such credit institution or held by the issuing credit institution. 
(e) 
category 5: positions resulting from hedging instruments entered into in relation to 
Cover Assets or the relevant Pandbrieven and whereby the counterparty is an OECD 
credit institution. 
In order for hedging instruments to qualify as eligible Cover Assets (Article 4 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree): 
(i) 
the start of reorganisation or liquidation procedures against the issuing credit 
institution may not result in an automatic early termination (close-out) of the 
relevant hedging instrument and may not provide the counterparty with a right 
to invoke early termination (close-out) of the instrument; 
(ii) 
the issuing credit institution may not include the hedging instrument in netting 
or novation agreements; 
(iii) 
the issuing credit institution must be able to show that counterparty risk is 
minimal; and 
(iv) 
in case the counterparty is an entity which is part of the consolidation circle of 
the same group as the issuing credit institution, it needs to be an EEA credit 
institution falling in credit quality category 1 as referred to under article 120 of 
the CRR and the counterparty exposure needs to be covered by eligible collateral 
or financial instruments as referred to in article 197 of the CRR. 
4.4. 
Collections paid in respect of the abovementioned categories of Cover Assets, may be applied 
as Cover Assets of the same category until such time such Collections are used for other 
purposes. 
4.5. 
At the time an asset is registered as a Cover Asset in the Cover Register, such asset may not be 
subject to a payment default. A payment default is deemed to exist (i) as soon as the debtor is 
ninety (90) days in arrears with interest or principal payments or (ii) in case the issuing credit 
institution deems it unlikely that the debtor will fully satisfy its obligations towards the credit 
institution without further action being taken (such as enforcement of collateral)(Article 3, §6 
of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree).

--- Page 69 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
69 
 
(C) 
Statutory Tests - Cover Tests 
4.6. 
In accordance with Article 2, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Cover Assets comprising 
the Special Estate must, for the duration of the Belgian Covered Bonds, provide sufficient 
cover: 
(a) 
for the payment of principal and interest on the Belgian Covered Bonds, 
(b) 
for the obligations towards the other creditors of claims related to the Belgian Covered 
Bonds issuance, and 
(c) 
for the management of the Special Estate. 
To this end, the value of the Cover Assets need to show an excess compared to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Belgian Covered Bonds. The cover provided by the Cover Assets 
and the excess needs to be tested periodically and, if required to provide adequate cover, the 
issuing credit institution needs to further modify the portfolio of Cover Assets. To this end, the 
issuing credit institution has the legal obligation to maintain an active collateral management 
policy. Accordingly, the composition of the Cover Assets included in the Special Estate is 
dynamic. 
4.7. 
In respect of Belgian Covered Bonds, this rule has been further implemented in article 5 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree which provides for: 
(a) 
a general requirement that, with respect to the Special Estate, the sum of interest, 
principal and all other revenues generated by the Cover Assets must be sufficient to 
cover the sum of all interest, principal and charges linked to the Belgian Pandbrieven 
(the Cover Asset Adequacy Test), and 
(b) 
the following two specific tests in relation to the minimum cover to be provided by the 
Cover Assets. At the time of the issuance and as long as any Belgian Pandbrieven 
remain outstanding: 
(i) the value of the Cover Assets that belong to one of the first three categories, 
determined in accordance with the valuation rules set out in the Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree, must represent at least 85% of the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of the Belgian Pandbrieven then in issue (the 85% Asset Coverage 
Test); 
(ii) the value of the Cover Assets, determined in accordance with the valuation rules 
set out in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, must represent at least 105% of the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of Belgian Pandbrieven then in issue (the 
Over-Collateralisation Test). 
 
For the valuation rules, see below Section (E) Valuation of Cover Assets for the Cover Tests. 
4.8. 
The Cover Asset Adequacy Test, the 85% Asset Coverage Test and the Over-Collateralisation 
Test are herein jointly referred to as the Cover Tests. 
 
(D) Statutory Tests – Liquidity Test 
4.9. 
In accordance with Article 13 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the terms and conditions 
applicable to Belgian Covered Bonds need to include mechanics to ensure that the Belgian 
Covered Bonds are repaid within the contractually agreed term.

--- Page 70 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
70 
4.10. 
In respect of Belgian Pandbrieven, Article 7 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree has 
implemented this rule by imposing that with respect to the Special Estate, the Cover Assets 
must, at any time, be able to generate sufficient liquidity or include enough liquid assets to 
enable the Issuer to make all unconditional payments on the Belgian Pandbrieven (including 
principal, interest and other costs) falling due during the following 6 months (the Liquidity 
Test). The NBB Covered Bonds Regulation further specifies the conditions to be satisfied in 
order for an asset to be considered a liquid asset. 
4.11. 
In order to satisfy the Liquidity Test, the issuing credit institution may enter into a liquidity 
facility with another EEA credit institution that, in accordance with article 120 of the CRR, falls 
within credit quality category 1 and that is not part of the consolidation circle of the group to 
which the issuing credit institution belongs. The liquidity that is made available pursuant to the 
liquidity facility will be taken into account for the calculation of the Liquidity Test, provided 
that (i) the liquidity facility can be used only for payment on the Belgian Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) the funds drawn under the liquidity facility cannot be used for any other activities. 
4.12. 
In relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme, if an Extended Maturity 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, payments 
of amounts due on the Maturity Date will not be considered as unconditional for the purpose of 
the Liquidity Test. 
 
(E) Valuation of Cover Assets for the Cover Tests 
4.13. 
For the purposes of the Cover Tests, Article 6 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree specifies 
further valuation rules for the Cover Assets in the Special Estate: 
(a) 
for Cover Assets of category 1 (claims secured by a residential mortgage), the value 
will be equal to the lowest of (i) the amount of the claim, (ii) 80% of the sales value of 
the mortgaged real estate and (iii) the value of the mortgage, 
 
whereby, the value of the mortgage, is determined as follows: 
(i) if the real estate is located in Belgium and is not secured by mortgage mandate, 
the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case may be, the 
amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have registered 
before such subsequent rank(s)); 
(ii) if the real estate is located in Belgium and in addition to the mortgage, also a 
mortgage mandate has been granted to secure the claim, the value of the mortgage 
is the lowest of the following two amounts: 
a. the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case may be, the 
amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have registered 
before such subsequent rank(s)) plus the amount for which the mortgage 
mandate has been granted; and 
b. the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case may be, the 
amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have registered 
before such subsequent rank(s)) divided by 0.6; 
(iii) if the real estate is not situated in Belgium, the amount of the mortgage registered 
in first rank plus, as the case may be, the amount of any subsequent ranks (provided 
no other creditors have registered before such subsequent rank(s)). 
Residential real estate may only be taken into account for the valuation calculations of 
the Cover Assets if the requirements of article 208 and the valuation rules of article

--- Page 71 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
71 
229.1 of the CRR are satisfied. This does however not prevent to take into account the 
value of mortgage mandates as set out above. The valuation of residential real estate is 
subject to periodic review. 
(b) 
for Cover Assets of category 2 (claims secured by commercial mortgages), the value 
will be equal to the lowest of (i) the amount of the claim, (ii) 60% of the sales value of 
the mortgaged real estate and (iii) the value of the mortgage, whereby, the value of the 
mortgage is equal to the amount of the mortgage registered in first rank plus, as the case 
may be, the amount of any subsequent ranks (provided no other creditors have 
registered before such subsequent rank(s)). The value of any mortgage mandates is not 
taken into account. 
Commercial real estate may only be taken into account for the valuation calculations of 
the Cover Assets if the requirements of article 208 of the CRR and the valuation rules 
of article 229.1 of the CRR are satisfied. The valuation of commercial real estate is 
subject to periodic review. 
(c) 
for Cover Assets of category 3 (public sector claims), the value is equal to the amount 
of such assets as reflected in the financial accounts of the issuing credit institution. If 
the assets are only guaranteed or insured by an entity as described in category 3, the 
value of the Cover Asset will be limited to the guaranteed or insured part. Furthermore, 
in case the relevant entity is not a member of the European Union, the value of the claim 
is zero, unless: 
(i) such entity falls under credit quality step 1 as referred to article 116 of the CRR, 
or 
(ii) such entity falls under credit quality step 2 as set out in the CRR and the claims do 
not represent more than 20% of the amount of the relevant Belgian Pandbrieven; 
(d) 
the Cover Assets of category 4 are not taken into account for the 85% Asset Coverage 
Test. They may not be taken into account for the Over-Collateralisation Test either, 
unless: 
(i) they fall within credit quality step 1 as referred to in article 120 of the CRR and, 
to the extent these assets take the form of deposits, their maturity date falls not 
later than 12 months following the date of registration in the Cover Register, or 
(ii) they fall within credit quality step 2 as referred to in article 120 of the CRR and 
their maturity date falls not later than 100 days following the date of registration 
in the Cover Register; 
The value of these Cover Assets is equal to the amount of such assets as reflected in the 
financial accounts of the issuing credit institution; 
(e) 
the Cover Assets of category 5 are not taken into account for the calculation of the 
Cover Tests; 
(f) 
the Cover Assets for which there is a payment default, the value is equal to zero. As 
soon as an asset is more than 30 days in arrears, it can only be taken into account for 
50% of its value as determined in accordance with the above valuation rules; 
(g) 
in case a mortgage secures multiple claims and not all claims are included in the Special 
Estate, the value of the mortgage and of the real estate are allocated to the Cover Assets 
in the Special Estate based on the priority rules that can be established in the terms and 
conditions of the Belgian Pandbrieven.

--- Page 72 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
72 
4.14. 
In the event an asset included in the Special Estate (or collateral securing such asset) is governed 
by foreign law, such asset will only be taken into account for compliance with the Statutory 
Tests if such foreign law does not prevent that such assets will provide an exclusive right of 
recourse to the holders of the Belgian Pandbrieven (or the other creditors of claims related to 
the Belgian Pandbrieven issuance) (Article 3, §7 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree). 
5. 
SPECIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER IN RESPECT OF ADMINISTRATION 
OF THE BELGIAN COVERED BONDS 
5.1. 
In accordance with Article 15 of Annex III to the Banking Law, a credit institution that has 
issued Belgian Covered Bonds has the following special obligations in terms of follow-up and 
administration of the Belgian Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
in relation to each Special Estate, it needs to organise a special administration for the 
relevant Belgian Covered Bonds and the Cover Assets. This special administration 
entails, amongst others, the obligation to keep a register for each issue of Belgian 
Covered Bonds or, as the case may be, for all issues under an issuance programme in 
which all Cover Assets are registered (the Cover Register). 
In accordance with Article 9 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover Register 
includes at least information in respect of (i) the characteristics (nominal amount, 
maturity, interest rate) of the Belgian Covered Bonds and (ii) the characteristic of the 
Cover Assets (category, type of contract, currency, issuance and maturity date of the 
asset, identification of the counterparty, information on amortization, interest rate, 
guarantees and valuation). 
The issuing credit institution shall as soon as possible (and at least on a daily basis) 
register any transaction in respect of the Cover Assets in the Cover Register and shall 
as soon as possible update any characteristics in respect of the Cover Assets in the 
Cover Register. The segregation of an asset as a Cover Asset is valid and effective 
against third parties upon its registration in the Cover Register. Once an asset is deleted 
from the Cover Register, it is no longer part of the Special Estate. Only authorised staff 
is entitled to update the Cover Register. The issuing credit institution needs to take 
safety measures to prevent that the Cover Register is changed by unauthorised persons, 
damaged or destroyed. An up-to-date back-up shall be made on a monthly basis and be 
kept for 5 years at another location than the original Cover Register. All information in 
the Cover Register needs to be verifiable by the Cover Pool Monitor; 
(b) 
it needs to comply with reporting obligations specified by the NBB in accordance with 
the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation. These regulations provide for quarterly reporting 
on the Cover Assets and their valuation, yield and maturity, the results of the Liquidity 
Test and the hedging of currency and interest rate risk; 
(c) 
it needs to cooperate with its auditor, any Cover Pool Administrator and the Cover Pool 
Monitor in order to allow such parties to complete their tasks as set out in the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations, the terms and conditions of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
and the contractual agreements; 
(d) 
it needs to provide evidence to the NBB, periodically, that the Belgian Covered Bonds 
still comply with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, by providing a report on the 
special administration, the Cover Assets and their valuation, and the Liquidity Test; 
(e) 
it needs to provide evidence to the NBB that the Belgian Covered Bonds still comply 
with the requirement to obtain the Specific Authorisation, each time a significant

--- Page 73 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
73 
change occurs in relation to the Belgian Covered Bonds, the issuance programme or the 
related legal documentation; and 
(f) 
it needs to take measures to reduce interest rate and currency risk. To this effect, the 
issuing credit institution must establish a risk policy in order to ensure that in the event 
of brutal interest rate or currency exchange rate movements (as further specified in 
article 8 of the NBB Covered Bonds Regulations), the liquidity flows generated by the 
Cover Assets are sufficient to satisfy the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test, or 
sufficient other liquid assets are available. 
6. 
SPECIFIC SUPERVISION 
 
(A) 
Cover Pool Monitor 
6.1. 
As soon as Belgian Covered Bonds are issued, the issuing credit institution has to appoint, 
following the advice of the NBB, a cover pool monitor (portefeuille surveillant/surveillant de 
portefeuille) (the Cover Pool Monitor) for each issuance of, or for an issuance programme of, 
Belgian Covered Bonds (Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and Article 10 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree). 
6.2. 
The Cover Pool Monitor will report to the NBB on the compliance of the issuing credit 
institution with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations: 
(a) 
prior to an issuance of Belgian Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor reports to the 
NBB as to whether the credit institution is able to comply with the qualitative 
requirements of the Cover Assets, the limitations in respect of the Cover Assets, the 
level of cover and the available liquidity, and the requirements in respect of correct 
registration in the Cover Register; 
(b) 
following the issuance of Belgian Covered Bonds, these verifications are performed on 
an annual basis; 
(c) 
the compliance with the Cover Tests, the Liquidity Test and the registration in the 
Cover Register are however verified on a monthly basis. 
6.3. 
Once a year, the Cover Pool Monitor reports to the NBB on the results of its activities. As soon 
as the Cover Pool Monitor finds that the credit institution does not longer comply with the above 
requirements or the other requirements under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, it will 
immediately inform the NBB and the credit institution. The content and format of its reports 
are further set out in the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation. 
6.4. 
The NBB can also request that the cover pool monitor performs other tasks and verifications. 
6.5. 
The Cover Pool Monitor needs to be a recognized auditor of credit institutions other than the 
actual auditor of the issuing credit institution. Prior to terminating the appointment of the Cover 
Pool Monitor, the credit institution needs to obtain the advice of the NBB. In case the Cover 
Pool Monitor wants to resign, it will first need to inform the NBB. 
6.6. 
The fees and cost of the Cover Pool Monitor must be borne by the issuing credit institution. 
6.7. 
David De Schacht, accredited auditor for financial institutions, domiciled at 3391 Tielt-Winge, 
Attenrodestraat 43 and Jurgen De Raedemaeker, accredited auditor for financial institutions, 
domiciled at 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42, acting jointly and severally, have been appointed 
as Cover Pool Monitor in relation to the Special Estate pursuant to Article 16, §1 of Annex III 
to the Banking Law by the Issuer pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Appointment Agreement.

--- Page 74 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
74 
The appointment of David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker as Cover Pool Monitor was 
approved by the NBB on 26 June 2018. 
(B) 
NBB 
6.8. 
The NBB is the competent supervisor in respect of Belgian Covered Bonds issued by credit 
institutions. In case the NBB becomes aware that a specific category of debt instruments does 
no longer comply with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations or if the issuer does not longer 
comply with its specific obligations as issuer, the NBB will grant a remedy period. If the 
situation is not remedied within the remedy period, the NBB may revoke the General 
Authorisation and delete the issuer from the relevant list of credit institutions authorised to issue 
Belgian Covered Bonds. In extremely urgent situations, the NBB may proceed with a 
deregistration without remedy period. 
6.9. 
A deregistration will be notified by the NBB to the European Commission. As a result of this 
deregistration, the issuer will no longer be entitled to issue Belgian Covered Bonds. In case it 
wishes to issue new Belgian Covered Bonds, the Issuer will again have to comply with all 
requirements in order to be registered. A deregistration does not affect the holders of 
outstanding Belgian Covered Bonds. 
6.10. 
The NBB can also publish warnings/statements indicating that a credit institution has failed to 
comply with the NBB's requests to meet the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations within a specified grace period. In addition, as part of its general supervisory 
function under the Banking Law, the NBB can – after hearing or inviting the issuing credit 
institution for a hearing – impose a fine of maximum EUR 2,500,000 per breach or EUR 50,000 
per day of non-compliance 
6.11. 
The NBB has the power to impose administrative penalties on issuing credit institutions. Such 
administrative penalties may range from EUR 2,500 to EUR 2,500,000. 
7. 
OTHER PARTIES 
 
(A) 
Cover Pool Administrator 
7.1. 
Under certain circumstances, the NBB may or will appoint the Cover Pool Administrator to 
take over management of the Special Estate (see above 3 (C) Management of the Special 
Estate). 
7.2. 
The required qualifications and powers of the Cover Pool Administrator are further specified 
in the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree. 
7.3. 
The Cover Pool Administrator may not be the same entity as the liquidator of the issuing credit 
institution. Before the appointment of a party as Cover Pool Administrator, the NBB will assess 
whether such party has the required expertise and appropriate experience in order to manage 
the Cover Assets comprised in the Special Estate, is professionally reliable and has an 
appropriate organisation for the activities that it will have to perform as Cover Pool 
Administrator. An EEA credit institution that (i) has issued Mortgage Pandbrieven relating to 
similar cover assets, or (ii) manages portfolios of assets that would qualify as Cover Assets, is 
deemed to satisfy the requirements of the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree (Article 3). 
7.4. 
In order to comply with the obligations set out in the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, the 
Cover Pool Administrator has, inter alia, the power to take the following actions: 
(a) 
to make interest and principal payments in respect of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
deriving from Collections received or, as the case may be, available liquidity lines;

--- Page 75 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
75 
(b) 
to organise the receipt of Collections (including the enforcement of payments in arrears 
due on Cover Assets); 
(c) 
to sell Cover Assets; 
(d) 
to invest Collections until these are paid out (in assets that would be eligible as Cover 
Assets); 
(e) 
to renegotiate the terms of Cover Assets in arrears; 
(f) 
to enter into hedging instruments; 
(g) 
to enter into liquidity lines to ensure compliance with the contractual terms of the 
relevant Belgian Covered Bonds; and 
(h) 
to perform administrative task of the issuing credit institution in relation to the issued 
Belgian Covered Bonds. 
7.5. 
The Cover Pool Administrator will perform the Statutory Tests, report on such tests to the NBB 
and the representative of the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds on a quarterly basis and 
ensure the reporting as prescribed by the Covered Bonds Royal Decree and the NBB Covered 
Bonds Regulation. 
7.6. 
For each transaction (in particular a sale of Cover Assets) that entails the risk that the Statutory 
Tests or the conditions of the Belgian Covered Bonds will no longer be complied with, the 
Cover Pool Administrator needs to obtain the approval of the NBB and the representative of 
the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds. 
 
(B) 
Representative of the holder of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
7.7. 
For the holders of Belgian Covered Bonds of a specific issue or of the same issuance 
programme, one or more representatives can be appointed either by the issuing credit institution 
prior to the issuance of the Belgian Covered Bonds or by the general meeting of the holders of 
the Belgian Covered Bonds after the issuance (Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law). 
7.8. 
The powers of the representative of the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds are determined 
either in the terms and conditions of the Belgian Covered Bonds or by the general meeting of 
the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds. The general meeting of the holders of the Belgian 
Covered Bonds may at all times revoke the appointment of such representative of the holders 
of the Belgian Covered Bonds provided at the same time one or more substitute representative 
are appointed. 
7.9. 
The representative of the holders of the Belgian Covered Bonds may also represent other 
creditors of claims related to the Belgian Covered Bonds issuance provided it is mandated by 
such creditors. 
7.10. 
Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative has been appointed by the 
Issuer as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in relation to the Programme 
pursuant to Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law in accordance with the terms of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative Appointment Agreement. The tasks and duties 
of Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative as representative of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative) are 
further described in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, the Conditions and the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement. 
8. 
MOBILISATION LAW

--- Page 76 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
76 
8.1. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Law and the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree, Cover Assets that are registered into the Cover Register will form part of the Special 
Estate providing an exclusive recourse to the holders of Belgian Covered Bondss and the Other 
Creditors of claims related to the Belgian Covered Bonds issuance. The Mobilisation Law that 
was adopted on the same date as the Covered Bond Law provides for certain additional 
protections in respect of the segregation of Cover Assets in the Special Estate. These include, 
inter alia, the following: 
(a) 
the registration of Cover Assets in a Cover Register is valid and effective in case the 
registration: 
(i) precedes the start of insolvency proceedings, an attachment or a situation of 
concurrence of creditors, or 
(ii) occurs on the date of the opening of such proceedings, provided that the credit 
institution was rightfully ignorant (gewettigde onwetendheid/ignorance légitime) 
of the start of such proceedings. 
In such case, the registration cannot be challenged on the basis of claw-back rules set 
out in the Belgian Bankruptcy Code of 8 August 1997, unless in the event of fraud 
(Article 8, §2 of the Mobilisation Law); 
(b) 
the debtor of a bank claim that is registered as a Cover Asset in the Cover Register, 
will, subject to some limited exceptions, no longer be entitled to invoke set-off rights 
(legal and contractual) or suspend payments on the basis of an exception of non-
performance in respect of such claim, following a notification of the registration of such 
claim in the Cover Register or following the start of insolvency proceedings against the 
issuing credit institution, if the conditions for set-off or the exception of non-
performance (including the requirement that the claims to be set-off or on the basis of 
which the defense is invoked, are payable) are only satisfied following such notification 
or start of the insolvency proceedings (Article 6, §§2 to 5 of the Mobilisation Law); 
(c) 
in the event a claim, secured by a mortgage that is an All Sums Mortgage, is registered 
into the Special Estate, then such claim will in respect of such mortgage be paid (i) in 
priority to all other claims secured by the same mortgage that came into existence after 
the date of this registration and (ii) pari passu and pro rata with the other claims that 
existed on the date of registration, unless otherwise agreed between Special Estate and 
the General Estate (Article 81quinquies of the Belgian act on mortages 
(hypotheekwet/loi hypothécaire) (the Mortgage Act); 
(d) 
a Mortgage Mandate is, by operation of law, deemed to be granted for the benefit of 
any transferee of the secured claim and is transferred automatically together with the 
secured claim (including in case of a registration into the Special Estate).

--- Page 77 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
77 
 
SECTION 5 – DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme. The 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven in Euro (or its equivalent in 
any other relevant Specified Currency) shall not at any time exceed EUR 20,000,000,000. All 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme and the Other Cover Pool Creditors will 
benefit from (i) a right of recourse against the General Estate of the Issuer and (ii) an exclusive 
right of recourse against the Special Estate of the Issuer established in respect of the 
Programme. All Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding from time to time shall be included in a list 
which can be consulted on the website of the NBB (Prudential Supervision – Areas of 
Responsibility – Credit Institutions – Lists – Current Issues of Belgian Covered Bonds). The 
information contained on the website of the NBB (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
1.2 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Mortgage Pandbrieven subject to the Conditions 
(and the applicable Final Terms) set out in this Base Prospectus, but may also from time to time 
issue Mortgage Pandbrieven subject to terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus. 
1.3 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement 
(together with each Subscription Agreement, if applicable) and the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders will be represented by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative pursuant to 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement which shall have the powers and 
rights conferred on it by the applicable Conditions and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
Representative Agreement. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will also have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Domiciliary Agent, other paying agents, Listing Agent, 
Registrar (if applicable) and (together with the Calculation Agency Agreement, if applicable) 
the Calculation Agent shall be appointed. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will have the benefit of 
the Special Estate Administration Agreement. 
1.4 
Furthermore, the Issuer will enter into a Cover Pool Monitor Agreement to appoint a Cover 
Pool Monitor in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, and will enter into a 
Clearing Services Agreement with the NBB in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven which will 
be represented by a book-entry in the records of the Securities Settlement System. 
1.5 
The Programme Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement, the 
Special Estate Administration Agreement, any Calculation Agency Agreement, any 
Subscription Agreement, each of the Final Terms, any Hedging Agreement, any Liquidity 
Facility Agreement and any additional document entered into in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and/or the Special Estate and designated as a Programme Document by the Issuer 
and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (as the same may be amended, 
supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time) are together referred to as the 
programme documents (the Programme Documents). 
1.6 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, the Issuer shall be entitled to vary, approve 
or terminate the appointment of any agent or party thereto and/or appoint any additional or 
substitute agent or party in relation to the issue of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Issuer may 
also enter into any other agreement or document as it may from time to time deem necessary or 
appropriate in relation to the Programme or issuance of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each of the 
Programme Documents shall further contain specific provisions for the amendment, 
supplement, replacement and/or restatement of such agreement and a reference to any

--- Page 78 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
78 
Programme Document shall be deemed a reference to such agreement as the same may from 
time be time be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated. 
2. 
PROGRAMME AGREEMENT 
2.1. 
On or about the date hereof, the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer entered into the Programme 
Agreement. The Programme Agreement includes the arrangements under which Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, 
the Dealer. The Programme Agreement makes, inter alia, provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, the price at which such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be subscribed by the Dealer (or, as the case may be, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the 
Issuer in respect of such subscription. 
2.2. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment 
of the existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
3. 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS REPRESENTATIVE AGREEMENT 
3.1 
Introduction  
(a) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement 
dated on or about the date hereof (as amended from time to time), Stichting BNP 
Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative has been appointed as the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
(the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative). 
(b) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has been appointed by the Issuer 
as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, 
§2 of Annex III to the Banking Law upon the terms and conditions set out in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and the section "Meeting 
Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders" of this Base Prospectus. 
(c) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative can also be appointed to represent 
the Other Cover Pool Creditors provided that those Other Cover Pool Creditors agree 
with such representation. 
3.2 
Powers, authorities and duties 
The powers, authorities and duties of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative are 
specified under Part 2 "Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative" of the section 
"Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders" of this Base Prospectus. 
3.3 
Retirement and removal 
 
The provisions for the retirement or removal of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative are set out in Part 2 “Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative” of the 
section “Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders” of this Base Prospectus. 
3.4 
Liability, exoneration and indemnity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative 
 
See Part 2 “Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative” of the section “Meeting Rules 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders” of this Base Prospectus for a summary of the

--- Page 79 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
79 
provisions relating to the liability, relief from liability and entitlement to indemnity of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
3.5 
Amendments 
(a) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may upon the request of the Issuer 
on behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without the consent or sanction of 
any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of any Series or the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors it represents at any time and from time to time, concur with the Issuer or any 
other person in making: 
(i) any modification (other than in respect of a Basic Term Change) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of one or more Series (including 
the Conditions) or any Programme Document provided that in the sole opinion of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative such modification is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
of such Series; or 
(ii) any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
of any one or more Series (including the Conditions) or any Programme Document 
which is in the sole opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with the mandatory statutory provisions or would cause such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or such Programme Documents to better reflect or comply with the 
provisions and requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(b) 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
(c) 
In no event may such modification be a Basic Term Change. Reference is made to 
section "Meeting Rules of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders" of this Base Prospectus 
for further details in this respect. 
3.6 
Waivers 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may in its sole discretion, without the 
consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without prejudice to its rights in respect of 
any further or other breach, condition, event or act from time to time and at any time, but only 
if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will not be 
materially prejudiced thereby, (i) authorise or waive, on such terms and conditions (if any) as 
shall seem expedient to it, any proposed or actual breach of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in or arising pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven or any of the Programme Documents, or (ii) determine 
that any breach shall not be, or shall not be subject to specified conditions, treated as such. 
Any such authorisation, waiver or determination pursuant to this clause shall be binding on 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and notice thereof shall be given by the Issuer (or the 
Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable) to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Rating 
Agency. 
3.7 
Conflicts of interest 
(a) 
In exercising any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall have regard to the overall interests of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series taken together and of the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be

--- Page 80 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
80 
obliged to have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to 
individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or such Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
(b) 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, as regards the powers, 
authorities and discretions vested in it, except where expressly provided otherwise, 
have regard to the interests of both the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series and 
the Other Cover Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative but, if, in the opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, there is a conflict between the interests the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative will have regard solely to the interest of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, but, for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to 
the applicable priority of payments. 
4. 
AGENCY AGREEMENT  
4.1 
Under the Agency Agreement, the Domiciliary Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Registar and the Listing Agent will undertake to ensure the payment of the sums 
due on the Mortgage Pandbrieven and perform all other obligations and duties imposed on it 
by the Conditions and the Agency Agreement. 
4.2 
In addition, the Domiciliary Agent will perform the tasks described in the Clearing Services 
Agreement dated on or about the date hereof, which comprise inter alia providing the NBB as 
operator the Securities Settlement System with information relating to the issue of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, the Base Prospectus and other documents required by law. 
4.3 
The Listing Agent will cause an application to be made to Euronext Brussels for the admission 
to trading of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
4.4 
The Registrar will maintain a register for the Registration of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
which shall show the principal amount of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (as well as their 
date of issue and the Special Estate relating to such Registered Mortgage Pandbrief). The 
Register shall be available for inspecting by the Issuer, Domiciliary Agent or any person 
authorised by any of them. The Registrar will cancel any redeemed Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
4.5 
The Issuer shall pay or procure the payment of such commissions in respect of the services of 
the Domiciliary Agent, the Paying Agents and the Listing Agent under the Agency Agreement 
as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Agent. 
4.6 
The Issuer and each Agent may at any time, subject to prior written notice, terminate the 
appointment of a relevant Agent under the Agency Agreement. In addition, in certain events, 
the Issuer may terminate the appointment of an Agent forthwith. The termination of the 
appointment of an Agent (whether by the Issuer or by the resignation of the Agent) shall not be 
effective unless upon the expiry of the relevant notice there is: 
(a) 
a Domiciliary Agent and a Principal Paying Agent (which may be the same entity) that 
will at all times be a participant in the Securities Settlement System; 
(b) 
so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by any other relevant authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Domiciliary 
Agent) that has its specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority (which, so long as the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on Euronext Brussels, shall be Brussels);

--- Page 81 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
81 
(c) 
so long as there are Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, a Registrar (which may be the 
Issuer itself); and 
(d) 
in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, a Calculation Agent (which may 
be the Issuer itself). 
4.7 
The Agency Agreement provides for the appointment from time to time of a Calculation Agent 
to determine the interest rate in relation to any Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven. Such 
Calculation Agent may be appointed pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement which 
supplements the arrangements in the Agency Agreement. 
5. 
COVER POOL MONITOR AGREEMENT 
5.1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, David De Schacht, 
accredited auditor for financial institutions, domiciled at 3391 Tielt-Winge, 
Attenrodestraat 43 and Jurgen De Raedemaeker, accredited auditor for financial 
institutions, domiciled at 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42, acting joint and severally 
have been appointed as cover pool monitor pursuant to 16, §1 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law. The appointment of David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker 
jointly as Cover Pool Monitor was approved by the NBB on 26 June 2018 as stated in 
a confirmation letter dated 27 June 2018. 
(b) 
Each of David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker is a recognized banking 
auditor (revisor/réviseur) other than the statutory auditor of the Issuer (Article 11 §3 
of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree). During the term of the appointment of Cover 
Pool Monitor, David De Schacht and Jurgen De Raedemaeker shall not act as statutory 
auditor of the Issuer. 
5.2. 
Tests and Reporting  
(a) The Cover Pool Monitor has agreed to perform the tasks and services entrusted to a 
cover pool monitor under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations in relation to the 
Issuer as issuer of Belgian Covered Bonds and the Special Estate. These tasks include, 
inter alia: 
(i) 
the issue of periodic reports to the NBB on compliance by the Issuer with the 
legal and regulatory framework in relation to Belgian Covered Bonds, 
including (among other things) the qualitative requirements in relation to the 
cover assets, the requirements for the cover register and the Statutory Tests; 
and 
(ii) 
such other tasks and verifications as may be requested by the NBB. 
(b) Prior to the first issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Cover Pool Monitor will 
among other things: 
(i) 
verify that all requirements applicable to the Cover Assets are fulfilled; 
(ii) 
analyse the Issuer's assessment of its organisational capacity to issue 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, including the Issuer's risk management policies to 
mitigate interest rate and currency exchange risks and report its findings to the 
NBB; and

--- Page 82 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
82 
(iii) 
perform the procedures set out in the annex to the NBB Cover Pool Monitor 
Regulation and such other procedures as it deems necessary to assess the 
Issuer's organisational suitability. 
(c) Following the issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Cover Pool Monitor will among 
other things: 
(i) 
verify, at least once a year whether all requirements applicable to the Cover 
Assets are fulfilled; 
(ii) 
verify at least once a month whether the Statutory Tests and the requirements 
in relation to the Cover Register are met;  
(iii) 
immediately inform the NBB and the Issuer if the Issuer does not comply with 
such requirements. 
(d) The Cover Pool Monitor shall perform its tasks in accordance with the provisions of 
the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and in particular the NBB Cover Pool Monitor 
Regulation. 
5.3. 
Termination of appointment  
(a) 
The Issuer may terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor on 30 calendar 
days’ prior written notice provided that it has the prior consent of the NBB. 
(b) 
The Cover Pool Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 30 calendar days' 
prior written notice to the Issuer and the NBB (with such notice stating the reasons for 
its resignation). The Cover Pool Monitor has agreed to provide its services under the 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement during an initial period expiring on 15 March 2019 
(the Initial Term), which will thereafter be tacitly renewed for additional one calendar 
year periods (each a Renewal Period) provided that the Cover Pool Monitor may 
resign from its appointment under the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement upon providing 
the Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the NBB with at 
least 3 calendar months days' prior written notice before the end or the Initial Term or 
the end of the additional Renewal Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Cover 
Pool Monitor may with the prior consent of the NBB resign from its appointment 
immediately by giving written notice to the Issuer and the NBB in the event a 
professional conflict of interest for the Cover Pool Monitor is caused by an action of 
the Issuer (or its shareholders) or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
or in the event the performance of its services would become illegal following a 
change of law. The Cover Pool Monitor is required to resign if it becomes the statutory 
auditor of the Issuer or otherwise becomes ineligible to act as a Cover Pool Monitor 
pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and the NBB Cover Pool Monitor 
Regulation. 
(c) 
Upon the Cover Pool Monitor giving 30 calendar days' prior written notice of 
resignation, the Issuer shall immediately use all reasonable endeavours to appoint a 
replacement (such replacement to be approved by the NBB which agrees to perform 
the duties of the Cover Pool Monitor set out in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations 
and in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement). 
5.4. 
Costs 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Appointment Agreement, the fees and cost of 
the Cover Pool Monitor will be borne by the Issuer.

--- Page 83 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
83 
6. 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
The Programme Agreement may be supplemented on or around the date of each issuance by 
a subscription agreement, which will set out, inter alia, the relevant underwriting 
commitments (such agreement, the Subscription Agreement). 
7. 
SPECIAL ESTATE ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
7.1. 
The Special Estate Administration Agreement dated on or about the date hereof provides that 
all Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme shall be subject to and have the benefit 
of certain common terms (the Special Estate Administration Terms) regardless of whether 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued under the Base Prospectus or not. These Special Estate 
Administration Terms specify that all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will be represented by 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and will benefit from a recourse to the 
same Special Estate. Such recourse shall only extend to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
and the Other Cover Pool Creditors under the Programme. 
7.2. 
The other Special Estate Administration Terms provided for in the Special Estate 
Administration Agreement are: 
(a) 
the establishment and maintenance of the Cover Register in accordance with the 
requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(b) 
compliance of the Special Estate with the Statutory Tests; 
(c) 
the exclusion of RMBS/ABS from the Special Estate; 
(d) 
the provision of the Investor Report; 
(e) 
the events of default to apply to all Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (which are the 
same as those set out in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default)); 
(f) 
the priorities of payment to apply following an Event of Default or an early repayment 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (which are the same as those set out in Condition 9 
(Priority of Payment)); 
(g) 
the types of assets which are to be used by the Issuer to comply with its revindication 
obligations should Cover Assets become commingled with the General Estate of the 
Issuer (which are the same as those set out in Condition 12.1 (Criteria for the transfer 
of assets by the General Estate to the Special Estate)); 
(h) 
the priority of application for recoveries from security which secures both Cover 
Assets (to which such recoveries shall first be applied until such Cover Assets have 
been satisfied in full) and assets forming part of the General Estate (which shall only 
receive such recoveries when the relevant Cover Assets have been repaid in full); 
(i) 
the collateral provided under Hedging Agreements which are Cover Assets shall only 
be used for obligations in relation to the Special Estate and in accordance with the 
relevant Hedging Agreement; and 
(j) 
the appointment and maintenance of the appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor. 
7.3. 
The Special Estate Administration Agreement may only be amended by a Programme 
Resolution (as defined in the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement). 
However, the Special Estate Administration Agreement may be amended in writing between

--- Page 84 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
84 
the Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the Cover Pool Monitor, 
without the agreement or consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders if: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the 
amendment will not materially prejudice the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders; or 
(b) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the 
amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(c) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is of the opinion that the 
amendment is to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory statutory 
provisions; or 
(d) 
to better reflect the requirements and provisions of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations. 
7.4. 
Upon the Issuer’s request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, without 
the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, concur with the Issuer in 
making any modifications to the Conditions, to the Meeting Rules or to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms (together with any requisite or consequential modifications to the 
Programme Documents) that the Issuer may decide in its discretion to request in order to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law or with any criteria of a Rating Agency which may 
be published after the signing of the initial agreement(s) for the issuance of and subscription 
for the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative in writing it reasonably believes are necessary to avoid a downgrade, 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven, provided that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
shall not be obliged to agree to any modifications which, in the sole opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, would have effect of (i) exposing the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, to any liability against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing 
the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable in the Meeting Rules or the Conditions. For avoidance of doubt, 
such modification may include, without limitation, modifications which would allow any 
hedge counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider not to post collateral in circumstances 
where it previously would have been obliged to do so. 
7.5. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the Issuer’s request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall, without the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders, concur with the Issuer in making any modifications to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms (together with any requisite or consequential modifications to the 
Programme Documents) that the Issuer may decide in its own discretion in relation to future 
issues of Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme provided that: 
(a) 
such modifications will not affect the then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency 
to any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme; and  
(b) 
the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in writing 
that these modifications will not affect the rights of Mortgage Pandbrieven already 
issued under the Programme, provided that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole 
opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, would 
have effect of:

--- Page 85 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
85 
(i) 
exposing the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, 
to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or  
(ii) 
increasing the obligations or duties, or increasing the protections, of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable in the Meeting 
Rules or the Conditions. For avoidance of doubt, such modification may 
include, without limitation, modifications which would allow any hedge 
counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider not to post collateral in 
circumstances where it previously would have been obliged to do so. 
8. 
CLEARING SERVICES AGREEMENT 
Pursuant to the Clearing Services Agreement, the NBB as operator of the Securities 
Settlement System will provide clearing services for the Issuer. 
9. 
HEDGING AGREEMENTS 
9.1. 
The Issuer or, upon its appointment by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may, from 
time to time during the Programme, enter into interest rate swap agreements, currency swap 
agreements and other relevant swap or hedging agreements (together the Hedging 
Agreements) with one or more hedging counterparties (the Hedging Counterparties) for the 
purpose of, inter alia, protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, 
interest rate, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets and/or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
9.2. 
The distribution or priority rules between the obligations towards Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Hedging Counterparties are determined in the Conditions. Reference is made 
to Condition 9 (Priority of Payments) in this respect. 
10. 
LIQUIDATION FACILITY AGREEMENTS 
10.1. 
The Issuer or, upon its appointment by the NBB, the Cover Pool Administrator may, from time 
to time during the Programme, enter into liquidity facility agreements (the Liquidity Facility 
Agreements) in relation to the Special Estate with one or more liquidity facility providers (the 
Liquidity Facility Providers) in order to improve the liquidity of the Special Estate. 
10.2. 
The distribution or priority rules between the obligations towards Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Liquidity Facility Providers are determined in the Conditions. Reference is 
made to Condition 9 (Priority of Payments) in this respect.

--- Page 86 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
86 
 
SECTION 6 – COVER ASSETS 
The Belgian Covered Bond Regulations identify five categories of assets that may be included as 
cover assets in a special estate in relation to an issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven (see “Summary of 
the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations” – section “4.B. Further qualitative requirements for Cover 
Assets relating to Belgian Pandbrieven” above). In accordance with the undertakings included in 
the Conditions (see Condition 2.6(b)) and the Programme Documents, the Issuer will further limit 
the types of assets that will be eligible as Cover Assets for the Special Estate as described below. 
1. 
Eligible Assets - Types 
The following types of assets may be included as Cover Assets in the Special Estate: 
(a) 
Residential Mortgage Loans (category 1): mortgage receivables secured by a mortgage 
on residential real estate located in the European Economic Area (EEA). With respect 
to residential mortgage loans, the Issuer must be the beneficiary of a first ranking 
mortgage. Mortgage receivables relating to residential real estate under construction or 
in development can only be included in the Special Estate if they do not represent more 
than 15% of all the residential mortgage loans included in the Special Estate. 
Residential real estate is defined as real property that is destined for housing or for rent 
(huur/location). 
(b) 
Exposures to public sector entities (category 3): receivables on or guaranteed or insured 
by (i) central, regional or local authorities of EEA Member States that are member of 
the organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), (ii) central 
banks of these member states, (iii) public sector entities of these member states or (iv) 
multilateral development banks or international organisations that qualify for a 0% risk 
weighing as set out in annex VI, 20 of Directive 2006/48/EC of 14 June 2006 (the CRD 
Directive), but excluding in each case, public sector asset backed securities (ABS). 
(c) 
Exposures to credit institutions (category 4): claims against credit institutions that have 
the status of credit institution under the law of a member state of the OECD and cash 
held on account with these credit institutions, as well as sums held by the issuing credit 
institution. 
(d) 
Hedging Agreements (category 5): positions resulting from one or more Hedging 
Agreements linked to one or more Cover Assets or Mortgage Pandbrieven concerned, 
as well as sums paid under these positions may also qualify as Cover Assets. The 
counterparty of these instruments must have the status of a credit institution under an 
OECD member state. 
The Hedging Agreements may only cover interest rate risk, currency exchange risk or 
other risks linked to the Cover Assets or the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Hedging Agreements may only be included in the Special Estate if reorganisation 
measures or winding-up proceedings opened against the Issuer do not automatically 
result in the early termination (close-out) of these Hedging Agreements and if the 
Hedging Counterparty cannot invoke such procedures in order to claim the termination 
(close-out) of these Hedging Agreements. The Issuer may not include the derivatives 
in one of the novation or netting agreements to which it is a party. 
The Issuer must be able to demonstrate that the default risk of the Hedging Counterparty 
is limited.

--- Page 87 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
87 
Hedging Agreements registered in the Cover Register are part of the Special Estate. 
When the counterparty is a group-related entity of the Issuer, it must have the status of 
credit institution in an EEA Member State and must benefit from the credit quality step 
1 (as defined in article 120 of the CRR). 
Amounts paid as reimbursement, collection or payment of interest on claims or assets 
included in the Special Estate as part of the relevant categories, may be taken into 
account as Cover Assets that are a part of their respective category. 
We refer to chapter 4 of the Summary of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations for a 
description of the valuation criteria and the Statutory Tests. 
2. 
Main category of Cover Asset – Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Special Estate may be composed of assets of each of the following categories (residential 
mortgage loans (but excluding Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS)) (category 1), 
public exposures (but excluding Public Asset Backed Securities) (category 3), exposures to 
credit institutions (category 4) and Hedging Agreements (category 5)). 
The main asset category of the Special Estate will consist of Category 1 i.e. Residential 
Mortgage Loans (excluding RMBS). 
The value of Cover Assets out of this Category 1 (Residential Mortgage Loans, but excluding 
RMBS) as determined in accordance with the valuation rules set out in the Article 6 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree must represent at least 85% of the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of all Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series outstanding (the 85% Asset Coverage 
Test). In exceptional circumstances the NBB may decrease the minimum percentage of 85 % 
of the 85% Asset Coverage Test. 
3. 
Description of the Residential Mortgage Loans 
(a) 
Interest Rates 
The Residential Mortgage Loans comprising Cover Assets bear: 
(i) 
a fixed rate interest for the entire term of the Residential Mortgage Loan; or 
(ii) 
an interest rate which is subject to a reset from time to time, with the period 
between to reset dates being no less than one year and no more than ten years. 
The actual amount of interest paid under the Residential Mortgage Loans will vary during the 
maturity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven as a result of the level of delinquencies, defaults, 
repurchases, repayments and prepayments in respect of the Residential Mortgage Loans.

--- Page 88 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
88 
(b) 
Prepayment Penalties 
In accordance with applicable law, the Residential Mortgage Loan agreements allow for 
prepayment penalties equal to three months interest on the prepaid amount, calculated at the 
interest rate then applicable to the prepaid Residential Mortgage Loan (except in the case of: 
(a) death of a Borrower if the Residential Mortgage Loan is repaid from the proceeds of life 
insurance taken out in relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans; or (b) in case of destruction 
of or damage to the property because of hazard, to the extent that the prepayment occurs with 
funds paid pursuant to a hazard insurance policy relating to the Residential Mortgage Loan). 
(c) 
Default Interest 
In 
respect 
of 
arrears 
on 
the 
Residential 
Mortgage 
Loans, 
default 
interest 
(nalatigheidsinterest/intérêt moratoire) at a rate of up to 0.5 per cent per annum is 
charged/applied in addition to the interest rate then applicable to the Residential Mortgage 
Loan. 
(d) 
Types of Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Residential Mortgage Loans comprising Cover Assets are of the following repayment 
terms: 
(i) 
Linear Residential Mortgage Loan means a mortgage loan under which the 
Borrower has to make a periodical repayment of principal which remains the 
same for the duration of the loan, so that the debt gradually decreases. Due to 
the decreasing outstanding balance, the interest payment decreases 
proportionally. As a result, the gross mortgage costs (interest plus repayment 
of principal) decreases over time; 
(ii) 
Annuity Residential Mortgage Loan means a mortgage loan under which 
the Borrower has to make a periodical repayment which remains the same for 
the duration of the loan consisting partly of interest and partly of principal, 
whereby the interest payments decrease and the repayments of principal 
increase. As of 1 January 1995, only monthly based Annuity Mortgage Loan 
can be offered. The monthly payment has been calculated based on monthly 
scheduled payments in arrears, as a result of which the distribution between 
the interest and principal component alters every month; 
(iii) 
Interest-Only Residential Mortgage Loan means a mortgage loan under 
which the Borrower does not have to reimburse principal amount until 
maturity of such loan, but only makes interest payments during the lifetime of 
the loan. The interest payment can be monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or 
annually; and 
(iv) 
Reconstitution Residential Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage 
Loan the terms of which provide that on its final maturity date the proceeds 
of a Reconstitution Insurance Policy will be used for its repayment. Under this 
type of Residential Mortgage Loan the Borrower does not repay any principal, 
but instead pays life insurance premiums to the Insurance Company and 
interest on the Mortgage Loans. The premiums are used to provide death cover 
and to accumulate capital. For that purpose the Borrower or a third party who 
has taken out the insurance on the life of the Borrower, transfers or pledges to 
the Originator its rights to payment and under the relevant Reconstitution 
Insurance Policy or appoints the Originator as the beneficiary of such policy.

--- Page 89 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
89 
A Reconstitution Insurance Policy is either an Investment Insurance Policy 
or a Savings Insurance Policy. An Investment Insurance Policy is a life 
insurance policy under which the premiums paid by the Borrower or the third 
party that has taken out the policy on the life of the Borrower, are invested in 
an investment fund. This type of policy is always combined with a prior death 
coverage. Upon maturity of the Reconstitution Loan the investments will be 
sold and the proceeds used to repay the loan (whether in full or in part, 
depending on the value of the investments). Should the Borrower decease the 
proceeds will be used to repay the loan. Savings Insurance Policy is a life 
insurance policy under which the premiums are used to accumulate capital at 
a guaranteed minimum rate of return. This type of policy is also always 
combined with a prior death coverage. 
(e) 
Loan Security 
The Residential Mortgage Loans are secured by (1) a first ranking mortgage, and, as the case 
may be, (2) a lower ranking mortgage provided that the Issuer also has the benefit of all higher 
ranking mortgages on the same real estate and, as the case may be, a mandate to create 
mortgages. 
(i) 
Mortgage 
A mortgage creates a priority right to payment out of the mortgaged assets, 
subject to mandatory statutory priorities (including beneficiaries of prior 
ranking mortgages). 
Most of the Residential Mortgage Loans are secured by a Mortgage which is 
used to also secure all other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future 
may owe to the Issuer (alle sommen hypotheek/hypothèque pour toute somme) 
(a All Sums Mortgage). 
Pursuant to article 81quinquies of the Mortgage Act a receivable secured by 
an All Sums Mortgage which is registered in the Cover Register shall, in 
respect of such mortgage, (i) rank in priority to any receivable which arises 
after the date of the registration and (ii) have equal ranking with loans or debts 
which existed at the time of the registration, unless stipulated otherwise in the 
issue conditions. 
Other Mortgage Loans have been originated under credit facilities which have 
the form of a revolving facility (kredietopening / ouverture de crédit)(a Credit 
Facility). The Mortgage that is granted as security for this type of loans is 
used to secure all advances (voorschotten / avances) made available under 
such revolving facility. In many cases the Mortgage that is created in respect 
of this type of loans is also an All Sums Mortgage. 
Pursuant to article 81quater of the Mortgage Act, an advance granted under a 
revolving facility secured by a mortgage can be registered in the Cover 
Register. Such advance will benefit from the privileges and mortgages 
securing the revolving facility. The advance registered in the Cover Register 
shall, in respect of the mortgage securing the revolving facility, (i) rank in 
priority to further advances that are granted after the date of registration and 
(ii) have equal ranking with other advances which existed at the time of the 
registration, unless stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions.

--- Page 90 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
90 
Condition 12.3 (Priority Rules regarding security interest securing both 
Cover Assets and assets in the General Estate) provides that if a security 
interest (including any mortgage and mortgage mandate) secures both Cover 
Assets and assets in the General Estate, all sums received out of the 
enforcement of the security interest will be applied in priority to satisfy the 
obligations in relation to the Cover Assets. Any proceeds of enforcement of 
such security interest can only be applied in satisfaction of the obligations of 
the relevant assets in the General Estate once all sums owed to the Special 
Estate in respect of the relevant Cover Assets are irrevocably repaid in full. 
(ii) 
Mortgage Mandate 
A mortgage mandate is often used in addition to a mortgage to limit 
registration duties payable by the Borrower. 
A mortgage mandate does not create an actual security interest and does not 
therefore create an actual priority right of payment out of the proceeds of a 
sale of the mortgaged assets. The mortgage mandate is an irrevocable mandate 
granted by a Borrower or a third party collateral provider to certain attorneys 
to create a mortgage as security for the Residential Mortgage Loan and all 
other amounts which the Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer. 
Only after creation of the mortgage, the beneficiary of the mortgage will have 
a priority right to payment out of the proceeds of a sale of the mortgaged 
assets. See further Risk Factors – Mortgage Loans – Mortgage Mandates; 
(iii) 
as the case may be, life insurance policies and hazard insurance policies; 
(iv) 
as the case may be, an assignment of salary by the Borrower; and/or 
(v) 
as the case may be, any pledge, set-off or unicity of account rights of the Issuer 
pursuant to its applicable general banking terms and conditions. 
Pursuant to Article 3, §2, 3° of Annex III to the Banking Law (and, as far as Mortgage 
Mandates are concerned, Articles 81sexies and 81septies of the Mortgage Act), all 
security interests and sureties, guarantees or privileges under whichever form that 
have been granted in relation to Cover Assets as well as rights under insurance 
policies and other contracts in relation to the Cover Assets or the management of the 
Special Estate are automatically part of the Special Estate.

--- Page 91 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
91 
 
SECTION 7 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND SUPPLEMENTS 
TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously within 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(CSSF) shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
 
The 2019 annual report of the Issuer including in particular, the audited annual financial 
statements of the Issuer (including the unqualified opinion with an explanatory paragraph of 
the statutory auditors on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2019); the auditor consents with the audit report being incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus), including, among other things: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated profit and loss account of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
page 46 
(b) 
the statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
recognised directly in equity of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 
page 47 
(c) 
the balance sheet of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 
page 48 
(d) 
the cash flow statement of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 
page 49 
(e) 
statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 1 
January 2018 and 31 December 2019 
page 50 
(f) 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019 (including a summary 
of significant accounting policies applied by the Issuer, effect 
of IFRS 16 first time adoption, notes to the profit and loss 
account, segment information, notes to the balance sheet, 
commitments given or received, salaries and employee 
benefits and additional information) 
pages 51-164 
(g) 
the section headed "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy", 
including: 
pages 165-186 
(i) 
Risk management organisation 
pages 167-168 
(ii) 
Risk measurement and categories 
Pages 169-170 
(iii) 
Capital Adequacy 
pages 171-173 
(iv) 
Credit and counterparty credit risk 
pages 174-178 
(v) 
Market risk 
pages 179-181

--- Page 92 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
92 
(vi) 
Sovereign risk 
page 182 
(vii) 
Operational risk 
page 183 
(viii) 
Compliance and reputational risk 
page 184 
(ix) 
Liquidity 
pages 185-186 
(h) 
the statutory auditor's report to the general shareholder's 
meeting on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (an unqualified 
opinion with an explanatory paragraph) 
pages 187-196 
(i) 
the section headed ‘Report of the Board of Directors' 
describing decisions of the Board of the Issuer pursuant to 
article 3:32 of the Belgian Company Code 
page 198-200 
 
The 2018 annual report of the Issuer including, in particular, the audited annual financial 
statements of the Issuer (including the unqualified opinion with an explanatory paragraph on 
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018); the auditor 
consents with the audit report being incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus), 
including, among other things: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated profit and loss account of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 
page 4 
(b) 
the statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
recognised directly in equity of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2018 
page 5 
(c) 
the balance sheet of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2018 
page 6 
(d) 
the cash flow statement of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2018 
page 7 
(e) 
statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 1 
January 2017 and 31 December 2018 
page 8 
(f) 
statement on the minority interests between 1 January 2017 
and 31 December 2018 
    page 
127 
(g) 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2018 (including a summary 
of significant accounting policies applied by the Issuer, 
segment information, financing commitments and guarantee 
commitments, salaries and employee benefits and additional 
information) 
pages 10-166

--- Page 93 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
93 
(h) 
the section headed "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy", 
including: 
pages 154 – 174 
(i) 
Risk management organisation 
pages 155 – 156 
(ii) 
Risk measurement and categories 
pages 157 – 158 
(iii) 
Capital Adequacy 
pages 159 – 161 
(iv) 
Credit and counterparty credit risk 
pages 162 – 166 
(v) 
Market risk 
pages 167 – 169 
(vi) 
Sovereign risk 
page 170 
(vii) 
Operational risk 
page 171 
(viii) 
Compliance and reputational risk 
page 172 
(ix) 
Liquidity 
pages 173 – 174 
(i) 
the statutory auditor's report to the general shareholder's 
meeting on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2018 (unqualified 
opinion with an explanatory paragraph) 
pages 175-186 
(j) 
the section headed ’Information related to Article 523 of the 
Belgian companies code' describing decisions of the Board of 
BNPPF of 9 March 2017 
page 192 
 
The Issuer’s half-year report for the first six months ended on 30 June 2020, which includes the 
following information (without limitation): 
(a) 
the profit and loss account of the Issuer for the first half of 
2020 
page 16 
(b) 
the statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
recognised directly in equity of the Issuer for the first half of 
2020 
page 17 
(c) 
the balance sheet of the Issuer at 30 June 2020 
page 18 
(d) 
the cash flow statement of the Issuer for the first half of 2020 
page 19 
(e) 
statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 1 
January 2019 and 30 June 2020 
page 20

--- Page 94 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
94 
(f) 
the notes to the consolidated interim financial statements of 
30 June 2020 (including a summary of significant accounting 
policies applied by the Issuer, notes to the profit and loss 
account, segment information, notes to the balance sheet, 
commitments given or received and additional information) 
pages 21-90 
(g) 
report of the accredited statutory auditor 
pages 91-93 
 
The articles of association of the Issuer dated 18 December 2019, available on the website of 
the Issuer https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com. 
 
The corporate governance charter of the Issuer dated 8 October 2020, available on the website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/about-
us/corporate-governance-charter---eng.pdf. 
 
Pillar 3 disclosure for the year 2019, available on the website of the Issuer 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/financial-reports. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, on its website 
(www.bnpparibasfortis.com) and the website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com). 
The documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may contain further references or 
hyperlinks to other documents or websites. Such further references or hyperlinks are not incorporated 
by reference and do not form part of this Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA. In case there is only reference to certain parts of a document in the above mentioned 
documents, the non-incorporated parts, to the extent they are not explained elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus, are not relevant for investors. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer will, in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and which arises or is noted between the time when the prospectus is approved and the 
closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs 
later, or any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or 
the issue of any Mortgage Pandbrieven, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
to be listed and admitted to trading on an EU Regulated Market. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, in connection with the listing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on Euronext Brussels, so long 
as any Mortgage Pandbrief remains outstanding and listed on such exchange, in the event of any 
material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer which is not reflected in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer will prepare a further supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed on 
Euronext Brussels or another market. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 95 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
95 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus shall no longer apply after the expiry of the validity 
period of this Base Prospectus as specified on the front cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
96 
 
SECTION 8 – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven, subject as set out 
herein. The applicable terms of any Mortgage Pandbrieven will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and will be set out in the Conditions 
of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may also 
issue from time to time Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme which shall be subject to terms 
and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus. In such circumstances, the 
relevant forms of terms of such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for issuing Mortgage Pandbrieven in an 
aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all 
Mortgage Pandbrieven previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed 
EUR 20,000,000,000, subject to increase as described herein.

--- Page 97 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
97 
 
SECTION 9 – FORM OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
1. 
FORM 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be issued in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) or in registered form (Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by 
a registrar on behalf of the Issuer (the Registrar) in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the 
Belgian Company Code. 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance 
with Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code.  
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be represented by a book entry in the records 
of the clearing system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the NBB) or any successor 
thereto (the Securities Settlement System). The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven can be 
held by their holders through the participants in the Securities Settlement System, including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt S.A., Germany 
(Clearstream, Germany), SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland (SIX SIS, Switzerland), Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., Italy (Monte Titoli, Italy), InterBolsa S.A., Portugal (InterBolsa, Portugal) and any 
other national or international NBB investors central securities depository (NBB investor 
(I)CSDs) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven through Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other 
participants in the Securities Settlement System.  
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be accepted for clearance (settlement) through 
the Securities Settlement System and will accordingly be subject to the Securities Settlement 
System Regulations. Holders of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are entitled to exercise 
the rights they have, including exercising their voting rights and other associative rights (as 
defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Company Code) against the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and without prejudice to the powers of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, 
Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or any other participant duly licensed in Belgium 
to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing their position in the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven (or the position held by the financial institution through which their 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are held with the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or 
such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also 
be required). References to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, 
SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and/or any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent. 
The Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper 
performance by the Securities Settlement System or its Participants of their obligations under 
their respective rules and operating procedures.

--- Page 98 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
98 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not 
be exchanged for Mortgage Pandbrieven in bearer form. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
not be exchanged for Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
2. 
TITLE AND TRANSFER 
Title to and transfer of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be evidenced only by records 
maintained by the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or 
other Securities Settlement System participants and in accordance with the applicable rules and 
procedures for the time being of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB 
investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants, as the case may be.  
Title to and transfer of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall pass by registration of the 
transfer by the Issuer or by the Registrar in a register in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of 
the Belgian Company Code.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
3. 
PAYMENTS  
All payments of principal or interest owing under the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
shall be made through the Domiciliary Agent and the Securities Settlement System in 
accordance with the Settlement System Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement. The 
Issuer will validly discharge its payment obligations towards the Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders by payment to the Securities Settlement System through the intervention 
of the Domiciliary Agent. 
The Securities Settlement System will not be involved in the payment of interest or principal 
payable on or in respect of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven expressed in any currency 
other than Euro. Such amounts will be settled outside the Securities Settlement System and paid 
through the intervention of the Domiciliary Agent or the Paying Agents as appointed from time 
to time under the Agency Agreement to participants holding positions in the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven via Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte 
Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs. Payments of principal 
and interest in respect of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be paid to the person shown 
on the register of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven at the close of business on the 15th 
calendar day before the due date for payment thereof.

--- Page 99 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
99 
 
SECTION 10 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
The following are the Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven which, as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, will 
apply to the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
following Conditions, replace or modify the following Conditions for the purpose of such particular 
Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, in the case of any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are neither to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered to the public 
in an EEA State in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation (Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
The Issuer may also issue from time to time Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme which shall 
be subject to terms and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus, in the 
case of any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are neither to be listed or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area nor offered to the public in an EEA State in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. In such circumstances, 
the relevant forms of terms of such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in a schedule to the Agency 
Agreement. 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (BNP Paribas Fortis or the Issuer) has established a Retained Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of Belgian pandbrieven/lettres de gage 
governed by the Law of 3 August 2012 on the legal framework of Belgian covered bonds (Wet van 3 
augustus 2012 tot invoering van een wettetijke regeling voor Belgische covered bonds/Loi du 3 août 
2012 instaurant un régime légal pour les covered bonds belges) (as implemented in Annex III of the 
Banking Law) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented (hereinafter the Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Programme are intended to be issued to (i) BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or (ii) any entity of 
the BNP Paribas Group. This Programme is to be distinguished from and is created in addition to the 
Non-Retained Programme . 
The National Bank of Belgium (Nationale Bank van België/Banque Nationale de Belgique) (the NBB 
or the Competent Authority) has admitted the Issuer to the list of credit institutions that have obtained 
the authorisation to issue Belgian Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 80, §1 of the Banking Law on 9 
February 2016. The Programme has been admitted by the NBB to the list of authorised programmes for 
issue of Belgian covered bonds pursuant to Article 80, §2 of the Banking Law. Upon so being notified 
by the Issuer, the NBB shall regularly update such list with the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the 
Programme and shall indicate that the Mortgage Pandbrieven constitute Belgian pandbrieven/lettres de 
gage under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
As used herein, Tranche means Mortgage Pandbrieven which are identical in all respects (including as 
to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven together with 
any further Tranche or Tranches of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are (a) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Each Tranche is the subject of Final Terms which complete these Conditions.  
All subsequent references in these Conditions to Mortgage Pandbrieven are, unless the context 
otherwise requires, to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant Series.

--- Page 100 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
100 
The relationship between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Fortis as domiciliary agent, paying agent and 
listing agent (hereinafter the Domiciliary Agent, the Paying Agent and the Listing Agent which 
expression includes any successor agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven), any entity from time to time appointed as registrar (hereinafter the Registrar, which 
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven) and the other paying agents appointed from time to time under the agency 
agreement (together with the Domiciliary Agent, the Paying Agent, the Listing Agent and the Registrar, 
the Agents, which expression includes any successor agent appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Mortgage Pandbrieven) is determined in accordance with an agency agreement to be made 
between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Fortis and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (such 
agency agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated on or about the date hereof. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative acts as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders within the meaning of article 1, 4° of Annex III to the Banking Law in accordance with the 
provisions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement (such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement) dated on or about the date 
hereof and made between the Issuer and Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven 
Representative as representative (in such capacity, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, which expression shall include any successor Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative) and with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
The Cover Pool Monitor has been appointed as cover pool monitor in relation to the Special Estate (as 
defined below) pursuant to Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and the Belgian Covered 
Bond Regulations and pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
Pursuant to a special estate administration agreement to be entered into between the Issuer, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and the Cover Pool Monitor (such special estate 
administration agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Special Estate Administration Agreement) dated on or about the date hereof, all Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme shall be subject to and have the benefit of certain common 
terms (the Special Estate Administration Terms) regardless of whether the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are issued under the Base Prospectus or not. 
The relationship between the Issuer and the NBB as operator of the Securities Settlement System (as 
hereinafter defined) in relation to the clearing of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven is governed 
by a clearing services agreement (such clearing services agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Clearing Services Agreement) entered into between the Issuer, 
the Domiciliary Agent and the NBB. 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into interest rate swap agreements, 
currency swap agreements and other relevant swap or hedging agreements (together the Hedging 
Agreements) with one or more hedging counterparties (the Hedging Counterparties) for the purpose 
of, inter alia, protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, interest rate, currency 
exchange, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets (as defined below) and/or the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into liquidity facility agreements (the 
Liquidity Facility Agreements) in relation to the Special Estate with one or more liquidity facility 
providers (the Liquidity Facility Providers) in order to improve the liquidity of the Special Estate. 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 101 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
101 
(b) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement; 
(c) 
the Programme Agreement;  
(d) 
the Special Estate Administration Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Clearing Services Agreement. 
The Agency Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the Programme 
Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement, the Special Estate 
Administration Agreement, any Subscription Agreement, each of the Final Terms, any Hedging 
Agreement, any Liquidity Facility Agreement, any Calculation Agency Agreement and any additional 
document entered into in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or the Special Estate and designated 
as a Programme Document by the Issuer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, are 
together referred to as the Programme Documents. 
Copies of the Programme Documents are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at the Specified Office of the Domiciliary Agent and copies may be 
obtained from those offices save that, if the relevant Registered Mortgage Pandbrief is an Exempt 
Mortgage Pandbrief, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holder holding one or more Mortgage Pandbrieven and such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent as to its holding of such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and identity. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms that are 
applicable to them. By subscribing for or otherwise acquiring the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders will also be deemed to have knowledge of, accept and be bound by all the 
provisions of, the other Programme Documents. 
1. INTERPRETATION  
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings 
85% Asset Coverage Test means the requirement set out in the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations that the Asset Coverage Percentage must be at least 85% at all times. 
Accrual Yield has, in relation to a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, the meaning given in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Asset Coverage Percentage means the proportion, expressed as a percentage, that the 
aggregate value of the Residential Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets in the Special 
Estate and determined in accordance with the valuation rules set out in the Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree bears to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
Banking Law means the law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision on credit 
institutions and stockbroking firms (Wet op het statuut van en het toezicht op de 
kredietinstellingen en beursvennootschappen/Loi relative au statut et au contrôle des 
établissements de crédit et des sociétés de bourse) as subsequently amended and/or 
supplemented and/or re-enacted. 
Base Prospectus means the base prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 1 December 
2020, as amended/supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 102 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
102 
Belgian Company Code means the Belgian Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des sociétés et des associations. 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations means the Banking Law, the Mobilisation Law, the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree, the NBB Covered 
Bonds Regulation, the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation and any other law, royal decree, 
regulation or order that may be passed or taken in relation to Belgian covered bonds. 
Business Day means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which the NBB Securities Settlement System 
is operating;  
(b) 
a day on which banks and forex markets are open for general business in Belgium; and 
(c) 
(if a payment in euro is to be made on that day), a day which is a business day for the 
TARGET2 System. 
Calculation Agency Agreement means any calculation agency agreement that may be entered 
into by the Issuer with a third party in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Calculation Agent means the Issuer or any other calculation agent appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to a Calculation Agency Agreement, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cover Assets means Residential Mortgage Loans and any other loans, securities, accounts, 
contracts or other assets which comply with the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations and that are registered in the Cover Register, and all other assets listed in Article 
80, § 3, 2° to the Banking Law that are included in the Special Estate pursuant to Article 3, §2 
of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Cover Asset Adequacy Test means the requirement set out in Article 5 of the Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree that, with respect to the Special Estate, the sum of interest principal and all other 
revenues generated by the Cover Assets must be sufficient to cover the sum of all interest, 
principal and charges linked to the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Cover Pool Administrator means any person or persons appointed (and any additional or 
replacement person or persons appointed or substituted) as a cover pool administrator 
(portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) by the NBB pursuant to Article 8 of Annex 
III to the Banking Law. 
Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree means the Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the 
cover pool administrator in the context of the issue of Belgian covered bonds by a Belgian credit 
institution (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 oktober 2012 betreffende de portefeuillebeheerder in het 
kader van de uitgifte van Belgische covered bonds door kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch 
recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 relatif au gestionnaire de portefeuille dans le cadre de 
l’émission de covered bonds belges par un établissement de crédit de droit belge) as 
subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-issued. 
Cover Pool Creditors means the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors. 
Cover Pool Monitor means a cover pool monitor (portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de 
portefeuille) appointed in accordance with Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and 
its representative (as approved by the NBB in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations).

--- Page 103 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
103 
Cover Register means the cover register established by the Issuer for the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme in accordance with Article 15 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law. 
Cover Tests means the Cover Asset Adequacy Test, the 85% Asset Coverage Test and the 
Over-Collateralisation Test. 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree means the Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the issue of 
Belgian covered bonds by Belgian credit institutions (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 oktober 2012 
betreffende de uitgifte van Belgische covered bonds door kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch 
recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 relatif a l'émission de covered bonds belges par des 
établissements de crédit de droit belge) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or 
re-issued. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(b) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
If Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if 30/360,360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 104 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
104 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D2 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
 Day Count Fraction =   
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless 
(x) that day is the last day of February or (y) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 105 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
105 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (x) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (y) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1. 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Determination Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
Early Redemption Amount means the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.4 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
ECB Eligible means debt claims (other than those of the Issuer or any of its group companies) 
that are, at the relevant time, included on the list of assets eligible to be used as collateral for 
monetary policy operations published by the European Central Bank on its website. 
Eligible Investor means a person who is entitled to hold securities through a so-called "X-
account" (being an account exempted from withholding tax) in a settlement system in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the collection and 
refund of withholding tax (as amended or replaced from time to time). 
Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty, as amended. 
Event of Default has the meaning given in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default). 
Excess Swap Collateral means an amount equal to the value of any collateral transferred to 
the Issuer by a Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement: (A) in respect of which the 
terms of such Hedging Agreement do not, at the relevant time, provide for such collateral to be 
applied in satisfaction of the Hedging Counterparty’s obligations to the Issuer; or (B) that is in 
excess of the Hedging Counterparty's liability to the Issuer thereunder (i) as at the termination 
date of the transaction entered into under such Hedging Agreement or (ii) as at any other date 
of valuation in accordance with the terms of the Hedging Agreement. 
Exempt Investor has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Tax gross-up). 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules. 
Final Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual

--- Page 106 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
106 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; 
(ii) 
in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(C) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(D) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(E) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 
(F) 
if 30/360,360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
 
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 107 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
107 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D2 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
 
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(H) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
 
 
Where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1, will be 30; 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
 Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 108 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
108 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(I) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1 
General Estate means the assets of the Issuer that at such time do not form part of a special 
estate(s) of the Issuer constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the relevant 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will accrue interest. 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Period means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the period from 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date. 
Interest Period End Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Junior Liquidity Amount means any amount, including any costs, charges, liabilities and 
expenses, due and payable to a Liquidity Provider which under the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Agreement are expressed to rank junior to interest and principal due to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and any other party ranking senior in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
Liquidity Test means the requirement set out in the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations that 
the Cover Assets must, at any time, be able to generate sufficient liquidity or include enough 
liquid assets to enable the Issuer to make all unconditional payments on the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (including principal, interest and other costs) falling due during the following six 
months. If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, payments of amounts of principal due on the Maturity Date in respect 
of such Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will not be considered as unconditional for the purpose 
of the Liquidity Test. 
Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate of Interest means, in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Rate of Interest (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Meeting Rules has the meaning assigned to it in Condition 13 (Meeting Rules of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders). 
Minimum Rate of Interest means, in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Rate of Interest (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mobilisation Law means the Law of 3 August 2012 on various measures to facilitate the 
mobilisation of receivables in the financial sector (Wet van 3 augustus 2012 betreffende diverse 
maatregelen ter vergemakkelijking van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële

--- Page 109 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
109 
sector/Loi du 3 août 2012 relative à des mesures diverses pour faciliter la mobilisation de 
créances dans le secteur financier) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-
enacted. 
Moody’s means Moody’s France SAS. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or Holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven means the persons in 
whose name a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief is registered or, as the case may be, the holders 
from time to time of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven as determined by reference to the 
records of the relevant clearing systems or financial intermediaries and the affidavits referred 
to in Condition 2 (Type, Form, Denomination and Title). 
NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation means the Regulation of the NBB addressed to the 
cover pool monitors of Belgian credit institutions that issue Belgian covered bonds dated 29 
October 2012 (Circulaire aan de portefeuille surveillanten van kredietinstellingen naar 
Belgisch recht die Belgische covered bonds uitgeven/Circulaire aux surveillants de portefeuille 
auprès d'établissements de crédit de droit belge qui émettent des covered bonds belges) as 
subsequently amended and/or supplemented and/or re-issued. 
NBB Covered Bonds Regulation means the Regulation of the NBB concerning the practical 
modalities for the application of the law of 3 August 2012 that establishes a legal regime for 
Belgian covered bonds dated 29 October 2012 (Circulaire over de praktische regels voor de 
toepassing van de wet van 3 augustus 2012 tot invoering van een wettelijke regeling voor 
Belgische covered bonds/Circulaire sur les modalités pratiques d'application de la loi du 3 août 
2012 instaurant un régime légal pour les covered bonds) as subsequently amended and/or 
supplemented and/or re-issued. 
Notice of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 8 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Operational Creditors means (1) any servicer appointed to service the Cover Assets, (2) any 
account bank appointed to hold accounts of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate, (3) any 
stock exchange on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed and/or admitted to trading, (4) 
any auditor, legal counsel and tax advisor of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate or the 
Programme, (5) any custodian of Cover Assets or assets in the Special Estate, (6) any rating 
agency appointed by the Issuer to rate the Programme or the Mortgage Pandbrieven, (7) any 
agent or party appointed in accordance with the Programme Documents, (8) any other creditor 
of amounts due in connection with the management or administration of the Special Estate, and 
(9) any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any services provided or any transaction entered 
into in connection with the Special Estate or the Programme, and notified to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative or as may from time to time be specified in the Conditions 
of any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
Ordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules. 
Other Cover Pool Creditors means the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, any 
Cover Pool Administrator, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Registrar, the Hedging 
Counterparties (if any), any Liquidity Facility Providers (if any) and any Operational Creditors. 
Over-Collateralisation Test means the requirement set out in the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations that the value of the Cover Assets determined in accordance with the valuation 
rules set out in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree must represent at least 105% of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of Mortgage Pandbrieven.

--- Page 110 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
110 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Mortgage Pandbrief, on any day, the 
principal amount of that Mortgage Pandbrief on the Issue Date thereof less principal amounts 
received by the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder in respect thereof on or prior to that day, 
provided that the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Mortgage Pandbrief that has 
been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer shall be zero. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules. 
Rate of Interest means, in the case of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven, the rate of 
interest payable from time to time as described in Condition 4 (Interest). 
Rating Agency means any rating agency (or its successor) who, at the request of the Issuer, 
assigns and for as long as it assigns, one or more ratings to the Mortgage Pandbrieven under 
the Programme from time to time, which may include Moody's and S&P. 
Record Date has the meaning given in Condition 5.1(b)) (Payments in relation to Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
Reference Banks means the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone 
interbank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Reference Price has, in respect of a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, the meaning given 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Related Security means all security interests and sureties, guarantees or privileges under 
whichever form that have been granted in relation to Cover Assets as well as rights under 
insurance policies and other contracts in relation to the Cover Assets or the management of the 
Special Estate. 
Relevant Screen Page has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Resolution means an Ordinary Resolution, an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme 
Resolution. 
Residential Mortgage Loans means loans that are secured by a mortgage on residential real 
estate as defined in article 2, 6° of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Screen Rate Determination means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven is to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven). 
Securities Settlement System has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
on any day, the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven comprised in that Series. 
Settlement System Regulations means Belgian clearing regulations, including the Belgian law 
of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees

--- Page 111 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
111 
of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of the Securities Settlement System and its 
annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time. 
Special Estate means the special estate (bijzonder vermogen/patrimoine spécial) of the Issuer 
constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law in relation to the Programme. 
Specified Currency means Euro or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Specified Office means 1000 Brussels, Montagne du Parc 3, Belgium, or such office as notified 
to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders by the Domiciliary Agent in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices). 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR. 
Statutory Tests means the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test. 
Subordinated Termination Payment means any termination payments due and payable to any 
Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement where such termination results from (a) an 
Additional Termination Event relating to the credit rating or credit worthiness of the Hedging 
Counterparty as specified in the schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement, (b) the 
bankruptcy of the relevant Hedging Counterparty, or (c) any default and/or failure to perform 
by such Hedging Counterparty under the relevant Hedging Agreement, other than, in the event 
of (a) or (b) above, the amount of any termination payment due and payable to such Hedging 
Counterparty in relation to the termination of such transaction to the extent of any premium 
received by the Issuer from a replacement hedging counterparty. 
Sub-unit with respect to Euro, means, one cent. 
Target2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto. 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
VAT means: 
(A) 
any tax chargeable under or pursuant to the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112) or any legislation 
implemented by any member state of the European Union by virtue of EC Directive 
2006/112; and 
(B) 
any other tax of a similar nature, whether chargeable in a member state of the European 
Union or elsewhere. 
Winding-up Proceedings means winding-up proceedings (liquidatieprocedures/procédures 
de liquidation) within the meaning of Article 3, 59° to the Banking Law. 
 
2. TYPE, FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1. Residential Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued as Belgian pandbrieven (belgische pandbrieven/lettres 
de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. The Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be covered in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations by the

--- Page 112 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
112 
same Special Estate of which the main asset category will consist of Residential Mortgage Loans, 
their Related Security and all monies derived therefrom from time to time in accordance with the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations  
2.2. Form 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with Article 7:35 
et seq. of the Belgian Company Code (Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven) or in registered 
form in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code (Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrieven). 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven will be registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by 
the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian Company 
Code. Holders of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven can obtain a certificate demonstrating the 
registration of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven in the register. 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with 
Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Company Code. The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
will be represented by a book entry in the records of the clearing system operated by the NBB or 
any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement System). The Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven can be held by their holders through the participants in the Securities Settlement 
System, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt S.A., 
Germany (Clearstream, Germany), SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland (SIX SIS, Switzerland), Monte 
Titoli S.p.A., Italy (Monte Titoly, Italy), InterBolsa S.A., Portugal (InterBolsa, Portugal) and 
any other national or international NBB investors central securities depository (NBB investor 
(I)CSDs) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven through Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte 
Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other participants in the 
Securities Settlement System. Payments of principal, interest and other sums due under the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be made in accordance with the rules of the Securities 
Settlement System through the NBB. Holders of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are entitled 
to exercise the rights they have, including exercising their voting rights and other associative rights 
(as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Company Code) against the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and without prejudice to the powers of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative, upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal, any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs or any other participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised 
securities accounts showing their position in the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (or the 
position held by the financial institution through which their Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are held with the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or such other participant, 
in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). 
References to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and/or any other NBB investor (I)CSDs shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent. 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be 
exchanged for Mortgage Pandbrieven in bearer form. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not 
be exchanged for Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
2.3. Title and transfer

--- Page 113 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
113 
a) 
Title 
Title to and transfer of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will be evidenced only by 
records maintained by the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, 
SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants and in accordance with the 
applicable rules and procedures for the time being of the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, 
Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System 
participants, as the case may be. 
Title to and transfer of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall pass by registration of the 
transfer by the Issuer or by the Registrar in a register in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. 
of the Belgian Company Code. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
b) 
Transfer 
(i) Transfer free of charge 
Transfer of Mortgage Pandbrieven on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and/or the Registrar, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require). 
(ii) Transfer documents and certificates 
Upon a sale or transfer of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, the seller thereof will be 
required to complete the relevant transfer documents and certificates which can be 
found at the website of the Issuer or can be obtained from the Registrar. 
(iii) Closed Period 
No Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder may require the transfer of a Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief to be registered (i) during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the due 
date for full redemption of that Registered Mortgage Pandbrief, (ii) after any such 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrief has been called for full redemption or (iii) during the 
period of 15 calendar days ending on (and including) the due date for payment of 
principal and/or interest in respect of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
2.4. Denomination  
The Covered Bond will be issued in such denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms (the Specified Denomination) 
with a minimum specified denomination of EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other relevant 
Specified Currency as at the date of issuance of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
All Mortgage Pandbrieven of the same Series will have the same Specified Denomination shown 
in the applicable Final Terms in relation to each Tranche comprising such Series. 
2.5. Fixed rate, Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven or Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven

--- Page 114 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
114 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Mortgage Pandbrieven are Fixed Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven or Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, or a combination of the foregoing, depending upon the interest basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Interest Basis). 
2.6. Issuer undertaking 
For so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, the Issuer will ensure that: 
(a) 
it will comply with the obligations applicable to it under the Belgian Covered Bond 
Regulations; 
(b) 
that the Special Estate will mainly consist of Residential Mortgage Loans and will not 
include (i) residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), (ii) asset backed securities 
(ABS) and (iii) mortgage loans other than Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(c) 
that the Special Estate will at all times include a number of liquid bonds (i) which have 
an aggregate market value which, after applying the ECB haircut in accordance with the 
Guideline of the ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem 
monetary policy (as may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time 
to time), is higher than the amount of interest due and payable on the outstanding 
Mortgage Pandbrieven within a period of three months meeting the criteria set out in 
paragraph 7 of the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation and (ii) which (1) are eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy purposes and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem, (2) have a credit quality step 1 as defined in the CRR, (3) are subject to 
a daily mark-to-market, (4) have a remaining maturity of more than three months and, 
(5) are not debt issued by the Issuer, and (6) are not residential mortgage backed securities 
(RMBS), commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) or any other asset backed 
securities (ABS) (the Undertaking of the Issuer with regard to Liquidity of the 
Special Estate); and 
(d) 
to provide an investor report (the Investor Report), containing information regarding, 
amongst others, the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the composition of the Special Estate, on 
a monthly basis, on the 15th Business Day of each calendar month (each an Investor 
Report Date), which will be made available on the website of the Issuer. 
 
3. STATUS OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued as Belgian pandbrieven (belgische pandbrieven/lettres 
de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations and will constitute 
direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will 
rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series, 
and at least pari passu with all other present and future outstanding unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. In addition, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be covered in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations by the Special Estate and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors will have an exclusive right of recourse to the Special Estate. 
 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1. Interest on Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven

--- Page 115 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
115 
Each Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4. Interest will accrue in respect of each Interest Period and will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s). 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to, in the case 
of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Principal Amount Outstanding or, in the case a 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrief, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief and, in either case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-unit, half of any such Sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
4.2. Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(a) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Date 
Each Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven bears interest at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest (determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b) (Rate of Interest)), from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date. Interest 
will accrue in respect of each Interest Period and will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s). The amount of interest payable shall be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(d) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be equal to the rate of interest determined in the following manner, but 
subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Issuer or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Issuer or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the ISDA Definitions), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the Eurozone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day of that Interest 
Period or (II) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
For the purposes of this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i), (1) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions and (2) Eurozone means the region comprising

--- Page 116 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
116 
the member states of the European Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from 
time to time. 
When this Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation Agent 
will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 4.2(d) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts) in respect of 
the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i). 
(ii) Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation appearing on the 
relevant Screen Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent 
(B) 
If the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, and 
(1) 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A)(1) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (A)(2) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question; 
(2) 
on any Interest Determination Date, 
- two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
- fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the offered quotation for deposits 
in Euro for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided

--- Page 117 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
117 
above) of the offered quotations for deposits in Euro for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Eurozone inter bank market, as the case may be, plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any); 
(3) 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations; and 
(4) 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Domiciliary Agent and the Issuer, as 
applicable, of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable 
after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Mortgage Pandbrieven for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to, in the case of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, the relevant 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding or, in the case a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief, 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Registered Mortgage Pandbrief and, in either 
case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest Sub-unit, half of any such Sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 118 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
118 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will promptly notify the Domiciliary Agent and the Issuer, as 
applicable, of each Interest Amount and the Domiciliary Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the other Agents and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven are for the time being listed (to the extent 
required by the rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Rate of Interest so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are for the time being listed (to the extent required by the rules applicable 
to the relevant stock exchange) and to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(f) 
Calculation Agent 
If for any reason at any relevant time after the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent defaults 
in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest and any Interest Amount in accordance 
with Conditions 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) or 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination) above, and in each case in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(d) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of 
Interest Amounts), the Issuer or upon the opening of Winding-up Proceedings against the 
Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator, if the Calculation Agent is not the Issuer or the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, if the Calculation Agent is the Issuer, 
may determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion having such 
regard as it may think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always 
to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may 
be, the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable, may calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it 
shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances but taking into account the 
provisions of the applicable Final Terms. In making any such determination or 
calculation, the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator or the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative, as applicable, may appoint and rely on a determination or 
calculation by a calculation agent (which shall be an investment bank or other suitable 
entity of international repute). If such determination or calculation is made, the Issuer, 
the Cover Pool Administrator or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as 
applicable, shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer, the Domiciliary 
Agent, the other Agents, the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable, and each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven are for the time being listed (to the extent required by the 
rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange), of such determination or calculation and 
each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Notifications to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven), whether by the Issuer

--- Page 119 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
119 
or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, gross negligence, fraud or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Domiciliary Agent, the other Agents and all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, as 
applicable, shall attach to the Issuer or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark replacement 
Without prejudice to the other provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply to the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer 
determining (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders) (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and (B) in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may still determine (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2(h); 
(iii) if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference 
Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h)); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith, determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith, determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer 
may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, 
but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business 
Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date, and/or the

--- Page 120 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
120 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and (B) the 
method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent and any other agents party to the Agency 
Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may 
be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 4.2(h). No 
consent shall be required from the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in connection 
with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps to be taken by the Agent and any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement (if required or useful); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice 
thereof to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. Such notice shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made 
to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions (if any), 
provided that the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) and any other related changes to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
shall be made in accordance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations (if applicable). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h) shall act in good faith as 
an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
4.2(h). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.2(h), the Reference 
Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply unless and until the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(h): 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets

--- Page 121 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
121 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(d) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
bonds denominated in the Specified Currency of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Issuer determines that there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate. 
Applicable Banking Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines 
and policies of the Relevant Regulator, or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect 
in Belgium, applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate stating that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease to publish the relevant 
Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the relevant 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
stating that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within 
the following six months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other agents party 
to the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders using the relevant Reference Rate. 
IA Determination Cut-Off Date means no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.

--- Page 122 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
122 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
Relevant Regulator means the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank or any 
successor or replacement entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer. 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to, or replacement of, 
the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.3. Accrual of Interest 
Each Mortgage Pandbrief (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Mortgage Pandbrief, 
that part only of such Mortgage Pandbrief) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for 
its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: (a) the date on which all amounts 
due in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrief have been paid; and (b) five (5) calendar days after 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Domiciliary 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
4.4. Interest on Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will, subject to Condition 4.5 (Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date), 
not bear periodic interest. When a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven becomes repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, it will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with Condition 6.4 (Early Redemption Amounts). In the case of late payment the 
amount due and repayable shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Late Payment 
for Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven). 
4.5. Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance 
with Condition 6.2 (Extension of Maturity Date): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven then outstanding shall bear interest from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
redeemed in full, subject to Condition 4.3 (Accrual of Interest). In that event, interest 
shall be payable on the Mortgage Pandbrieven at the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 4.5(b) below on each Mortgage Pandbrief then outstanding on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided

--- Page 123 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
123 
in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the 
Extended Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 4.5(a) above will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the 
Calculation Agent fourteen (14) calendar days after the Maturity Date in respect of the 
first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, for 
the purposes of this Condition 4.5(a), the principal amount outstanding of each Covered 
Bond shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date in 
respect of such Covered Bond less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with the Conditions. 
4.6. Business Day Conventions 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, or (ii) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, or (iii) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In the event of Mortgage Pandbrieven cleared through the Securities Settlement System, the 
Following Business Day Convention will always be applicable. 
5. 
PAYMENTS  
5.1. Method of payment 
(a) Payments in relation to Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Subject as provided below, all payments of principal or interest owing under the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be made through the Domiciliary Agent and the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with the Settlement System Regulations and the 
Clearing Services Agreement. 
Any payment of interest, principal or other sums payable on Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven expressed in any currency other than Euro will be settled outside the Securities 
Settlement System and paid by the Domiciliary Agent and paying agents (appointed from 
time to time under the Agency Agreement) via Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, 
Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs. 
(b) Payments in relation to Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be 
paid to the person shown on the register of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven at the close 
of business on the fifteenth calendar day before the due date for payment thereof (the Record 
Date). 
5.2. Payments subject to fiscal laws

--- Page 124 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
124 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (a) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Tax gross-
up) as applicable and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged by the Issuer or the Domiciliary Agent to the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in respect of such payments. 
5.3. Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrief is not a Payment 
Day (as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount 
due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
payment in respect of any delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject 
to Condition 10 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5.4. Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Tax gross-up) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement; 
(b) the Final Redemption Amount; 
(c) the Early Redemption Amount; and 
(d) in relation to Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined 
in Condition 6.4(c) (Early Redemption Amounts)) 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 7 (Tax gross-up) or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or 
in substitution therefore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1. Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2. Extension of Maturity Date

--- Page 125 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
125 
If the Issuer fails to redeem a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in full within fourteen (14) calendar 
days after their Maturity Date and provided that an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applying to such Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven then: 
(a) (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid principal amount by the Issuer shall be 
automatically deferred until the Extended Maturity Date and in such case the Final 
Redemption Amount will not be considered to have been due and payable on the Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid in whole or in part by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date, 
but will in any event have to be paid in full on the relevant Extended Maturity Date; 
(b) if following the extension of the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.2(a)), the 
Issuer has, in the same month, the obligation to pay principal on two or more Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, it will make payments in respect of the Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven where the Maturity Date has been extended prior to paying Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven where the Maturity Date has not been extended. If the Issuer fails to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrieven with a later Maturity 
Date, payments of unpaid amounts shall be deferred in accordance with Condition 6.2(a); 
(c) an extension of one Series shall not automatically result in an extension of any other Series 
(other than, for the avoidance of doubt, as provided for in Condition 6.2(b) above); 
(d) any payments which shall be subject to an extension in accordance with this Condition 6.2 
shall not be considered as unconditional for the purpose of Article 7, § 1 of the Covered 
Bonds Royal Decree; 
(e) the Issuer shall notify to the Cover Pool Monitor, the Rating Agency, any relevant Hedging 
Counterparty, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Domiciliary Agent 
and the Paying Agent and any relevant stock exchange as soon as reasonably practicable and 
in any event at least four (4) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the 
Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven within fourteen (14) calendar days after the Maturity Date. The Issuer shall give 
notice of the extension of the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders of such Series as soon as reasonably practicable. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties shall not affect the validity of 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party; 
(f) failure to pay in full by the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall not constitute an Event of 
Default. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Extended 
Maturity Date will constitute an Event of Default; 
(g) if the maturity of any Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 6.2, for so long as any of those Mortgage Pandbrieven 
remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Mortgage Pandbrieven, unless the 
proceeds of issuance of such further Mortgage Pandbrieven are applied by the Issuer on 
issuance in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance 
with the terms hereof; and 
(h) this Condition 6.2 shall only apply if the Issuer has insufficient funds available to redeem 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in full on the relevant Maturity Date (or within fourteen (14) calendar 
days thereafter). 
6.3. Redemption for taxation reasons

--- Page 126 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
126 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if the relevant Mortgage Pandbrief is not a Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrief) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if the relevant Mortgage Pandbrief is a Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrief), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Domiciliary 
Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and, in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Tax 
gross-up), as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven; and 
(b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 calendar days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts where a 
payment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Domiciliary Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer, stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 (Redemption for taxation 
reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.4 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of early redemption. 
6.4. Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.3 (Redemption for taxation reasons), Condition 6.5 (Illegality) 
and Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the Early Redemption Amount in respect 
of any Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be calculated as follows: 
(a) in the case of a Mortgage Pandbrief with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue 
Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) in the case of a Mortgage Pandbrief (other than a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief) with a 
Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
(c) in the case of a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief, at an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
Where:

--- Page 127 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
127 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Mortgage 
Pandbrief becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, provided 
that where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, it shall be made (i) in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven payable 
in a Specified Currency other than Euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 
12 months of 30 days each or (ii) in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
payable in Euro, on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, 
if any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days 
falling in a leap year dividied by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365) or (iii) other such redemption amount of a Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Pandbrieven as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.5. Illegality 
In the event that the Issuer determines that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or 
in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority 
or power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less than thirty (30) nor 
more than sixty (60) calendar days' notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant Series, each Mortgage Pandbrief being redeemed at the 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Domiciliary Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer, stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
6.6. Purchases 
The Issuer, any subsidiary, affiliate or holding company of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any other member of the BNP Paribas Group may at any time purchase or otherwise 
acquire Mortgage Pandbrieven at any price in the open market either by tender or private 
agreement or otherwise. 
Any Mortgage Pandbrieven acquired by the Issuer may be held, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, transferred to the Domiciliary Agent for cancellation. 
In accordance with Article 12, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, it is hereby specifically 
provided that the Issuer (or any other member of the BNP Paribas Group) holding Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be entitled to exercise all rights related to such Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
including all rights in respect of Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions (including the Meeting Rules).

--- Page 128 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
128 
6.7. Subscription to own Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Issuer may subscribe to its own Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Article 12, §1 of 
Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Any Mortgage Pandbrieven subscribed by the Issuer may be held, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, transferred to the Domiciliary Agent for cancellation. 
In accordance with Article 12, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, it is hereby specifically 
provided that the Issuer (or any other member of the BNP Paribas Group) holding Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be entitled to exercise all rights related to such Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
including all rights in respect of Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions (including the Meeting Rules). 
6.8. Late Payment for Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven upon redemption of 
such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.3 or 6.5 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld 
or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.4 (Early Redemption Amounts) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
have been paid; and 
(b) five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven has been received by the Domiciliary Agent and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
6.9. Removal of Cover Assets from the Cover Register  
For the avoidance of any doubt, upon the redemption of Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (or the cancellation of Mortgage Pandbrieven as referred to in Conditions 
6.7 and 6.8), the Issuer will be entitled to remove Cover Assets from the Cover Register provided 
that Cover Assets remaining in the Special Estate following such removal would ensure that the 
Issuer continues to satisfy the Statutory Test and the obligations under the Programme 
Documents.  
7. 
TAX GROSS-UP  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Belgium or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of such amounts 
after such withholding or deduction as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
(a) with respect to any payment in respect of any Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief:

--- Page 129 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
129 
(i) 
held by a holder of a Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief which is liable to Taxes 
in respect of such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such Taxes have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrief; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required to 
be made pursuant to FATCA; or 
(iii) held by a holder of a Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief who would have been 
able to avoid such withholding or deduction by arranging to receive the relevant 
payment through another paying agent of the Issuer in a member state of the 
European Union; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven is not an Eligible Investor (unless that 
person was an Eligible Investor at the time of its acquisition of the relevant 
Mortgage Pandbrief but has since ceased (as such term is defined from time to 
time under Belgian law) being an Eligible Investor by reason of a change in the 
Belgian tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation or application thereof or by 
reason of another change which was outside that person's control), or is an Eligible 
Investor but is not holding the relevant Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrief in an 
exempt securities account with a qualifying clearing system in accordance with 
the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions in certain securities and 
its implementation decrees; or 
(v) 
to a holder who is liable to such Taxes because the Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven were converted into registered Mortgage Pandbrieven upon his/her 
request and could no longer be cleared through the Securities Settlement System; 
or 
(vi) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; 
(b) with respect to any payment in respect of any Registered Mortgage Pandbrief: 
(i) 
held by a holder of a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief which is liable to Taxes in 
respect of such Mortgage Pandbrief by reason of its having some connection with 
the jurisdiction by which such Taxes have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required to 
be made pursuant to FATCA; or 
(iii) held by a holder of a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by arranging to receive the relevant payment 
through another paying agent of the Issuer in a member state of the European 
Union; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven is not to a holder who is an Exempt Investor (as 
defined below) (unless that person was an Exempt Investor at the time of its 
acquisition of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrief but has since ceased (as such term 
is defined from time to time under Belgian law) being an Exempt Investor by

--- Page 130 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
130 
reason of a change in the Belgian tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation or 
application thereof); or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed for reason of the holder of the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, at the time of the relevant interest payment, not 
benefitting from a full exemption from Belgian interest withholding tax due to the 
Issuer no longer qualifying as a financial institution as referred to in the Articles 
105, 1°, a) and 107, §2, 5°, b) of the Royal Decree implementing the Belgian 
Income Tax Code 1992; or 
(vi) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(vii) presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder of the Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrief would have been entitled to additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 calendar days; or 
(viii) which is issued as a Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven or any other Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrief which provides for the capitalisation of interest. 
As used in this Condition: 
Exempt Investor means a holder of a Registered Mortgage Pandbrief that, as of the relevant 
interest payment date, (i) is not resident for tax purposes in Belgium and does not use the income 
producing assets to exercise a business or professional activity in Belgium, (ii) has been the legal 
owner (eigenaar/proprietaire) or usufructuary (vruchtgebruiker/usufruitier) of the Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrief during the entire relevant interest period, (iii) has been registered with the 
Issuer as the holder of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrief during the entire relevant interest 
period, (iv) has provided the Issuer with an affidavit in which it is certified that the conditions 
mentioned in points (i) and (ii) are complied with, with respect to such interest payment on or 
before the date such affidavit is required to be delivered to the Issuer and (v) complies with any 
further requirement imposed by any successor provision to the current relevant Belgian tax 
provisions. 
Relevant Date in respect of any payment means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
8.1. 
Events of default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an Event of Default): 
(a) on the Extended Maturity Date (in respect of any Series in respect of which an Extended 
Maturity Date applies in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) or on the Maturity 
Date (in respect of any Series in respect of which an Extended Maturity Date does not 
apply) in respect of any Series, there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven on such date and such default is not remedied within a period of 
fourteen (14) calendar days from the due date thereof; or 
(b) on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount of interest due on 
any Series occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of fourteen (14) 
calendar days from the due date thereof;

--- Page 131 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
131 
then the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may and, if it has been so directed by 
a request in writing by the holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate of the Series Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding but excluding 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven held by the Issuer for the calculation of the percentage (with the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single Series) or if so directed by a 
Programme Resolution (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction), shall serve a notice (a Notice of Default) on the Issuer (copied to the Cover Pool 
Monitor, the NBB, the Rating Agency and, if appointed, the Cover Pool Administrator). 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, (i) no further Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
issued and (ii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven of each Series shall become immediately due and 
repayable on the date specified in the Notice of Default at the Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest thereon to the date of repayment. 
8.2. 
Enforcement  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may at any time after the occurrence of 
an Event of Default, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or any Programme Document. 
No Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to 
take any action with respect to the Programme Documents, the Mortgage Pandbrieven or the 
Cover Assets unless the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, having become 
bound so to proceed pursuant to a Resolution or a direction of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders in accordance with the Conditions, as applicable, fails so to do within a reasonable 
period, fourteen (14) Business Days being considered reasonable in this respect, and such 
failure shall be continuing. 
8.3. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Waiver  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders waive, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Article 1184 of the Belgian Civil 
Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or demand in legal proceedings the rescission 
(ontbinding/résolution) of, the Mortgage Pandbrieven and (ii) all their rights whatsoever in 
respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Company Code (right 
to rescind (ontbinding/résolution)). 
9. 
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS  
9.1. Priority of Payments 
Following (i) delivery of a Notice of Default or (ii) a decision by the Cover Pool Administrator 
to early redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex 
III to the Banking Law and as long as no Notice of Default has been delivered, all funds deriving 
from the Cover Assets or otherwise received or recovered by the Special Estate and subject to 
Condition 9.2 (Excess Cover Assets) (whether in the administration, liquidation of the Special 
Estate or otherwise) (other than amounts or financial instruments representing Excess Swap 
Collateral (if any), which amounts shall be applied in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Hedging Agreement(s)) shall be applied on any Business Day in accordance with the following 
order of priority of payments (the Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and to the extent 
that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) provided that any such amount that is 
due to be paid hereunder has not been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the 
Special Estate:

--- Page 132 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
132 
(a) first, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts then due and payable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
(including remuneration or amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under the provisions 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement or any other Programme 
Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the 
extent provided therein, (ii) to pay all amounts then due and payable to the Agents and/or the 
Registrar (if any) under the provisions of the Agency Agreement, any Calculation Agency 
Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest and applicable VAT 
(or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; (iii) to pay all amounts then 
due and payable to the Cover Pool Monitor under the provisions of the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest and applicable VAT 
(or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; (iv) upon its appointment in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, to pay all amounts then due to any 
Cover Pool Administrator (including any of its representatives or delegates) pursuant to the 
conditions of its appointment together with interest and applicable VAT or other similar taxes 
and any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Special Estate; and (v) to pay any 
amounts, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and taxes due and payable by the Issuer or 
the Special Estate to the Operational Creditors; 
(b) second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts of interest and principal then due and payable on any Mortgage Pandbrieven, (ii) 
any amounts due and payable under any Hedging Agreement other than the Subordinated 
Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements, 
and (iii) to pay all amounts due and payable under any Liquidity Facility Agreement to any 
Liquidity Facility Provider (other than any Junior Liquidity Amounts); 
(c) third, pari passu and pro rata, (i) payment of any amount due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination Payment, and (ii) payment of 
any Junior Liquidity Amounts due and payable under any Liquidity Facility Agreement to 
any Liquidity Facility Provider; and 
(d) fourth, once all Mortgage Pandbrieven have been redeemed and following the payment in 
full of all items under (a) to (c) above, to pay any excess to the General Estate of the Issuer. 
9.2. Excess cover Assets  
Nothing in Condition 9.1 shall operate to prevent the Issuer, the Special Estate, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor or any Cover Pool Administrator 
from complying with any direction made in accordance with Article 11, 8˚ of Annex III to the 
Banking Law from the bankruptcy trustee of the General Estate of the Issuer to transfer to the 
General Estate of the Issuer such Cover Assets as the bankruptcy trustee of the General Estate of 
the Issuer has determined, after consultation with the NBB (taking into account the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations and, as the case may be, the rating assigned to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven), to be no longer required to form part of the Special Estate. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION  
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten 
years or, in the case of interest, five years after their due date, unless application to a court of law 
for such payment has been initiated on or before such respective time. The due date for Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of which the Maturity Date has been extended shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
11. 
AGENTS

--- Page 133 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
133 
(a) In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
the Calculation Agent, the Domiciliary Agent, any (Principal) Paying Agent, the Listing 
Agent and the Registar (the Agents) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders. 
(b) The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
and to appoint a successor Agent provided, however, that: 
(i) the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Domiciliary Agent and a Principal Paying Agent 
(which may be the same entity) which will at all times be a participant in the Securities 
Settlement System; 
(ii) so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Domiciliary Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority (which, 
so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on Euronext Brussels, shall be Brussels); 
(iii) so long as there are Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Registrar for the relevant Series of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (which may be 
the Issuer itself); and 
(iv) in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent for the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (which may be 
the Issuer itself). 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents, the Registrar or the Calculation Agent or in their 
specified offices shall promptly be given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). 
12. 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN PROVISIONS  
12.1. Criteria for the transfer of assets by the General Estate to the Special Estate 
In accordance with Article 3, §2, 2d indent of Annex III to the Banking Law, the following criteria 
shall be applied in circumstances where amounts must be transferred to the Special Estate but 
cannot be identified within the General Estate of the Issuer. In such circumstances, the General 
Estate shall transfer to the Special Estate (in consultation between the Cover Pool Administrator 
and the bankruptcy trustee of the Issuer), instead of the relevant amounts, the following 
unencumbered assets available within the General Estate in an equal amount determined in the 
following order of priority: 
(a) first, credit quality step 1 bonds that are ECB eligible and/or level 1 assets as described in the 
liquidity risk framework calculation of the liquidity coverage ratio (as implemented through 
the CRR); 
(b) failing which, credit quality step 2 bonds that are ECB eligible and/or level 2 assets as 
described in the liquidity risk framework calculation of the liquidity coverage ratio (as 
implemented through CRR); 
(c) failing which, bonds other than (a) or (b) above that are ECB eligible; 
(d) failing which, bonds other than (a), (b) or (c) above; 
(e) failing which, public sector exposure other than (a), (b), (c) or (d);

--- Page 134 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
134 
(f) failing which, residential mortgage loans; and 
(g) failing any of the above, such assets as the Cover Pool Administrator in the name and for the 
account of the Special Estate may select in its sole discretion. 
12.2. Use of swap collateral  
Any collateral provided to the Issuer in the context of a Hedging Agreement that constitutes a 
Cover Asset, may only be used in order to satisfy the obligations that relate to the Special Estate 
and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Hedging Agreement. 
12.3. Priority Rules regarding security interest securing both Cover Assets and assets in the 
General Estate 
If a security interest (including any mortgages or mortgage mandates) secures claims of both the 
Special Estate and the General Estate of the Issuer, proceeds from the enforcement of any such 
security interest shall be applied in priority to satisfy the obligations due in respect of the Cover 
Assets shown in the Cover Register as comprising part of the Special Estate. Only upon 
satisfaction in full of the relevant claims of the Cover Assets shown in the Cover Register as 
comprising part of the Special Estate shall any of the proceeds be applied against the claims of 
the General Estate which are also secured by such security interest.  
12.4. Priority Rules regarding security interests securing both Cover Assets and cover assets of 
other special estate(s)  
If a security interest (including any mortgages and mortgage mandates) secures both Cover 
Assets and cover assets of other special estate(s) of the Issuer, proceeds from the enforcement of 
any such security interest shall be applied pari passu and pro rata to satisfy the obligations in 
relation to the different special estates of the Issuer. 
13. 
MEETING RULES 
The Meeting Rules of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders (the Meeting Rules) are attached to, and 
form an integral part of, these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the Meeting Rules 
include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained 
therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
The Articles 7:161 to 7:176 of the Belgian Company Code relating to Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ meetings shall only apply to the extent that (i) the Conditions (including the Meeting 
Rules) and (ii) the articles of association of the Issuer, do not contain provisions which differ 
from the provisions contained in such articles. 
14. 
THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has been appointed by the Issuer as 
representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex 
III to the Banking Law upon the terms and conditions set out in the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders Representative Agreement and herein. 
As long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, there shall at all times be a representative 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law, which has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by these Conditions, the 
Meeting Rules, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations in order to protect the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
By reason of holding Mortgage Pandbrieven, each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder:

--- Page 135 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
135 
(a) recognises the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as its representative and (to 
the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from 
time to time by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in such capacity as if 
such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder was a signatory thereto; and 
(b) acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in respect 
of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders as a result of the performance by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under these Conditions 
(including the Meeting Rules). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may also be appointed to represent Other 
Cover Pool Creditors provided that such Other Cover Pool Creditors agree with such 
representation. 
15. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, as regards the powers, authorities and 
discretions vested in it, except where expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the overall 
interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series taken together and of the Other Cover 
Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative provided that if, in the opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, there is a conflict between the interests the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and 
those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative will have 
regard solely to the interest of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or such Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS 
16.1. Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
The Meeting Rules contain provisions for convening meetings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders of each Series to consider matters relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of the Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt any such 
modification or waiver shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer or, upon the opening of 
Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf of the 
Special Estate, except as provided otherwise in the Meeting Rules. 
All meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders will be held in accordance with the Meeting 
Rules. The Articles 7:161 to 7:173 of the Belgian Company Code relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ meetings shall only apply to the extent that (i) the Conditions (including 
the Meeting Rules) and (ii) the articles of association of the Issuer do not contain provisions 
which differ from the provisions contained in such articles. 
16.2. Written Resolution 
Except in relation to a Programme Resolution to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed 
with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law, a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of holders of 50% or more of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a 
Programme Resolution. A resolution in writing to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed 
with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law signed by or on behalf

--- Page 136 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
136 
of holders of 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a Programme 
Resolution. A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of two thirds of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding shall 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A written resolution signed by the holders of 50% or 
more of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. Such resolutions 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
17. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS AND WAIVERS 
Amendments to and waivers of the Conditions shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Rules. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, subject to Condition 6.2 (Extension of Maturity Date) and in 
accordance with the Statutory Tests, without the consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, 
create and issue further Mortgage Pandbrieven having either: (i) the same terms and conditions 
as the Mortgage Pandbrieven in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest thereon, issue date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven; or (ii) different terms from any existing Mortgage Pandbrieven, where Mortgage 
Pandbrieven shall constitute a new Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
19. 
NOTICES  
Notices to be given by any holder of Mortgage Pandbrieven (including notices to convene a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders) shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
with the Domiciliary Agent and the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. Notices to 
be given to the holders of Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (including notices to convene a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders) shall be deemed to have been duly given to the 
relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders if sent to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any 
other NBB investor (I)CSDs for communication by them to the holders of the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and shall be deemed to be given on the date on which it was so sent. 
All notices to holders of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (including notices to convene a 
meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders) will be mailed by regular post, by fax or by e-mail 
to the holders at their respective addresses or fax numbers appearing in the register of Registered 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If sent by post, notices will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. If sent by fax, notices will be deemed 
to have been given upon receipt of a confirmation of the transmission. If sent by e-mail, when 
the relevant receipt of such communication being read is given, or where no read receipt is 
requested, by the sender at the time of sending provided that no delivery failure notification is 
received by the sender within 24 hours of sending the communication. 
So long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority and if the rules of the exchange so require, any notice shall also be 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant 
authority.

--- Page 137 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
137 
No notifications in any such form will be required for convening meetings of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders if all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders have been identified and have been 
given an appropriate notice by registered mail. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall be at liberty 
to approve any other method of giving notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders if, in its opinion, 
such other method is reasonable having regard to the then-prevailing market practice and rules 
of the competent authority, stock exchange, clearing system or, as the case may be, quotation 
system on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are then listed or admitted to trading. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven and all matters arising from or connected with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, arising 
from or connected with the Mortgage Pandbrieven (including any disputes relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Mortgage Pandbrieven).

--- Page 138 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
138 
 
SECTION 11 – MEETING RULES OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS 
PART 1 – GENERAL PROVISIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
1. GENERAL PROVISIONS  
1.1. Each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder is a member of the meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders held in accordance with these meeting rules (the Meeting Rules). The Articles 7:161 to 
7:173 of the Belgian Company Code shall only apply to the extent that (1) the Conditions 
(including these Meeting Rules) or (2) the articles of association of the Issuer do not contain 
provisions which differ from the provisions contained in such articles. 
1.2. The Meeting Rules, which are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of each Series issued by the Issuer under the Programme, aim to co-ordinate the 
exercise of the rights of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and, more generally, to protect the 
interest of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. To this end: 
(a) Part 2 of these Meeting Rules contains provisions applicable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative; and 
(b) Part 3 of these Meeting Rules contains the rules that apply in particular to the meeting of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
1.3. The Meeting Rules shall remain in full force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of whatever Series. 
2. INTERPRETATION  
2.1. Definitions 
Unless otherwise defined in these Meeting Rules or unless the context otherwise requires, in these 
Meeting Rules the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Basic Term Change 
means a change to any of the matters referred to under Clauses 
13.2(f) to 13.2(i) (inclusive) of the Meeting Rules;  
Block Voting Instruction 
means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with Clause 8.3.(c) of 
the Meeting Rules; 
Conditions 
means the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of 
the relevant Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer; 
Extraordinary Resolution 
means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Meeting Rules by a majority of at least two 
thirds of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven for which votes have been 
cast; 
Ordinary Resolution 
means any resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Meeting Rules by a simple majority of at 
least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven for which 
votes have been cast plus one vote;

--- Page 139 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
139 
Programme Resolution 
means any resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Meeting Rules by a simple majority of at 
least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series under the 
Programme for which votes have been cast plus one vote, with the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single 
Series; 
Recognised Accountholder 
means, in relation to one or more Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, 
the 
recognised 
accountholder 
(erkende 
rekeninghouder/teneur de compte agréé) within the meaning of 
Article 7:35 of the Belgian Company Code with which a Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holder holds such Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven on a securities account; 
Resolution 
means an Ordinary Resolution, an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
Programme Resolution; 
Voting Certificate 
means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with Clause 8.3. (b) 
of the Meeting Rules. 
Any other capitalized terms used in the Meeting Rules and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the 
meaning and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions. 
2.2. Interpretation 
All references in the Meeting Rules to: 
(a) Mortgage Pandbrieven are, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of the relevant Series; 
(b) a Clause shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a reference to a Clause 
of the Meeting Rules; and 
(c) a Meeting references to a meeting of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of a single Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven (except in case of a meeting to pass a Programme Resolution, in 
which case the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series are taken together as a single Series) and 
includes, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment.

--- Page 140 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
140 
 
PART 2 – MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
 
3. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL  
3.1. Appointment  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has been appointed by the Issuer as Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with 
Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law upon the terms and conditions set out in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and herein. 
As long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, there shall at all times be a Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with 
Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative protects the interests of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and hereto has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Conditions, the Meeting Rules, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and 
the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. In connection with the exercise of its functions (including 
but not limited to those referred to in these Meeting Rules) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall have regard to the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders under the 
Programme and Other Cover Pool Creditors (in accordance with Clause 4.3), and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders. 
By reason of holding Mortgage Pandbrieven, each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder: 
(a) recognises the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as its Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any 
agreement entered into from time to time by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in such capacity as if such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder were a signatory 
thereto; 
(b) acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in respect 
of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders as a result of the performance by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the Conditions; and 
(c) agrees that the Issuer, as agreed in the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, shall pay to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative a remuneration 
for its services as Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
3.2. Retirement and removal 
3.2.1. Conditions for Removal 
As long as Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall not retire and may only be removed from its duties under the Mortgage

--- Page 141 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
141 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the Meeting Rules or any other 
Programme Document by means of a Programme Resolution: 
(a) if any of the following events occurs, namely: 
(i) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the dissolution 
(ontbinding / dissolution) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative except a dissolution (ontbinding / dissolution) for the purpose 
of a merger where the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
remains solvent; or 
(ii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on its business or a substantial part of its business or stops 
payment or threatens to stop payment of its debts or becomes unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due or the value of its assets falls to less than the amount 
of its liabilities (taking into account for both these purposes its contingent and 
prospective liabilities) or otherwise becomes insolvent; or 
(iii) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative defaults in the 
performance or observance of any of its material covenants and obligations 
under the Conditions, Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement or any other Programme Document and (except where such 
default is incapable of remedy, when no such continuation and/or notice shall 
be required) such default continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) 
Business Days after the earlier of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative becoming aware of such default and receipt by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of written notice from the Issuer 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iv) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative becomes subject to any 
bankruptcy (faillissement / faillite), judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke 
reorganisatie / réorganisation judiciaire), as applicable, or other insolvency 
procedure under applicable laws; or 
(v) the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is unable to perform its 
material obligations under the Conditions or the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders Representative Agreement for a period of twenty (20) Business Days 
by circumstances beyond its reasonable control or force majeure; 
(b) provided that:  
(i) in the same Programme Resolution a substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative is appointed; and 
(ii) such substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative meets all 
legal requirements to act as Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
and accepts to be bound by the terms of the Conditions, the Meeting Rules 
and the Programme Documents in the same way as its predecessor. 
3.2.2. Procedure  
(a) Termination  
Upon the Programme Resolution as provided for by Clause 3.2.1 (Conditions for 
Removal) the Issuer shall provide notice in writing to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative of the termination of the powers delegated to it under the

--- Page 142 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
142 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement and the Programme 
Documents. 
The termination of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement (1) 
shall take effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) specified in the 
notice and (2) shall also terminate the appointment and power of attorney by the Other 
Cover Pool Creditors. 
(b) Substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
The appointment of the substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in 
accordance with the Programme Resolution referred to in Clause 3.2.2(a) above shall 
become automatically effective upon the termination of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative becoming effective and at such time all rights and powers 
granted to the then acting Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall 
terminate and shall automatically be vested in the substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative. All references to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in the Programme Documents shall where and when appropriate be read 
as references to the substitute Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative as 
selected and upon vesting of rights and powers pursuant this Clause. 
3.3. Appointment of the Management Board of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s articles of association, the 
management board (bestuur) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall initially 
consist of one (1) member, being Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V.. 
Except as set forth in Clause 3.4 below, any other board member to the management board will 
be appointed by the management board or, if there are no more board members in office, one or 
more board members can be appointed by a Programme Resolution. 
3.4. Resignation and Removal of the Management Board of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s articles of association, 
membership of the management board shall end in the following cases: 
(a) by written resignation; 
(b) in case of a natural person, by death; 
(c) by bankruptcy, moratorium or if and when a debt application natural persons (schuldsanering 
natuurlijke personen) becomes applicable on a board member; 
(d) by placement under guardianship (ondercuratelestelling), as well as by a court order whereby 
as a result of his physical or mental condition an administrator is appointed over one or more 
of the goods of the board member concerned; 
(e) by dismissal ordered by the Court; 
(f) if the board consists of more than two members, by dismissal by board resolution adopted 
unanimously by all board members in position, the person involved excluded; 
(g) by dismissal by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Meeting; 
(h) in case of a legal person, by dissolution.

--- Page 143 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
143 
4. POWERS 
4.1. Powers 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, acting in its own name and on behalf of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders shall have the powers and authorities set forth in the Belgian 
Covered Bond Regulations, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the 
Conditions and in any of the Programme Documents to which it is a party and such powers 
incidental thereto, which it will exercise in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative 
Agreement, the Conditions and the Programme Documents. In particular, but without limitation, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, acting in its own name and on behalf of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders shall have the power: 
(a) to represent the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders as provided for in Article 14 of Annex III to 
the Banking Law; 
(b) to exercise all other powers and rights and perform all duties given to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative under the Conditions including the Meeting Rules, the 
Programme Documents and the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations; 
(c) upon service of a Notice of Default, to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the performance 
of the Programme Documents and the Conditions on behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it; 
(d) to collect all proceeds in the course of enforcing the rights of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it; 
(e) to apply or to direct the application of the proceeds of enforcement in accordance with the 
Conditions; and 
(f) generally, to do all things necessary in connection with the performance of such powers and 
duties. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may act in court and represent the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders or Other Cover Pool Creditors (provided such Other Cover Pool Creditors 
previously agreed with the representation in accordance with the provisions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement) in any bankruptcy or similar insolvency 
proceedings, without having to reveal the identity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or Other 
Cover Pool Creditors it represents. 
4.2. Delegation  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may delegate the performance of any of the 
powers listed in this Clause 4 (Powers) to any persons (including any legal entity) whom it may 
designate. 
Notwithstanding any sub-contracting or delegation of the performance of its obligations 
hereunder or under the Programme Documents or under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
Representative Agreement, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not thereby 
be released or discharged from any liability hereunder and shall remain responsible for the 
performance of the obligations of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative and shall 
be jointly and severally liable for the performance or non-performance or the manner of 
performance of any sub-contractor, agent or delegate and such sub-contracting or delegation shall 
not affect the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s obligations hereunder, under the 
Programme Documents to which it is a party or under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders

--- Page 144 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
144 
Representative Agreement. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, prior to 
such appointment, give notice to the Issuer of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, 
extension and termination of such appointment. 
4.3. Representation of Other Cover Pool Creditors 
4.3.1. Representation of Other Cover Pool Creditors 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may also be appointed to represent 
Other Cover Pool Creditors provided that such Other Cover Pool Creditors agree with 
such representation. 
In relation to any duties, obligations and responsibilities of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative to these Other Cover Pool Creditors in its capacity as agent of 
these Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
and these Other Cover Pool Creditors will agree and the Issuer will concur, that the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall discharge these duties, obligations 
and responsibilities by performing and observing its duties, obligations and 
responsibilities as representative of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance 
with the provisions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the 
Programme Documents and the Conditions including these Meeting Rules. 
4.3.2. Conflicts between Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and Other Cover Pool Creditors 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, as regards the powers, 
authorities and discretions vested in it, except where expressly provided otherwise, have 
regard to the interests of both the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of all Series and the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative but if, in the opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative, there is a conflict between the interests the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative will have regard solely to the interest of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders, but, for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the applicable 
priority of payments. 
5. INSTRUCTIONS AND INDEMNITY  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be bound to take any action under its 
powers or duties unless: 
(a) it shall have been directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with the Meeting Rules or, in relation to the service of a 
Notice of Default pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Events of Default), it shall have been (x) 
requested to do so by a request in writing by the holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then 
outstanding (but excluding the Mortgage Pandbrieven held by the Issuer for the calculation 
of the percentage) or (y) so directed by a Programme Resolution; and 
(b) it shall in all cases have been indemnified, prefunded or secured to its satisfaction against all 
liability, proceedings, claims and demands to which it may be or become liable and all costs, 
charges and expenses which may be incurred by it in connection therewith, save where these 
are due to its own gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
Whenever the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are or can be affected in the opinion 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative may – if indemnified, prefunded or secured to its satisfaction – take legal action on

--- Page 145 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
145 
behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and represent the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in 
any insolvency proceeding and any other legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer or any other 
party to a Programme Document. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative can under no circumstances, including the 
situation wherein Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ instruction or approval cannot be obtained for 
whatever reason, be required to act without it being remunerated and indemnified or secured to its 
satisfaction. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall be indemnified by the Issuer and held 
harmless, in respect of any and all liabilities and expenses incurred by it or by anyone appointed 
by it or to whom any of its functions may be delegated by it in carrying out its functions. 
6. REPORTING, LIABILITY, EXONERATION AND INDEMNIFICATION OF THE 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
6.1. Reporting 
If so requested in advance by the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall report to the Meeting on the performance of 
its duties under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, the Meeting Rules 
and the Programme Documents (the Report) provided such request is notified by registered mail 
no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Meeting. 
The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, shall require a Report if so instructed 
by those Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who have requested that such Meeting be convened. 
6.2. Liabilities and Exoneration  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement contains provisions governing the 
responsibility (and relief from responsibility) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative and providing for its indemnification in certain circumstances, including provisions 
relieving the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative from taking enforcement proceedings 
unless indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be liable to the Issuer or any of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders or the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it in respect of 
any loss or damage which arises out of the exercise, or the attempted exercise of, or the failure to 
exercise any of its powers or any loss resulting therefrom, except that the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall be liable for such loss or damage that is caused by its gross 
negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be responsible for any loss, expense 
or liability which may be suffered as a result of any assets comprised in the Cover Assets, or any 
deeds or documents of title thereto, being uninsured or inadequately insured or being held by or to 
the order of the Issuer or any agent or related company of the Issuer or by clearing organisations 
or their operators or by intermediaries such as banks, brokers or other similar persons. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall have no liability for any breach of or 
default under its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement 
if and to the extent that such breach is caused by any failure on the part of the Issuer or any of the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors (other than the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative) to 
duly perform any of their material obligations under any of the Programme Documents. In the 
event that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative is rendered unable to duly perform 
its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement by any

--- Page 146 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
146 
circumstances beyond its control (overmacht/force majeure), the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall not be liable for any failure to carry out its obligations under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement which are thus affected by the event in question 
and, for so long as such circumstances continue, its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders Representative Agreement which are thus affected will be suspended without liability for 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be responsible for monitoring the 
compliance by any of the other parties (including the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor) with their 
obligations under the Programme Documents. The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
may, until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, assume the Issuer and the 
Cover Pool Monitor are observing and performing all their obligations under any of the Programme 
Documents and in any notices or acknowledgements delivered in connection with any such 
Programme Documents. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be responsible for ensuring that the 
Issuer complies with the obligations applicable to it under the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations 
or that any asset is duly registered in the Cover Register and the Cover Register is duly maintained. 
Except if such meeting is convened by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative or the 
passing of a Written Resolution has been organised by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be liable for acting 
upon (i) any resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting 
in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or (ii) a direction of the requisite percentage 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. This limitation of liability will apply, even though subsequent 
to its acting it may be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the meeting or passing 
of the Written Resolution or the giving of such direction or that for any reason the resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any meeting or the giving of the 
direction was not valid or binding upon such Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, except if and to the 
extent any defect has arisen directly from the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative’s 
gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
6.3. Indemnity  
If the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has acted upon a resolution, Written 
Resolution or direction as referred to in 6.2 above, each Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder shall 
forthwith on demand indemnify the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative for its pro rata 
share in any liability, loss or expense incurred or expected to be incurred by the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in any way relating to or arising out of its acting as Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in respect of that resolution, Written Resolution or direction, 
except if and to the extent that the liability or loss arises directly from the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative’s gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. The liability shall be 
divided between the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders pro rata according to the respective Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven held by each of them respectively. 
7. MODIFICATIONS 
BY 
THE 
MORTGAGE 
PANDBRIEVEN 
HOLDERS’ 
REPRESENTATIVE 
7.1. Waivers 
7.1.1. Waivers  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may in its sole discretion, without 
the consent of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without prejudice to its rights in 
respect of any further or other breach, condition, event or act from time to time and at any

--- Page 147 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
147 
time, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders will not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(a) authorise or waive, on such terms and conditions (if any) as shall seem expedient to 
it, any proposed or actual breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in 
or arising pursuant to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven or any of the Programme Documents, or 
(b) determine that any breach shall not be (subject to specified conditions or not) treated 
as such. 
Any such authorisation, waiver or determination pursuant to this clause shall be binding 
on the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and notice thereof shall be given to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders and the Rating Agency. 
7.1.2. Reliance 
In determining whether or not any power, trust, authority, duty or discretion or any 
change, event or occurrence under or in relation to the Conditions or any of the 
Programme Documents will be materially prejudicial to the interests of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall be able to 
rely on, and act on any advice or opinion of or any certificate obtained from a valuer, 
accountant, banker, broker, securities company or other company other than the Rating 
Agency whether obtained by itself or the Issuer and it shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by such action, save where such loss is due to its gross negligence, wilful 
misconduct or fraud. 
7.2. Amendments 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may upon the request of the Issuer on 
behalf of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and without the consent or sanction of any of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of any Series or the Other Cover Pool Creditors it represents 
at any time and from time to time, concur with the Issuer or any other person in making: 
(a) any modification (other than in respect of a Basic Term Change) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of one or more Series (including the 
Conditions) or any Programme Document provided that in the sole opinion of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative such modification is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of such Series, or 
(b) any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Mortgage Pandbrieven of any 
one or more Series (including the Conditions) or any Programme Document which is in 
the sole opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error or to comply with applicable mandatory 
statutory provisions or would cause such terms and conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or provision of any Programme Document to better reflect or comply with 
the provisions and requirements of the Belgian Covered Bond Regulations. 
In no event may such modification be a Basic Term Change. The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall not be bound to give notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
of any modifications to the Programme Documents agreed pursuant to this Clause. 
The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, shall cause notice of any 
modification in this Clause 7.2 to be given to the Rating Agency and the Domiciliary Agent.

--- Page 148 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
148 
If, in the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative's opinion it is not sufficiently 
established that the proposed amendment or variation can be approved by it in accordance 
with this Clause, it will determine in its full discretion whether to submit the proposal to a 
duly convened Meeting or to refuse the proposed amendment or variation. 
Upon the Issuer's request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall, without 
the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, concur with the Issuer 
in making any modifications to the Conditions, to the Meeting Rules or to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms that the Issuer may decide in its discretion in order to comply with any 
criteria of the Rating Agency which may be published after the signing of the initial 
agreement(s) for the issuance of and subscription for the Mortgage Pandbrieven and in respect 
of which the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in writing 
that it reasonably believes such modifications are necessary to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal 
or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, provided that the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative 
shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, would have the effect of (i) exposing the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, to any liability against which 
it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) 
increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable in these Meeting Rules or the Conditions. 
For avoidance of doubt, such modification may include, without limitation, modifications 
which would allow any hedge counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider not to post 
collateral in circumstances where it previously would have been obliged to do so. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the Issuer's request, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative shall, without the consent or sanction of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders, concur with the Issuer in making any modifications to the Special Estate 
Administration Terms in relation to future issues of Mortgage Pandbrieven under the 
Programme provided that (i) the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in writing that it reasonably believes such modifications will not affect the 
then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued under the Programme and (ii) the Issuer certifies to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative in writing that these modifications will not affect the rights of holders of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven already issued under the Programme, provided that the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, 
in the sole opinion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable, 
would have the effect of (i) exposing the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as 
applicable, to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the 
protections, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, as applicable in the 
Meeting Rules. For avoidance of doubt, such modification may include, without limitation, 
modifications which would allow any hedge counterparty and/or liquidity facility provider 
not to post collateral in circumstances where it previously would have been obliged to do so. 
 
 
PART 3 – MEETING RULES  
8. MEETING ATTENDANCE  
8.1. General

--- Page 149 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
149 
Subject to the provisions of this Clause 8 (Meeting Attendance) the following persons may attend 
and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and their proxies; 
(b) the chairman; and 
(c) the Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor, the 
Cover Pool Administrator, the Dealer (through its officers, employees, advisers, agents or 
other Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representatives) and their financial and legal advisers. 
8.2. Proxies 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders may be represented at a Meeting by proxies authorised by a power 
of attorney that is duly dated and signed by a Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder (a Power of 
Attorney). Proxies need not to be Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, may determine the form of the Power 
of Attorney. 
8.3. Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(a) With respect to Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, save as expressly provided otherwise 
herein, no person shall be entitled to attend or to vote at any Meeting unless he (1) is a proxy 
or (2) he produces the Voting Certificate as defined in Clause 8.3 (b).  
(b) Voting Certificate means: a voting certificate in Dutch or French (with a translation in 
English) issued by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System and 
dated in which it is stated: 
(i) that on the date thereof Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (not being 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which a Block Voting Instruction 
(as defined below in Clause 8.3.(c)) has been issued and is outstanding in respect of 
the Meeting specified in such certificate (and any such adjourned Meeting) of a 
specified Principal Amount Outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised 
Accountholder or Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its control 
and blocked by it and that no such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will cease 
to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
- the conclusion of the Meeting specified in such certification or, if applicable, any 
adjourned Meeting; and 
- the surrender of the certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or Securities 
Settlement System who issued the same; and 
(ii) that until the release of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven represented thereby 
the bearer thereof is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting and any such 
adjourned meeting in respect of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
represented by such certificate. 
(c) Block Voting Instruction means a document in Dutch or French (with a translation in English) 
issued by the Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System and dated in which: 
(i) it is certified that Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven (not being Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction

--- Page 150 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
150 
and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified Principal Amount Outstanding were 
(to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement 
System) held to its order or under its control and blocked by it and that no such 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven will cease to be so held and blocked until the 
first to occur of: 
- the conclusion of the Meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any 
such adjourned Meeting; and 
- the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer in accordance with Clause 14.3 hereof, stating that certain of 
such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven cease to be held with it or under its 
control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting 
Instruction;  
(ii) it is certified that each holder of such Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven has 
instructed such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System, that the 
vote(s) attributable to the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven or Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven so held and blocked should be cast in a particular way in 
relation to the resolution or resolutions to be put to such Meeting or any such 
adjourned meeting and that all such instructions are during the period commencing 
three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which such Meeting or any such 
adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof 
neither revocable nor capable of amendment; 
(iii) the nominal amount of the Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven so held and blocked 
is stated, distinguishing with regard to each resolution between those in respect of 
which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto 
should be cast in favour of the resolution and those in respect of which instructions 
have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the 
resolution; and 
(iv) one or more persons named in such document (each hereinafter called a proxy) is or 
are authorised and instructed by such Recognised Accountholder or Securities 
Settlement System to cast the votes attributable to the Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in paragraph (ii) 
above as set out in such document. 
8.4. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
With respect to Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, save as expressly provided otherwise herein, 
no person shall be entitled to attend or vote at any Meeting unless: 
(a) it appears from the register held in accordance with Article 7:27 et seq. of the Belgian 
Company Code that the relevant person is registered as a holder of Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, or 
(b) such person is authorised and instructed, by means of a Power of Attorney to cast the votes 
attributable to a holder of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
9. CONVENING A MEETING  
9.1. Initiative 
9.1.1. Single Series

--- Page 151 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
151 
The meeting: 
(a) may be convened by the Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool 
Administrator, as applicable, or the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ 
Representative; and 
(b) shall be convened by the Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool 
Administrator, as applicable, upon the request in writing signed by Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant 
Series. 
9.1.2. Multiple Series 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative can convene a meeting of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (i) the subject matter of the Meeting is relevant to 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of each of those Series and (ii) there is no conflict 
between the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of the relevant Series, in which case these 
Meeting Rules shall apply mutatis mutandis 
9.2. Time, Place and Notice 
9.2.1. Time and Place 
Every Meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative. 
9.2.2. Notice 
At least fifteen (15) calendar days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is 
given and the day on which the Meeting is held) specifying the day, time and place of the 
Meeting shall be given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in the manner provided by 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
Such notice shall include the agenda of the Meeting. The agenda shall state the nature of 
the business to be transacted at the Meeting thereby convened and specify the terms of 
any resolution to be proposed. Such notice shall include a statement to the effect that 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven must be held with or under the control of and 
blocked by (i) a Recognised Accountholder (as defined below) (ii) as the case may be, 
the Securities Settlement System for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or 
appointing proxies until three (3) Business Days before the time fixed for the Meeting but 
not thereafter. 
10. CHAIRMAN  
10.1. Appointment 
The Issuer may appoint a chairman (who may, but need not be, a Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder). 
Failing such choice the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may appoint a chairman 
in writing, but if no such appointment is made or if the person appointed is not present within 
fifteen (15) minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, the Meeting shall be chaired by the 
person elected by the majority of the voters present, failing which, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative shall appoint a chairman. 
10.2. Adjourned Meeting

--- Page 152 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
152 
The chairman of an adjourned Meeting held in accordance with the provisions in Clause 12 
(Adjourned Meeting) needs not to be the same person as was chairman at the original Meeting. 
11. QUORUM  
11.1. General provisions 
For the avoidance of doubt, any modification (regardless of whether such modification is a Basic 
Term Change or not), shall require the consent of the Issuer, except that no such consent shall be 
required in relation to a Programme Resolution. 
11.2. Ordinary Resolutions and Extraordinary Resolutions (other than a Basic Term Change) 
The quorum at any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass an Ordinary Resolution or an 
Extraordinary Resolution concerning matters referred to under Clauses 13.2(a) to 13.2(e), will be 
one or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Series Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of the relevant Series, or, at an adjourned 
meeting in accordance with the provisions of Clause 12 (Adjourned Meeting), one or more 
persons being or representing Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding, whatever the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven so held or represented. 
11.3. Basic Term Change 
At any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass an Extraordinary Resolution concerning a Basic 
Term Change, the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two 
thirds of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of 
such Series or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing not less than 
one third of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of 
such Series for the time being outstanding. 
11.4. Programme Resolutions 
The quorum at any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass a Programme Resolution concerning 
matters referred to under Clauses 13.3(a) to 13.3(d), will be one or more persons holding or 
representing at least 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single Series, or, at an adjourned meeting in 
accordance with the provisions of Clause 12 (Adjourned Meeting), one or more persons being or 
representing Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders for the time being outstanding, whatever the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven so held or represented. 
At any Meeting the purpose of which is to pass a Programme Resolution concerning matters 
referred to under Clause 13.3(e), the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single Series, including at an adjourned meeting. 
11.5. Non-quorate meeting  
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a Meeting unless a quorum as 
required by this Clause 11 (Quorum) is present at the commencement of the Meeting. 
If a quorum is not present within fifteen (15) minutes from the time initially fixed for the Meeting, 
it shall, if convened on the request of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, be dissolved. In any 
other case it shall be adjourned in accordance with the provisions with regard to Adjourned 
Meetings under Clause 12 (Adjourned Meeting).

--- Page 153 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
153 
11.6. Overview 
Purpose of the meeting 
Required proportion for an 
initial 
meeting 
to 
be 
quorate 
Required proportion for an 
adjourned meeting to be 
quorate 
To pass any Ordinary 
Resolution 
50% 
No minimum proportion 
To pass any 
Extraordinary 
Resolution concerning 
matters referred to 
under Clauses 13.2(a) 
to 13.2(e) 
50% 
No minimum proportion 
To pass any 
Extraordinary 
Resolution concerning 
matters referred to 
under Clauses 13.2(f) to 
13.2(i) 
Two thirds 
One third 
To pass any Programme 
Resolution concerning 
matters referred to under 
Clauses 13.3(a) to 13.3(d) 
50% 
No minimum proportion 
To pass any 
Programme Resolution 
concerning matters 
referred to under 
Clause 13.3(e) 
Two thirds 
Two thirds 
 
12. ADJOURNING MEETING 
12.1. Convening 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) the Meeting, adjourn the same 
“from time to time and from place to place” (the Adjourned Meeting). 
The chairman may determine the time and place of the Adjourned Meeting that shall take place. 
In the event of a non-quorate Meeting (in accordance with the provisions of Clause 11.5) the 
Adjourned Meeting shall take place not less than fourteen (14) nor more than forty-two (42) 
calendar days upon the original Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
Notice of any Adjourned Meeting shall be given in the same manner as for a Meeting, and such 
notice shall state the quorum required at the Adjourned Meeting. 
12.2. Agenda 
No business shall be transacted at any Adjourned Meeting except business which could have 
been transacted at the original Meeting from which the adjournment took place.

--- Page 154 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
154 
13. POWERS OF MEETINGS 
13.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and only with the consent of the Issuer, and without 
prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power to decide 
by Ordinary Resolution on any business which is not listed under Clause 13.2 (Extraordinary 
Resolutions) or under Clause 13.3 (Programme Resolutions). 
13.2. Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and only with the consent of the Issuer, and without 
prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power by 
Extraordinary Resolution: 
(a) to approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (i) the rights 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative, the Issuer, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Programme Documents or 
otherwise, and (ii) these Meeting Rules, the Conditions, any Programme Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Mortgage 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, other than a Basic Term Change; 
(b) to discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders’ Representative from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative has or may become liable pursuant or in 
relation to these Meeting Rules, the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
(c) to give any authority or approval which under these Meeting Rules or the Conditions is 
required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) to authorise the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative (subject to it being 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) or any other person to execute all documents 
and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations in 
respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or to waive the occurrence of an Event of Default; 
(f) to approve any reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, a 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or a modification of the date 
of payment or, where applicable, a modification of the method of calculating the date of 
payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven other 
than in accordance with the terms thereof; 
(g) to approve any alteration of the currency in which payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are to be made; 
(h) to approve any alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(i) to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for 
or the conversion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven into, or the cancellation of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in consideration of, shares, stock, Mortgage Pandbrieven, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company 
formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in 
consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, Mortgage Pandbrieven, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations.

--- Page 155 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
155 
13.3. Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall, subject to the Conditions, and without prejudice to any powers conferred on 
other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power by Programme Resolution: 
(a) to appoint, remove or replace the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative in 
accordance with Clause 3.2 (Retirement and Removal) above or a member of the 
management board in accordance with Clause 3.4 (Resignation and Removal of the 
Management Board of the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative) above; 
(b) to direct the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative to service a Notice of Default; 
(c) with the consent of the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf of 
the Special Estate), to amend the Special Estate Administration Terms; 
(d) to consider the decision or proposal of the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with the 
liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
pursuant to Article 11, 6° of Annex III to the Banking Law; and 
(e) to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate 
and with the early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of 
Annex III to the Banking Law. 
14. VOTING 
14.1. General Provisions  
14.1.1. Voting by show of hands 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show 
of hands, then by a poll subject to the provisions of Clause 14.1.2 (Voting by poll). 
14.1.2. Voting by poll 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show 
of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as 
applicable, one or more persons holding Voting Certificates in respect of the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven or proxies holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 2 per cent. of the relevant Series of the aggregate Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, a declaration by the 
chairman that a resolution has passed or not passed, shall be conclusive evidence, 
without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against 
such resolution. 
If at any Meeting a poll is so demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject 
as hereinafter provided) either at once or after such an adjournment as the chairman 
directs. The result of such poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at 
which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. The demand for a 
poll shall not prevent the continuance of the Meeting for the transaction of any business 
other than the question on which the poll has been demanded. 
Any poll demanded at any Meeting on the election of a chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. 
14.1.3. Mortgage Pandbrieven held by the Issuer

--- Page 156 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
156 
In case Mortgage Pandbrieven are held by the Issuer, the Issuer shall have the voting 
rights with respect to such Mortgage Pandbrieven as if it were any other Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holder. 
14.1.4. Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The formalities and procedures to validly cast a vote at a Meeting in respect of 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be such formalities and procedures as described 
by the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative. 
14.1.5. Equality of votes 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall have a casting vote in addition to any 
other votes which he may have. 
14.2. Majority 
14.2.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
An Ordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a simple majority of at least 50% of 
the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven for which votes have been cast plus one vote. 
14.2.2. Extraordinary Resolutions 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a voting majority of at least two 
thirds of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven for which votes have been cast. 
14.2.3. Programme Resolutions 
A Programme Resolution shall be validly passed by a simple majority of at least 50% 
of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for 
which votes have been cast plus one vote. 
14.3. Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions regarding Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of a Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of the Block Voting Instruction or of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holder's instructions pursuant to which it was executed, provided that no 
confirmation in writing of such revocation or amendment shall have been received from the 
Securities Settlement System or Recognised Accountholder by the Issuer at its headquarters 
(Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium or such other address as notified to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with the Conditions) by the time being 24 hours before the 
commencement of the Meeting or Adjourned Meeting at which the Block Voting Instruction is 
intended to be used. 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions will only be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or Securities 
Settlement System) held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised 
Accountholder or Securities Settlement System not less than three (3) Business Days before the 
time for which the Meeting or the poll to which the same relate has been convened or called and 
shall be valid for so long as the relevant Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven continue to be so 
held and blocked and during the validity thereof the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as 
the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes

--- Page 157 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
157 
in connection with the relevant Meeting, be deemed to be the holder of the Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates and 
the Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System with which such Dematerialised 
Mortgage Pandbrieven have been deposited or to whose order or under whose control they are 
held or the person holding them blocked as aforesaid shall be deemed for such purpose not to be 
the holder of those Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Each Voting Certificate and each Block Voting Instruction shall be deposited at the registered 
office of the Issuer not less than three Business Days before the time appointed for holding the 
meeting or adjourned meeting at which the holder of the Voting Certificate or the proxies named 
in the Block Voting Instruction propose to vote and in default of such deposit the Voting 
Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall not be treated as valid unless the chairman of the 
general meeting decides otherwise before such Meeting or Adjourned Meeting proceeds to 
business. 
15. MINUTES 
15.1. General 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every Meeting shall be made and duly entered in 
books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and signed by the chairman 
and any such minutes as aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein contained, 
and until the contrary is proved each such meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes 
have been made and signed as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted thereat to have been duly passed or 
transacted. 
15.2. Attachments 
An attendance list will be attached to the minutes. 
15.3. Certified Copies 
Certified copies or extracts of the minutes shall be signed by two directors of the Issuer. 
16. BINDING RESOLUTIONS 
16.1. Ordinary or Extraordinary Resolutions 
Any Ordinary or Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules shall be binding on all the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
of the relevant Series, whether or not they are present at the Meeting and whether or not they vote 
in favour of such resolution. 
16.2. Programme Resolutions 
Any Programme Resolution passed at a Meeting of all Series duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules shall be binding on all Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders of 
all Series, whether or not they are present at the Meeting and whether or not they vote in favour 
of such resolution. 
16.3. Notice to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders 
Save as the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may otherwise agree, the Issuer or 
the Cover Pool Administrator (as the case may be) shall give notice of the passing of a Resolution 
to the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), within fourteen

--- Page 158 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
158 
(14) calendar days of the conclusion of the meeting, but failure to do so shall not invalidate the 
Resolution. 
17. WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS 
17.1. Format 
Written resolutions may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders. 
17.2. Thresholds 
17.2.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
A written resolution signed by the holders of 50 per cent. of the Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding shall take 
effect as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
17.2.2. Extraordinary Resolutions 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of 75 per cent. of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
outstanding shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
17.2.3. Programme Resolutions 
Except in relation to a Programme Resolution to direct the Cover Pool Administrator 
to proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law, 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of 50 per cent. of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then 
outstanding shall take effect as a Programme Resolution. 
A resolution in writing to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with the 
liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law signed by or 
on behalf of holders of 75 per cent. of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a Programme 
Resolution. 
18. OTHER REGULATIONS  
Subject to the provisions contained in these Meeting Rules and with the consent of the Issuer, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may determine, in its sole discretion, further 
regulations regarding the holding of Meetings of Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders and attendance and 
voting as the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders’ Representative may determine in its sole discretion.

--- Page 159 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
159 
 
SECTION 12 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendment, will be 
completed for each Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme pursuant to the 
Base Prospectus. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but 
provides directions for completing the Final Terms. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Mortgage Pandbrieven ] 
Issued under the EUR 20,000,000,000 
Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on 
the basis that any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in any other circumstances. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s  (i.e. each person 
deemed a manufacturer for purposes of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, hereafter referred to 
as a Manufacturer) product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (a distributor) should take into consideration the Manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by either adopting or refining the 
Manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(EEA) or in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive 
or IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 160 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
160 
offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM - The Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, may not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in 
Belgium. 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation), as amended from time to time. This document constitutes the final terms 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus] is available for viewing at the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-pandbrief-programme) 
and 
copies may be attained from BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]]. This document constitutes the final terms of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as amended, 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Terms and Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date] and [current date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[date]]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] is available for viewing 
at the Issuer’s website (https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-
pandbrief-programme) and copies may be attained from BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Montagne du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
[The following alternative language applies if no prospectus is required in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Final Terms do not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Issuer is not offering the Mortgage Pandbrieven in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would 
require a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make 
such an offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on behalf of the Issuer in any jurisdiction. In addition, 
no application has been made (nor is it proposed that any application will be made) for listing the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven on any stock exchange.

--- Page 161 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
161 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
1 
Issuer: 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
2 
(a)     Series Number: 
[] 
(b)     Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
become fungible). 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven: 
[] 
(a) 
[Series: 
[]] 
(b) 
[Tranche: 
[]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination: 
[] 
7 
(a)    Issue Date: 
[] 
(b)     Interest Commencement Date: 
[] 
8 
(a) 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating Rate 
- Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for 
Maturity Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention/  
Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
         (b)   Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable][Fixed rate – specify 
date/Floating rate – Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify

--- Page 162 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
162 
month and year, in each case falling one 
year after the Maturity Date]] 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for 
Maturity Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention 
Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
9 
Interest Basis: 
 
(a) 
Period to (but excluding) Maturity 
Date: 
[[]% Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
(b) 
Period from Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) Extended Maturity Date: 
[[]% Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]/[Specify others] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable. The Interest Basis changes 
from fixed to floating from and 
including [•]]/Not Applicable] 
12 
(a) 
Status of the Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
Belgische pandbrieven/ lettres de gage 
belges  
(b) 
Date [board (or similar)] approval 
for 
issuance 
of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven obtained:] 
[] 
(N.B Only relevant where board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular 
tranche 
of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven) 
13 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed 
Rate 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][to 
and 
including []] 
(a) 
To Maturity Date:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 163 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
163 
(b) 
From Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
(If (a) and (b) are not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(c) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] []% per annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
(d) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to 
and including the [●] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] [[month] [and [●] [month]] in each 
year] / [in each month] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
(e) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Period End Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Following Business 
Day Convention /Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]/[Interest Payment Dates 
will correspond to Interest Period End 
Dates]

--- Page 164 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
164 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] [[month] [and [●] [month]] in each 
year] / [in each month] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment] 
(g) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[•] per [100,000] of Principal Amount 
Outstanding 
[Not Applicable] [•] per [100,000] of 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
 
(h) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[•] 
[Not Applicable] [•] per Calculation 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [•] 
(i) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Following Business 
Day Convention] 
(j) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (please specify 
other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition) 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below)

--- Page 165 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
165 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[[Actual/Actual] 
or 
[Actual/Actual] 
(ISDA)] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
[[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis]] 
 
[30E/360] (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date:  
[Not Applicable] (Specify one of the 
options listed below) 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[[Actual/Actual] 
or 
[Actual/Actual] 
(ISDA)] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
[[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis]] 
 
[30E/360] (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
 
(see Condition 4.1 for alternatives) 
(l) 
Determination Date: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[] in each year 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 [●] [[month] [and [●] [month]] in each 
year] / [in each month] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day

--- Page 166 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
166 
Convention]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment]  
[Insert regular Interest Period End 
Dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon] 
 
(This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular Interest Period End Dates 
which are not of equal durations) 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(m)   Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
[●] 
15 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [from and including 
[•]] 
(a) 
To Maturity Date:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (a) and (b) are not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(c) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to 
and including the [●] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each [month/year] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment] (NB: This will need to be 
amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
(d) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Period End Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified

--- Page 167 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
167 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date] 
[Interest Payment Dates will correspond 
to Interest Period End Dates] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each [month/year] from and 
including [●] up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, or the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, 
whichever occurs earlier [ subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention]]/[not 
subject 
to 
any 
adjustment]  
(f) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition) 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (please specify 
other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition) 
(h) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination / ISDA Determination]

--- Page 168 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
168 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and 
Interest 
Amount: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(Give name and address) 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] (Give name and 
address) 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[]/[Specify Others] 
 
(Insert Euribor) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate: 
[]/[Specify others] 
 
(Insert relevant Euribor) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] (the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period) 
 
N.B. Specify the Interest Determination 
Date(s) up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date, if applicable 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 ensure it is a page which

--- Page 169 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
169 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(k) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][]% per annum 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [+/-][]% per annum 
(m) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] []% per annum 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] []% per annum 
(n) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] []% per annum 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] []% per annum 
(With respect to any Interest Period, 
insert (i) Minimum Rate of Interest to 
floor the Rate of Interest; (ii) Maximum 
Rate of Interest to cap the Rate of 
Interest and (iii) Minimum Rate of 
Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest to 
collar the Rate of Interest) 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below)

--- Page 170 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
170 
 
[[Actual/ Actual] or [Actual/Actual] 
(ISDA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
(ii) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Maturity Date:  
[Not Applicable] (Specify one of the 
options listed below) 
 
[[Actual/ Actual] or [Actual/Actual] 
(ISDA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
1/1 
 
(See Condition 4.2(b) for alternatives) 
16 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][up to and 
including the Maturity Date] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[]% per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention[specify 
other]] 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] (please specify other financial 
centres required for the Business Day 
definition)

--- Page 171 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
171 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payments: 
Conditions [] and [] apply/specify 
other] 
 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION 
OF 
THE 
MORTGAGE 
PANDBRIEVEN 
17 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
Principal Amount Outstanding/specify 
other/[•] per Calculation Amount 
18 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
19 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 100,000 
of Principal Amount Outstanding payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons, 
illegality or on event of default or other 
early redemption: 
[[]/Condition 6.4 applies] 
20 
Notice Period: 
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN  
21 
Form of Mortgage Pandbrieven: 
[Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
/ Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven ]  
22 
Additional Business Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to [Interest 
Payment Days]: 
[Not Applicable/give details].  
[Mortgage Pandbrief that this item 
relates to and the date and place of 
payment]  
(Do not specify interest period end 
dates, to which item [15(j)] relates here) 
23 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Redenomination [not] applicable] 
(If redenomination is applicable, specify 
the terms of the redenomination in an 
annex to the Final Terms) 
24 
[Consolidation provisions:] 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in 
Condition 18 (Further Issues)] apply] 
25 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (When 
adding 
any 
other 
final 
terms 
consideration should be given as to 
whether 
such 
terms 
constitute 
“significant 
new 
factors” 
and 
consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.)

--- Page 172 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
172 
DISTRIBUTION 
26 
(a)    If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses 
and underwriting commitments] 
[Can be BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary 
of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or 
(ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas 
Group.] 
(b)    Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[] 
(c)    Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
27 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
28 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[The C Rules are applicable / The C 
Rules are not applicable] 
29 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels][specify relevant market] of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
described herein pursuant to the EUR 20,000,000,000 Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 
of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with this issue, [insert name of Stabilising Manager(s)] (the Stabilising Manager(s)) 
(or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager(s)) to do this. Such stabilising, if commenced, 
may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Such stabilising 
shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from [(specify source)]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION

--- Page 173 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
173 
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the [specify relevant regulated 
market (for example Euronext Brussels, the Bourse de 
Luxembourg, the London Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market or the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange) and if relevant, admission to an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the U.K. Listing 
Authority)]/[specify relevant other market] with effect 
from [].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Mortgage Pandbrieven to 
be admitted to trading on the [specify relevant regulated 
market (for example Euronext Brussels, the Bourse de 
Luxembourg, the London Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market or the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange) and if relevant, admission to an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the U.K. Listing Authority)] 
[specify relevant other market] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(b) 
Listing: 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Mortgage Pandbrieven are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] 
2. RATINGS 
 
Ratings 
of 
the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven: 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued have been rated:  
 
[S&P] 
 
[Moody’s]  
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Mortgage Pandbrieven of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
Ratings of the Issuer: 
The following senior debt ratings have been assigned to 
the Issuer with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating 
process:  
[S&P] 
[Moody’s]

--- Page 174 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
174 
[[Other]:[]] 
These credit ratings relate to the Issuer’s financial 
obligations generally, and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Mortgage Pandbrieven or any 
Series or Tranche thereof. 
 
[/] [is/are] established in the European Union and 
[is/are] registered for the purposes of the EU Regulation 
on 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
(Regulation 
(EC) 
No.1060/2009), as amended. As such [/] [is/are] 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation. 
 
[Other] is established in the European Union and [has 
made an application to be (but as at the date hereof is 
not)]/[is] registered for the purposes of the EU Regulation 
on 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
(Regulation 
(EC) 
No.1060/2009), as amended. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.] 
3. [HEDGING AGREEMENT 
 
Hedging Agreement Provider: 
[] 
Nature of Hedging Agreement: 
[]] 
4. [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven has an interest material to the offer."] 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
Estimated net amount: 
[]

--- Page 175 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
175 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
6. YIELD (Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
[The yield is calculated on the basis of the Issue Price, the 
Rate of Interest applicable from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date until and excluding the Maturity 
Date, and the Final Redemption Amount. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
7. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
(insert here any other relevant 
codes such as CINS codes): 
[] 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than the Securities Settlement 
System, 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Germany, SIX 
SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, 
Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and 
any 
other 
NBB 
investor 
(I)CSDs 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Registrar (if different than 
Issuer): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[] 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
other than the Issuer): 
[]/Not Applicable 
Name and address of the 
Calculation Agent (if any): 
[] 
Names and addresses of the 
Domiciliary Agent (if any): 
[•] 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] [Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and does not

--- Page 176 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
176 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
Benchmark: 
[Not  applicable]/ [[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does  not  appear] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmark Regulation.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation.]

--- Page 177 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
177 
SECTION 13 – USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, in relation to Mortgage Pandbrieven that 
are acquired by the Issuer itself, the refinancing of the acquisition of such Mortgage Pandbrieven 
and/or the underlying Residential Mortgage Loans). If in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 178 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
178 
 
SECTION 14 – OVERVIEW OF BELGIAN HOUSING AND MORTGAGE MARKET 
1. 
SOUND FUNDAMENTALS 
Home-ownership in Belgium is stable at around 72%, with the majority of the owners carrying at 
least some outstanding mortgage debt (Graph 1). As such Belgium compares favourably to most 
neighbouring countries. Its homeownership rate is higher than that of France, Germany and the 
Netherlands. Belgium has a higher share of houses owned without outstanding housing debt than 
the Netherlands.  
 
This following report provides an overview of the Belgian housing market, at least based on the 
information available so far, which does not yet include concrete data on the impact of the 
Coronavirus crisis. First, the general macroeconomic situation in the country is discussed, 
highlighting GDP growth and consumer sentiment. A second part covers the prevailing forces of 
supply and demand on the housing market. Then follows an overview of the Belgian mortgage 
market. The last part covers the stability of housing prices in Belgium. The Coronavirus has 
significantly increased the uncertainty of any forward-looking statements in the current economic 
context, this is no different for the Belgian real estate market. 
2. 
GENERAL MACRO ECONOMICS 
2.1. Stable growth 
The Belgian economy was expected to remain on an upward trajectory for the next couple of years, 
up until the start of the Coronavirus crisis. The 2nd quarter of this year, during which the bulk of 
the Belgian lockdown took place, resulted in a quarterly GDP 15% below the level of the last quarter 
of 2019. Neighbouring countries economies underwent a similar sized hit.

--- Page 179 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
179 
 
2.2. Stable and low unemployment 
The unemployment rate, the number of jobseekers as a part of the total active population, was well 
below the European average (Graph 3) and remained stable so far this year. This is largely a 
consequence of the expanded temporary unemployment scheme, which allowed companies to keep 
employers on their payroll, while the government subsidised part of their wages. The increase in 
actual unemployment-rates in Germany and the Netherlands will eventually also hit Belgium, once 
the current measures expire.  
2.3. Consumer confidence severly hit by the Coronavirus crisis 
Consumer confidence has been hit by the outbreak of the coronavirus crisis in March 2020 and was 
on its way to recover as the first wave of the pandemic was going away in the summer. However, 
the sudden and severe second wave, which became obvious in September across most of Europe is 
going to hurt confidence again. Many countries including Belgium entered a second lock-down in 
October, which led many forecasters to change their mind and expect a new drop in activity in the 
fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 
2.4. Inflation: one of Europe’s highest 
For some years now, Belgian headline inflation was mostly in excess of the ECB policy target of 
“near to but below 2%” (Graph 5). Core inflation (excluding energy and food prices) had proven 
more resilient in Belgium (Graph 6), compared to the Euro Area. This is mainly caused by 
structurally higher fees in service sectors and price-indexing mechanisms on certain markets. Here

--- Page 180 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
180 
again, the Coronavirus is having a strong impact, since prices are expected to cool down 
everywhere. 
 
3. 
OVERVIEW OF THE HOUSING MARKET 
3.1. Number of transactions stable 
Activity has been experiencing steady growth,  as number of sales transactions show, for all types 
of homes (Graph 7). The surge in transactions at the end of 2014, following the end of various 
purchase-promoting government schemes, gave way to a normalisation to trend. A similar dynamic 
could be observed at the end of last year, when the Flemish government ended a specific measure 
to support first-time home-ownership. The resulting surge in transactions, effectively pulled some 
transactions forward in time, resulting in lower activity levels in the first quarter of this year. 
3.2. Cooling appetite for real estate spending 
After a couple of strong years, appetite for major household purchase is expected to cool down 
somewhat in the future (Graph 8). Recent changes in the fiscal treatment of housing expenditures 
caused some volatility in the number of transactions, as mentioned above. Appetite for major 
purchase took a hit during the lockdown and recovered only slowly, but more forward looking 
indicators suggest that a less negative long term outlook is slowly emerging. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. 
OVERVIEW OF THE MORTGAGE MARKET 
4.1. Interest rates bottoming out

--- Page 181 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
181 
Interest rates were declining steadily since the start of the financial crisis. They came down almost 
2.5%-points over the last 10 years (Graph 9). The fixed rate for mortgages running 20 years was at 
1,93% for August 2020. 
4.2. Savings rate down, other assets preferred 
The savings rate was down significantly from its 2010 peak, well below that of neighbouring 
countries. (Graph 10) Recent data shows that in France and the Netherlands the 1-year moving 
average is shooting up in the 2nd quarter. Such recent data is not yet available for Belgium but the 
National Bank of Belgium (NBB) does forecast a strong increase in the savings-rate for this year 
(20.2%, up from 13.1% in 2019), followed by a normalisation in 2021. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.3. Household debt in excess over EA-average 
Household debt as % of GDP has exceeded the average of the Eurozone since 2016. Also in terms 
of income, Belgian households are more indebted then the Eurozone-average. In its latest report, 
the NBB points out that “Of  the  total  amount  of  new  loans,  the  share of  mortgage  loans  with  
a  loan-to-value  ratio (LTV) – that is, the ratio of the amount borrowed to the value of the 
residential property serving as collateral – above 90 % advanced from 28 % in 2014 to  37 %  in  
2018.”. 
 
5. 
PRICES 
5.1. Prices holding up quite well

--- Page 182 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
182 
The 2008 financial crisis had a temporary and only mild impact on average house prices in Belgium. 
When compared to the Euro area, it is fair to say that the sector held up quite well. (Graph 12 & 
13). Both price-to-income and price-to-rent ratio’s were stable since 2010, similar to those of France 
(Graph 14 & 15). According to the NBB “The  valuation  of  the  housing  market  –  defined  as 
the difference between market prices and their fundamental value estimated by the Bank’s model – 
had virtually stabilised between 2015 and 2018. In 2019, it remained positive but did inch down to 
6.6 % – a decline primarily attributable to sharply higher house‑hold disposable income”. 
Overall, the moderate economy activity, demographic evolution and a slightly increased tendency 
to invest in real estate should continue to exert upward pressure on the pricelevel for the next couple 
of years, at least this was the basis scenario before the Coronavirus crisis erupted. At the moment, 
incomes remain stable and an increased appetite in certain segments of the housing market looks to 
have initiated a reversal to longerterm trends. Further changes in regulations could provide some 
counterweight, with budgetary constraints possibly leading to cuts in support measures in the longer 
term.

--- Page 183 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
183 
 
 
SECTION 15 – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
See section “Documents Incorporated By Reference” for a list of the documents of and information on 
the Issuer incorporated by reference. References to certain pages in this section explicitly refer to such 
documents. 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1.1. Name 
BNPPF is a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) under 
Belgian law. 
1.2. Place of registration – Registration Number – LEI  
BNPPF is registered in the Register of Legal Entities of Brussels under the number 0403.199.702. 
The Legal Entity Identifier with regards to BNPPF is: KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. 
1.3. Incorporation 
BNPPF was incorporated in Belgium on 5 December 1934. BNPPF has been established for an 
indefinite period. 
In Belgium, BNPPF is subject to supervision by the ECB, the prudential authority of the NBB and the 
market authority of the Belgian FSMA. 
1.4. Various 
BNPPF’s registered office is located at rue Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium where its 
headquarters are based (contact form, see: https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/contact).  
The website of BNPPF is: www.bnpparibasfortis.be. The information on the website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference herein, and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
2. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
2.1. Principal activities 
Banking activities in Belgium 
In Belgium, BNP Paribas Fortis offers a comprehensive package of financial services to private 
individuals, the self-employed, members of the professions and SMEs. The Bank also provides high net 
worth individuals, corporations and public and financial institutions with customised solutions, for 
which it is able to draw on the know-how and international network of the mother company, BNP 
Paribas. 
In Retail & Private Banking (RPB), BNP Paribas Fortis has a solid footprint, serving 3.5 million 
individuals, professionals, SMEs and private banking customers. It has a very strong presence in the 
local market, through a network of 590 branches, plus other channels such as ATMs and online banking 
facilities, including mobile banking. In its Retail banking activities, BNP Paribas Fortis operates under 
four complementary brands: the main brand BNP Paribas Fortis, plus Fintro, bpost bank/banque and

--- Page 184 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
184 
Hello bank!, a 100% digital mobile banking service. In the insurance sector, BNP Paribas Fortis works 
in close cooperation with the Belgian market leader, AG Insurance. 
Corporate Banking (CB) serves a wide range of clients, including small and medium-sized companies, 
Belgian and European corporates, financial institutions, institutional investors, public entities and local 
authorities. CB has a strong client base among large and medium-sized companies and is the market 
leader in these two categories, as well as a strong challenger in the public sector.  
Providing a wide range of both traditional and bespoke specialised solutions and services, and drawing 
on the international network of the BNP Paribas Group in 71 countries, CB continues to meet the precise 
financing, transaction banking, investment banking and insurance needs of its clients. 
Retail & Private Banking Belgium 
Retail Banking offers financial services to individuals, the self-employed, members of independent 
professions and small businesses. 3.5 million customers currently use BNPPF's integrated banking and 
insurance services, through proprietary and third-party networks, all embedded in a multi-channel 
environment. Operating through a variety of distribution channels, BNPPF provides services and advice 
on every aspect of daily banking, saving, investment, credit and insurance to a clearly segmented 
customer base. 
Corporate Banking Belgium 
With its well-developed, diversified and integrated business and service model, the BNPPF Corporate 
Banking (CB) is well equipped to serve a wide range of clients, including small and medium-sized 
companies, Belgian and European corporates, financial institutions, institutional investors, public 
entities and local authorities. Corporate Banking has a strong client base among large and medium-
sized companies and is the market leader in these two categories, as well as being a strong challenger 
in the public sector. 
Providing a wide range of both traditional and bespoke specialised solutions and services, and drawing 
on the international network of the BNP Paribas Group across more than 70 countries, CB continues to 
meet the precise financing, transaction banking, investment banking and insurance needs of its clients, 
in Belgium and abroad. 
Corporate Banking continued its strenuous efforts during 2019 to be the preferred bank for corporates 
in Belgium by providing them with convenient access to unique banking solutions using innovative 
digital tools.  
Meanwhile the Corporate Banking division continued to forge ahead in line with its digital 
transformation and process efficiency roadmap. The division enhanced its servicing model by 
expanding its client- and data-driven digital channels and launching a number of new initiatives, with a 
focus on digital lending and the client onboarding process 
Following the launch of the Sustainable Business Competence Centre (SBCC) in 2018, Corporate 
Banking increased its efforts to assist clients in making the transition to a more sustainable economy. 
Initiatives in this field came under four main headings: Decarbonisation, Human Capital, the Circular 
Economy and Smart Cities. In the course of 2019, CB embarked on a range of solutions intended to 
promote a low-carbon economy, support investment in education and health and help develop smart 
infrastructure in Belgian cities. 
Market positions 
 
Strong leadership position in Belgium with more than 1,000 corporate client relations and more 
than 7,000 midcap client relations, and a challenger in public banking (500 clients). 
 
High penetration rate among selected European customers (e.g., internationally active SMEs).

--- Page 185 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
185 
Additional information 
BNPPF has established a EUR 10,000,000,000 covered bond (residential mortgage pandbrieven/lettres 
de gage) programme dated 12 September 2016 with BNPPF and BNPP acting as arrangers and dealers. 
BNPPF already issued under that programme. 
BGL BNP Paribas SA 
Retail Banking, Corporate Banking and Private Banking Luxembourg – a broad range of financial 
products and services, including current accounts, savings products and insurance products, plus 
specialised services for professional people and companies, such as leasing. 
BGL BNP Paribas SA serves its clients through 41 branches, several Private Banking Centres for high-
net-worth residents of the Grand Duchy and 5 business centres that provide services exclusively to self-
employed professionals. It also has one of the country's most extensive ATM networks. 
TEB 
BNPPF operates in Turkey through TEB, in which it holds a 48.72 per cent. stake. TEB ranks 10th in 
the country's banking sector in terms of market share in loans and deposits, and provides the full range 
of BNPPF's Retail products and services in Turkey. 
In Retail Banking, TEB provides debit and credit cards, mortgage loans, personal loans, plus investment 
and insurance products, which are distributed through the branch network and via Internet, phone and 
mobile banking. 
Through its commercial and small business banking departments, the Bank offers a full range of 
banking services to small and medium-sized enterprises and is also recognized as having strong 
expertise in non-financial services. 
Corporate Banking services include international trade finance, asset and cash management, credit 
services, hedging of currency, interest and commodity risk, plus factoring and leasing. 
TEB Retail and Private Banking is steadily attracting and serving greater numbers of customers with 
its diversified product range, quality of service and experience, through both its bricks-and-mortar 
branches and online channels. TEB’s goal is to be the primary bank for all its customers. Accordingly, 
the Bank has been implementing digital transformation strategies designed to improve the Customer 
Experience and focus on the development of service channels and service models. 
Other Domestic Markets 
The operating segment ‘Other Domestic Markets’ mainly comprises BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions 
and Arval.  
Fully owned by BNP Paribas Fortis, Arval specialises in full service vehicle leasing. Arval offers its 
customers – large international corporates, SMEs and professionals – tailored solutions that optimise 
their employees’ mobility and outsource the risks associated with fleet management. Expert advice and 
service quality, which are the foundations of Arval’s customer promise, are delivered in 29 countries. 
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions is a European leader in leasing for corporate and small business clients. 
It specialises in rental and finance solutions, ranging from professional equipment leasing to fleet 
outsourcing. 
Other 
This segment mainly comprises BNP Paribas Asset Management, AG Insurance, Personal Finance and 
the foreign branches of BNP Paribas Fortis.

--- Page 186 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
186 
Income and expense by operating segment 
 
In millions of euros 
Year to 31 Dec. 2019 
Year to 31 Dec. 2018 
Banking activities 
in Belgium 
Banking activities 
in Luxembourg 
Banking activities 
in Turkey 
Other Domestic 
Markets 
Other 
Total 
Banking activities 
in Belgium 
Banking activities 
in Luxembourg 
Banking activities 
in Turkey 
Other Domestic 
Markets 
Other 
Total 
Revenues 
4,065 
666 
936 
2,184 
185 
8,036 
4,126 
613 
950 
2,006 
358 
8,053 
Operating expense 
(2,693)
(388)
(462) 
(1,135)
(76)
(4,754)
(2,784)
(380)
(459)
(1,066) 
(158)
(4,847)
Cost of risk 
(40)
(5)
(238) 
(141)
(30)
(454)
(13)
8 
(205)
(116) 
(69)
(395)
Operating Income 
1,332 
273 
236 
908 
79 
2,828 
1,329 
241 
286 
824 
131 
2,811 
Non-operating items 
169 
- 
5 
1 
235 
410 
7 
- 
1 
(10) 
219 
217 
Pre-tax income 
1,501 
273 
241 
909 
314 
3,238 
1,336 
241 
287 
814 
350 
3,028 
 
 
More information, including figures regarding net income and net income attributable to equity 
shareholders, can be found in the table “Statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
reqcognised directly in equity” on page 47 of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Assets and liabilities by operating segment

--- Page 187 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
187 
In millions of euros 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
Banking activities 
in Belgium 
Banking activities 
in Luxembourg 
Banking activities 
in Turkey 
Other Domestic Markets 
Other 
Total 
Banking activities 
in Belgium 
Banking activities 
in Luxembourg 
Banking activities 
in Turkey 
Other Domestic Markets 
Other 
Total 
Assets 
205,650 
27,931 
16,889 
51,565 
11,160 313,195 186,991 
27,409 
16,740 
47,126 
13,054 291,320 
of which investments in 
associates and Joint ventures 
958 
93 
4 
69 
2,718 
3,842 
965 
93 
3 
54 
2,725 
3,840 
Liabilities 
191,205 
22,210 
15,571 
47,801 
8,253 285,040 173,431 
21,819 
15,285 
43,521 
9,884 263,940 
 
2.2. Important events in the development of BNPPF’s business 
The major changes in the consolidation scope of BNPPF during 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 were related 
to the acquisition of Arval lease Services SA. Changes in the BNPPF consolidation perimeter 
comprised, inter alia: 
 
On 8 December 2016 BNPPF acquired Arval Service Lease (Arval), the European leader in the 
automobile leasing sector, formerly a 100 per cent.-owned subsidiary of BNPP. This transaction 
concerned the contribution in kind by BNP Paribas S.A. of 100 per cent. minus five shares in 
Arval Service Lease S.A. to BNPPF, the sale of five shares in Arval Service Lease S.A. by a 
number of subsidiaries of BNP Paribas S.A. to a subsidiary of BNPPF and the funding of most 
of the new business of the Arval group, from the date of closing of the Transaction. 
 
The transfer of the activities, assets and liabilities of eight European CIB branches and one rep 
office of BNPPF located in Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands, 
Norway, Romania, Sweden and Spain to BNP Paribas S.A. was completed during the years 
2017 and 2018. It involved also the transfer to BNP Paribas S.A. of the funding commitments 
of BNPPF towards the transferred businesses. 
Von Essen Bank GmbH, previously fully consolidated, has been sold in January 2019 to BNP Paribas 
S.A. and merged with the German Branch of BNP Paribas S.A.. Von Essen Bank GmbH provides retail 
banking services in Germany. It offers savings and investing products, financing services, such as 
consumer credit, loan rescheduling, real estate credit, mortgage loans and leasing for equipment.    
2.3. Strategy and objectives 
In addition to what is provided above, The BNP Paribas Group announced and presented a strategic 
plan for the 2017-2020 period on 7 February 2017. This plan contemplates a number of initiatives, 
including the implementation of new customer pathways, the digital transformation of the BNP Paribas 
Group, continuing to improve operating efficiency and various business development initiatives. The 
BNP Paribas Group closely monitors these initiatives and provided an update on its 2020 targets on 6 
February 2019. 
The plan includes a number of financial targets and objectives relating to net banking income, operating 
costs, net income, capital adequacy ratios and return on equity, among other things. These financial 
targets and objectives were established primarily for purposes of internal planning and allocation of 
resources, and are based on a number of assumptions with regard to business and economic conditions. 
Additionally, as part of the BNP Paribas Group's commitment to environmental responsibility within 
its corporate social responsibility (CSR) policy, it has announced a number of initiatives to support the

--- Page 188 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
188 
energy transition towards a low-carbon economy, including a reduction in financing for energies with 
the most negative environmental impact. 
2.4. Possible dependency 
Except for the banking license of BNPPF, there is no patent or licence, industrial, commercial or 
financial contract or new manufacturing processes that are material to BNPPF’s business or 
profitability. 
2.5. Basis for any statements made by BNPPF regarding its competitive position 
The basis for any statements in this Base Prospectus made by BNPPF regarding its competitive position 
originate from BNPPFs’ evaluation of market trends and should generally reflect market views. 
2.6. Investments 
A description, (including the amount) of BNPPF’s material investments for each financial year 
for the period covered by the historical financial information up to the date of the Base Prospectus 
Information on material investments can be found in the chapter “Business combinations and other 
changes of the consolidation scope” on pages 142 to 144 of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Information relating to the joint ventures and undertakings in which BNPPF holds a proportion 
of the capital likely to have a significant effect on the assessment of its own assets and liabilities, 
financial position or profits and losses 
Financial information on joint ventures can be found in note 5.k of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, 
as well as in the Simplified Legal Structure chart in Chapter 6 of this Base Prospectus. 
A description of any environmental issues that may affect BNPPF’s utilisation of the tangible 
fixed assets 
Currently no environmental issues are affecting our use of our tangible fixed assets. This topic is 
monitored, both from a perspective of the CO2 impact of our building and data centres on the 
environment (BNP Paribas is climate neutral since the end of 2017), as from the perspective of possible 
impact of new regulation/existing regulation on current/new facilities or impact of severe weather 
phenomena on our assets. Local climate activists have, one year ago (18 March 2019), symbolically 
blocked the entrance of one of the buildings, without impact on the operations. 
3. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW 
3.1. Financial situation 
For an understanding of BNPPF’s business as a whole, a fair review of the development and 
performance of BNPPF’s business and of its position for 2017, 2018 and 2019, including the causes of 
material changes, see the management reports of 2017, 2018 and 2019, which are included in the Annual 
Report 2019 and the Annual Report 2018 of BNPPF, which are incorporated by reference in this  Base 
Prospectus. 
3.2. Operating results 
Information on the operating results of the Issuer can be found in the chapter “Comments on the 
evolution of the results” on pages 25 to 27 of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
4. CAPITAL RESOURCES

--- Page 189 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
189 
4.1. BNPPF’s capital resources 
Please see the balance sheet of BNPPF as at 31 Decemer 2019 included in the Annual Report 2019 of 
BNPPF. 
4.2. Sources and amounts of cash flows 
Please see the cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2019 included in the Annual Report 
2019 of BNPPF. 
4.3. Borrowing requirements and funding structure 
Please see the balance sheet of BNPPF as at 31 Decemer 2019 included in the Annual Report 2019 of 
BNPPF. 
4.4. Information regarding any restrictions on the use of capital resources that have materially 
affected, or could materially affect, BNPPF’s operations 
N/A. 
4.5. Anticipated sources of funds 
N/A 
5.  REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Recent and future changes in the laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions may have a 
significant impact on BNPPF. Measures that were recently adopted or which are (or whose application 
measures are) ongoing projects, that have or are likely to have an impact on BNPPF notably include: 
 
the structural reforms comprising the Belgian banking law of 25 April 2014 (as amended) on the 
status and supervision of credit institutions, the "Volcker rule" in the US, which restricts 
proprietary transactions, sponsorship and investment in private equity funds and hedge funds by 
US and foreign banks; 
 
regulations governing capital: the Capital Requirements Directive V (CRD5)/the Capital 
Requirements Regulation II (CRR2) adopted in May 2019, the international standard for Total 
Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) and designation of the parent company of BNPPF as a 
financial institution that is of systemic importance by the Financial Stability Board; 
 
the European Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Ordinance of 6 November 2014; 
 
the Directive of 16 April 2014 related to deposit guarantee systems and its delegated and 
implementing acts, the Directive of 15 May 2014 establishing a bank recovery and resolution 
framework, the Single Resolution Mechanism establishing the Single Resolution Council and the 
Single Resolution Fund; 
 
the Final Rule by the U.S. Federal Reserve imposing tighter prudential rules on the U.S. 
transactions of large foreign banks, notably the obligation to create a separate intermediary 
holding company in the U.S. (capitalised and subject to regulation) to hold their U.S. subsidiaries; 
 
the new rules for the regulation of over-the-counter derivative activities pursuant to Title VII of 
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, notably margin requirements 
for uncleared derivative products and the derivatives of securities traded by swap dealers, major 
swap participants, security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants, and 
the rules of the US Securities and Exchange Commission which require the registration of banks

--- Page 190 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
190 
and major swap participants active on derivatives markets as well as transparency and reporting 
on derivative transactions; 
 
the new Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID 2) and the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Regulation (MiFIR), and European regulations governing the clearing of certain 
over-the-counter derivative products by centralised counterparties and the disclosure of securities 
financing transactions to centralised bodies; 
 
the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which came into force on 25 May 2018. This 
regulation aims to move the European data confidentiality environment forward and improve 
personal data protection within the European Union. Businesses run the risk of severe penalties 
if they do not comply with the standards set by the GDPR. This regulation applies to all banks 
and companies providing services to European citizens; and 
 
the finalisation of Basel 3 published by the Basel committee in December 2017, introducing a 
revision to the measurement of credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment 
(CVA) risk for the calculation of risk-weighted assets. These measures are expected to come into 
effect in January 2022 and will be subject to an output floor (based on standardised approaches), 
which will be gradually applied as of 2022 and reach its final level in 2027.. 
Moreover, in this strengthened regulatory context, the risk of non-compliance with existing laws and 
regulations, in particular those relating to the protection of the interests of customers and personal data, 
is a significant risk for the banking industry, potentially resulting in significant losses and fines. In 
addition to its compliance system, which specifically covers this type of risk, the BNP Paribas Group 
places the interest of its customers, and more broadly that of its stakeholders, at the heart of its values. 
Thus, the code of conduct adopted by the BNP Paribas Group in 2016 sets out detailed values and rules 
of conduct in this area.  
6.  TREND INFORMATION 
6.1. Significant change or material adverse change 
Save as disclosed in this document, including with respect to the impact that the health crisis resulting 
from the coronavirus (COVID-19) may have as further set out in paragraph 6.2 below, there has been: 
(i) 
no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 31 December 2019; 
and  
(ii) 
no material adverse change in the financial position, business or prospects of the Issuer on a 
consolidated basis since 31 December 2019. 
6.2. Health – COVID-19  
A viral or bacteriological infection that is potentially resistant to antibiotics, antiviral drugs or other 
treatments is an increasing possibility and could lead to preventive measures and disruptions to trade. 
Such infections could cause infrastructure and production line failures, with consequences for all 
stakeholders. 
A novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged in China in December 2019 and has since 
spread to numerous countries throughout the globe; the World Health Organization declared the 
outbreak a pandemic in March 2020. Both the outbreak and government measures taken in response 
(border closings, travel restrictions, confinement measures…) have had and may continue to have a 
significant impact, both direct and indirect, on economic activity and financial markets globally. The 
slowdowns of the economies particularly affected (e.g., China, Italy, France, Spain and other European 
countries, the United States, the United Kingdom…) as well as the reduction in global trade and

--- Page 191 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
191 
commerce more generally have had and are likely to continue to have negative effects on global 
economic conditions as global production, investments, supply chains and consumer spending are 
affected and further restrictions are implemented. 
In response to the adverse economic and market consequences of the pandemic, various governments 
and central banks have taken or announced measures to support the economy (loan guarantee schemes, 
tax payment deferrals, expanded unemployment coverage…) or to improve liquidity in the financial 
markets (increased asset purchases, funding facilities…). The BNP Paribas Group is mobilized to 
channel these measures and support customers in particular in the Domestic Markets’ networks. No 
assurance can be given, however, that such measures will suffice to offset the negative effects of the 
pandemic on the economy regionally or globally, to stave off regional or global recessions or to stabilize 
financial markets. The economic environment may well deteriorate further before beginning to improve. 
The BNP Paribas Group is exposed to risks from the pandemic and its economic and market 
consequences both due to its inherent general sensitivity, as a global financial institution, to 
macroeconomic and market conditions, as well as to specific implications, as described below. 
BNPPF’s results and financial condition could be adversely affected by reduced economic activity and 
potentially recessions in its principal markets. 
In response to the COVID-19-crisis, several moratoria have been granted to clients. Those moratoria 
mostly consist in payment suspension of a few months. At 30 June 2020, BNP Paribas Fortis’ exposure 
to loans subjects to moratoria stands at EUR 15.2 billion. 
The distribution of the residual maturities reflects the measures adopted in the countries where BNP 
Paribas Fortis operates. At 30 June 2020, the residual maturity of 95% of the moratoria was less than 6 
months. 
At 30 June 2020, loans subject to moratoria granted to households amount to EUR 4.5 billion and to 
non-financial amount to EUR 10.2 billion. 
In millions of euros 
30 June 2020
Gross carrying amount 
Accumulated impairment, accumulated negative 
changes in fair value due to credit risk  
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Performing  
Non performing  
Performing  
Non performing  
Of which: 
exposures with forbearance measures 
Of which: 
Instruments with significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition but not credit-impaired (Stage 2) 
Of which: 
exposures with forbearance measures 
Of which: 
Unlikely to pay that are not past-due or past-due <= 90 days  
Of which: 
exposures with forbearance measures 
Of which: 
Instruments with significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition but not credit-impaired (Stage 2) 
Of which: 
exposures with forbearance measures 
Of which: 
Unlikely to pay that are not past-due or past-due <= 90 days  
Inflows to  
non-performing exposures 
Loans and advances subject 
to moratorium 
15,19
6 
15,13
4 
195 2,013 
62 
16 
18 
(102)
(96)
(12) 
(59) 
(6) 
(2) 
(2) 
62 
Of which Households 
4,492 4,470 
13 
862 
22 
2 
11 
(26)
(23)
(1) 
(17) 
(3) 
- 
(1) 
22 
of which collateralised by 
residential immovable property 
3,979 3,961 
3 
769 
19 
2 
11 
(13)
(12)
- 
(10) 
(1) 
- 
- 
19

--- Page 192 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
192 
Of which Non-financial corporations 10,21
7 
10,17
7 
180 1,077 
40 
14 
7 
(73)
(70)
(11) 
(41) 
(4) 
(1) 
(1) 
40 
of which small and Medium-sized 
Enterprises 
4,664 4,636 
136 
576 
29 
9 
7 
(53)
(50)
(10) 
(30) 
(3) 
(1) 
(1) 
29 
of which collateralised by 
commercial immovable property 
2,579 2,576 
32 
316 
3 
1 
3 
(8)
(8)
(1) 
(4) 
- 
- 
- 
3 
 
In millions of euros 
30 June 2020
Number of 
obligors 
Gross carrying amount 
Of which: 
legislative 
moratoria 
Of which: 
expired 
Residual maturity of moratoria 
<= 3 months 
> 3 months 
<= 6 months 
> 6 months 
<= 9 months 
> 9 months 
<= 12 months 
> 1 year 
Loans and advances for which 
moratorium was offered 
205,822 
15,799 
Loans and advances subject to 
moratorium (granted) 
197,864 
15,196 
1,663 
555 
9,895 
4,612 
60 
38 
36 
of which: Households 
4,492 
397 
- 
2,446 
2,016 
1 
1 
29 
    of which: Collateralised by 
residential immovable property 
3,979 
58 
- 
2,049 
1,930 
- 
- 
- 
of which: Non-financial corporations 
10,217 
1,265 
552 
7,133 
2,428 
59 
37 
7 
    of which: Small and Medium-sized 
Enterprises 
4,664 
1,182 
517 
3,300 
794 
12 
34 
6 
    of which: Collateralised by 
commercial immovable property 
2,579 
69 
1 
1,997 
581 
- 
- 
- 
 
At 30 June 2020, the amount of loans subject to public guarantee schemes granted by BNP Paribas 
Fortis stands at EUR 0.5 billion, mainly in Belgium and Turkey. Related guarantees stand at EUR 0.4 
billion, with residual maturities essentially between 6 to 12 months. At 30 June 2020, the public 
guarantee schemes cover all the range of sectors. 
In millions of euros 
30 June 2020
Gross carrying amount 
Maximum amount 
of the guarantee 
that can be 
considered 
Gross carrying 
amount 
of which: forborne Public guarantees 
received 
Inflows to  
non-performing 
exposures 
Newly originated loans and advances subject to 
public guarantee schemes 
466 
- 
365 
- 
of which: Households 
32 
- 
of which: Collateralised by residential immovable property 
2 
- 
of which: Non-financial corporations 
404 
- 
316 
- 
of which: Small and Medium-sized Enterprises 
271 
- 
of which: Collateralised by commercial immovable property 
35 
- 
The new Corona-virus and subsequent countermeasures wreaked havoc on the Belgian economy. 
The recently revised national accounts put GDP in the second quarter of this year 15% below the level 
at the end of 2019. 
A lack of demand impacts sectors across the board but the highest turnover losses were reported in 
client facing business, like restaurants, bars and event-organisers. 
The first signs point towards a strong but incomplete recovery in the 3rd quarter, with a quarterly growth 
estimated in excess of 10%. 
In terms of total recovery since the onset of the crisis, the Belgian economy was in the 3rd quarter close 
to if somewhat below the neighbouring countries.

--- Page 193 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
193 
Structural damage so far remains invisible in the hard data, with especially the expanded and extended 
temporary unemployment regime playing a big part in keeping the unemployment rate stable this year. 
Bankruptcies are expected to increase but so far this has not materialised. 
Public financials have deteriorated, as they did in almost all advanced economies and the newly formed 
De Croo-government will have its work cut out to get the deficit down again over the next couple of 
years. 
For more information, please also refer to the paragraph “Epidemics and pandemics, including the 
ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their economic consequences may adversely affect the 
BNPPF's business, operations and financial condition (Global Criticality: high)”of the risk factors on 
page 37 of this Base Prospectus. 
7. PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
N/A 
8. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES, AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT 
8.1. General 
Composition Board of Directors and Executive Board 
The competences of the Board of Directors are set forth in the Banking Law and the regulations of the 
NBB, both to be read as ‘lex specialis’ versus the CCA, which is to be considered as the ‘lex generalis’. 
In general, the Board of Directors (Raad van Bestuur/Conseil d’Administration) is responsible for 
BNPPF.  Furthermore, the Board of Directors, in accordance with article 23 of the Banking Law defines 
and controls a.o. (i) the strategy and goals of BNPPF, (ii) the risk policy (including the risk appetite) of 
BNPPF, (iii) the organisation of BNPPF for the provision of investment services and activities, (iv) the 
integrity related policies, BNPPF’s internal governance memorandum, the policy on suitability criteria 
and assessments and its Corporate Governance Policy. 
As provided for in the Belgian Banking Law and in the Articles of Association, an Executive Board has 
been set up (directiecomité/comité de direction), composed exclusively out of directors. The members 
of the Executive Board are also referred to as ‘executive directors’. 
On 8 October 2020, the Board of Directors had 16 members, of which 10 members are non-executive 
and 6 members are executive. For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address for each of 
the members of the Board of Directors is Rue Royale 20, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address of all members of the Board of Directors 
of BNPPF is Rue Royale 20, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
On 8 October 2020, the composition of the Board of Directors was as follows: 
Ten Non-Executive members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Start first mandate 
End mandate 
Herman Daems 
Director and Chairman 
2009 
2024 
Thierry Laborde 
Director 
2015 
2023

--- Page 194 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
194 
Dirk Boogmans 
Director 
2009 
2024 
Antoinette 
d’Aspremont 
Lynden 
Director 
2012 
2024 
Sophie Dutordoir 
Director 
2010 
2023 
Thierry Varène 
Director 
2009 
2024 
Stefaan Decraene 
Director 
2013 
2021 
Sofia Merlo 
Director 
2016 
2024 
Dominique Aubernon 
Director 
2016 
2024 
Titia Van Waeyenberge 
Director 
2019 
2023 
Six Executive members, composing also the Executive Board (Directiecomité/Comité de Direction): 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Start first mandate 
End mandate 
Maxime Jadot 
Member of the Board of 
Directors and Chairman of 
the Executive Board 
2011 
2023 
Daniel de Clerck 
Member of the Executive 
Board 
2019 
2023 
Didier Beauvois 
Member of the Executive 
Board 
2014 
2023 
Piet Van Aken 
Member of the Executive 
Board 
2016 
2024 
Michael Anseeuw 
Member of the Executive 
Board 
2018 
2022 
Stéphane Vermeire 
Member of the Executive 
Board 
2018 
2022 
Composition Executive Committee

--- Page 195 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
195 
The Executive Committee consists of 13 members, the six members of the Executive Board in their 
respective responsibilities, together with seven heads of businesses or support services (reporting line 
between brackets). The Executive Committee (ExCo) has been set-up to assist the Executive Board 
with the fulfilment of its role and responsibilities and to advise the Executive Board if and when needed. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address for each of the members of the Executive 
Committee is Rue Royale 20, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Start current function 
Maxime Jadot 
Chairman of the Executive  
Committee 
(specific 
responsibilities 
include 
global responsibility for all 
banking 
activities, 
in 
particular, 
banking 
activities 
in 
Belgium, 
Finance, Tax, Compliance, 
Legal, 
Branding 
& 
Communications, 
Transformation 
Office, 
Data, Secretary General, 
Audit and HR for key 
resources) 
2011 
Michael Anseeuw  
Head of Retail Banking 
2014 
Didier Beauvois  
Head 
of 
Corporate 
& 
Institutional Banking 
2016 
Daniel de Clerck  
Chief Operating Officer 
(Group functions) (specific 
responsibilities 
include, 
HR, IT & Operations) 
2019 
Piet Van Aken  
Chief Risk Officer 
2016 
Stéphane Vermeire  
Head of Private Banking 
and Wealth Management 
2013 
Dirk Beeckman  
Head of Transformation 
Office 
2018 
Marc Camus  
Chief Information Officer 
2018 
Jo Coutuer 
Chief Data Officer 
2016

--- Page 196 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
196 
Carine De Nys 
Chief Compliance Officer 
2016 
Khatleen Pauwels  
Head of E2E Operations 
2019 
Franciane Rays 
Chief Financial Officer 
2018 
Sandra Wilikens 
Head of HR & Company 
Engagement 
2018 
 
Composition Audit Committee (as per 8 October 2020) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate Audit Committee 
to assist the Board of Directors with audit (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competences of the Audit Committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and the Belgian 
Code on Companies and Associations and are listed herewith: provision of information, finance 
monitoring, internal control and risk management, internal audit and external audit. The Audit 
Committee shall, upon request of the Board of Directors, assist (which includes making 
recommendations to) the Board of Directors in all audit and accounting related matters. 
Members:

--- Page 197 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
197 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Antoinette 
d’Aspremont Lynden 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee; 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
Dominique Aubernon 
Member of the Audit 
Committee; non-
executive director 
Dirk Boogmans 
Member of the Audit 
Committee; 
independent, non-
executive director 
 
Composition Risk Committee (as per 8 October 2020) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate Risk Committee 
to assist the Board of Directors with risk (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The Risk Committee shall assist and make recommendations to the Board of Directors in all risk 
(related) matters. In particular, the Risk Committee reports to the Board of Directors on all major 
litigations and regulatory developments it has been informed with. 
Several special competences of the Risk Committee are set forth in article 29 of the Belgian Banking 
Law and are listed herewith: (i) strategy and risk appetite, (ii) price setting and (iii) remuneration policy. 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Dirk Boogmans 
Chairman of the Risk 
Committee; 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
Dominique Aubernon 
Member of the Risk 
Committee; 
non-
executive director 
Titia 
Van 
Waeyenberge 
Member of the Risk 
Committee;  
independent, 
non-
executive director 
 
Composition Governance and Nomination Committee (as per 8 October 2020) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate Governance and 
Nomination Committee to assist the Board of Directors with governance and nomination (related) 
matters.

--- Page 198 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
198 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competences of the Governance and Nomination Committee are set forth in the Banking Law and 
the regulations of the relevant supervisor and include being capable of rendering a sound and 
independent judgment on the composition and functioning of the Board of Directors and other 
management bodies of BNPPF and specifically on the individual and collective expertise of their 
members, their integrity, reputation, independence of mind and availability. 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Sophie Dutordoir 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Governance 
and 
Nomination Committee; 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
 
Herman Daems 
Member 
of 
the 
Governance 
and 
Nomination Committee;  
chairman of the Board 
of Directors 
 
Titia 
Van 
Waeyenberge 
Member 
of 
the 
Governance 
and 
Nomonaion Committee; 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
Composition Remuneration Committee (as per 8 October 2020) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate Remuneration 
Committee to assist the Board of Directors with remuneration (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competences of the Remuneration Committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and include 
being capable to provide a sound and independent judgement on the remuneration policies and reward 
practices and related incentives taking into account risk control, net equity needs and liquidity position. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Sophie Dutordoir 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee;

--- Page 199 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
199 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
 
Antoinette 
d’Aspremont Lynden 
Member 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee; 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
 
Thierry Laborde 
Member 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee; 
non-
executive director 
Details of the nature of any family relationship between any of the members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies  
There are no family relationships between any of the members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies.  
 12.1.8 
Management expertise 
For more information on the management expertise of the above members of the supervisory bodies, 
see the corporate website of BNPPF https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/your-bank/directors. The 
information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference herein, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
12.1.9 
Names of all companies and partnerships members of the Board of Directors or 
the Executive Committee where those persons have been a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies or partner at any time in the previous five years, 
indicating whether or not the individual is still a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies or partner (and as confirmed per 8 October 2020) 
 
Name 
Company/Partnership + 
Capacity/Function 
When? 
Still a member 
(Y/N) 
Herman Daems 
Domo Investment Group NV, 
Director & Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Since 2011 
Y 
Unibreda NV, Director & 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Since 2013 
Y 
Maxime Jadot 
BNPP, Member of the 
Executive Committee 
Since 2011 
Y 
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2012 
Y

--- Page 200 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
200 
Baltisse NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
Bekaert NV, Director 
1997-2019 
N 
Michael Anseeuw 
Bancontact Payconiq Company 
NV, Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Isabel NV, Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Belgian Mobile ID NV, 
Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private 
Equity Belgium NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
AG Insurance NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
Alpha Credit NV, Director 
Since 2008 
Y 
Lets Didid NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
B-Hive.eu NV, Director 
2017-2018 
N 
Antoinette 
d’Aspremont 
Lynden  
Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA, 
Director 
Since 2011 
Y 
Dominique 
Aubernon 
BNP Paribas Securities 
Services SCA, Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
BNP Paribas US Wholesale 
Holding, Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Exane SA, Director 
Since 2019 
Y 
Didier Beauvois  
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private 
Equity Belgium NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
Dirk Boogmans 
Vinçotte International NV, 
Director 
Since 2013 
Y 
Vinçotte Inter NV SO, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
Vinçotte Controlatum 
Since 2020 
Y 
Vinçotte Academy NV 
Since 2020 
Y 
Vinçotte NV 
Since 2020 
Y 
Smile Invest NV, member of 
the Investment Committee 
Since 2017  
Y

--- Page 201 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
201 
Smile Invest Management 
Company NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
Newton Biocapital NV, 
Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Daniel de Clerck 
Isabel NV, Director 
Since 2016 
Y 
Bancontact Payconiq Company 
NV, Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Batopin NV, Director 
Since 2020 
Y 
Stefaan Decraene 
Bank of the West, Director 
Since 2011 
Y 
Bank West Holding 
Since 2016 
Y 
Bank West Corporation, 
Director 
2011-2019 
N 
BNPP, Member of the 
Executive Committee 
Since 2011 
Y 
TEB Holding SA, Director 
Since 2013 
Y 
Bank BNP Paribas SA 
(Poland), Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
BNP Paribas USA Inc., 
Director 
Since 2016 
Y 
Ardo Holding NV, Director 
Since 2016 
Y 
Sophie Dutordoir 
Nationale Maatschappij der 
Belgische Spoorwegen SA, 
Managing Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
Eurogare SA, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
HR Rail SA, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
THI Factory SA, Director & 
Chairwoman of the Board of 
Directors 
Since 2017 
Y 
Thalys International SA, 
Director & Chairwoman of the 
Board of Directors 
Since 2017 
Y 
Aveve SA, Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Eurostation SA, Director 
2017-2018 
N 
Bpost SA, Director 
2013-2017 
N

--- Page 202 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
202 
Valeo SA, Director 
2013-2017 
N 
Poppeia BVBA, Director 
2014-2017 
N 
Thierry Laborde 
BNPP, Member of the 
Executive Committee 
Since 2011 
Y 
Arval Service Lease SA, 
Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro 
SPA, Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions 
SA, Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
BNP Paribas Lease Group SA, 
Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
BNP Paribas Real Estate SA, 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Since 2016 
Y 
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
Financière des Payements 
Electronique SA, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
LYF SAS, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
Sofia Merlo  
Banque Marocaine pour le 
Commerce et l’Industrie SA, 
Director 
Since 2013 
Y 
Bank BNP Paribas SA 
(Poland), Director  
Since 2019 
Y 
Line Data Services SA, 
Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
BNP Paribas Real Estate 
Investment Management 
France SA, Director 
2014- 2018 
N 
Piet Van Aken 
Arval Service Lease SA, 
Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private 
Equity Belgium NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Y 
BNP Paribas Factoring 
Coverage Europe Holding BV, 
Director 
2014-2018 
N 
Titia Van 
Waeyenberge 
De Eik NV, Director and 
Chairwoman of the Board of 
Directors 
Since 2017, 
resp.2018 
Y

--- Page 203 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
203 
Paratodos NV, Managing 
Director 
Since 2009 
Y 
Indufin Capital Partners Sicar, 
Director 
Since 2016 
Y 
Tattersal Leasing SA, Director 
Since 2015 
Y 
Indufin Investment Fund NV, 
Director 
Since 2019 
Y 
Thierry Varène 
BNPP, Member of the 
Executive Committee 
Since 2000 
Y 
BNP Paribas UK Holding Ltd, 
Director 
2008-2019 
N 
Stéphane Vermeire 
Procomin SA, Director and 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Since 2016 
Y 
Aciers Crustin SA, Director and 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Since 2014 
Y 
Vermeire Aandrijvingen NV, 
Director and Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Since 2016 
Y 
Vermeire Transmissions SA, 
Director and Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Since 2012 
Y 
BNP Paribas Asset 
Management Holding SA, 
Director (as permanent 
representative of BNP Paribas 
Fortis) 
Since 2017 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis Foundation, 
Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Bank BNP Paribas (Poland), 
Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Guisquare SPRL, Director 
Since 2018 
Y 
Details of any convictions in relation to fraudulent offences for at least the previous five years of 
any member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies 
To the best of BNPPF’s knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has been convicted in relation to fraudulent offences for the last five years.  
Details of any bankruptcies, receiverships, liquidations or companies put into administration in 
respect of any member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies who acted in 
one or more of those capacities for at least the previous five years

--- Page 204 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
204 
To the best of the BNPPF’s knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has fallen in the scope of this section for the last five years. 
Details of any official public incrimination and/or sanctions involving any member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies by statutory or regulatory authorities 
(including designated professional bodies) and whether they have ever been disqualified by a 
court from acting as a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of an 
issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any issuer for at least the 
previous five years 
To the best of the BNPPF’s knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has been subject to an official incriminaton nor has been sanctioned by statutory or regulatory 
authorities, nor have been disqualified by a court from acting as a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the 
affairs of any issuer for at least the previous five years.   
8.2.  Conflicts of interests 
General 
To the best of BNPPF’s knowledge, and besides those conflicts indicated hereafter, no other conflicts 
of interest exist between any duties to BNPPF of the persons set out above and their private interests 
and/or other duties disclosed hereafter. However, functional conflicts of interest may exist due to roles 
held by these persons in other affiliates of BNPPF. 
Pages 125-126 of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF (non consolidated) (incorporated by reference in 
this  Base Prospectus), being the information related to srticle 7:96 of the Belgian Code on Companies 
and Associations relates to the “Remuneration and benefits awarded to the BNPPF Executive Directors” 
which was a decision of meetings held by the Board of Directors of BNPPF on 13 March 2019, as well 
as to the “Hold harmless” of the newly appointed directors, which was a decision of meetings held by 
the Board of Directors of BNPPF on 25 April 2019 and 12 December 2019. 
Reference is also made to article 72 of the Belgian Banking Law that has introduced a strict framework 
regarding contracts, credits, guarantees and loans to be granted to certain identified persons. BNPPF 
does strictly comply with this legislation. 
Any arrangement or understanding with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others, 
pursuant to which any member of the Board of Directors was selected as a member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies or member of senior management 
To the best of BNPPF’s knowledge, there are no such known arrangements with major shareholders, 
customers, suppliers or others, pursuant to which any member of the Board of Directors was selected 
as a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies or member of senior 
management. 
Details of any restrictions agreed by any member of the Board of Directors or Executive 
Committee on the disposal within a certain period of time of their holdings in BNPPF’s securities 
To the best of the BNPPF’s knowledge, there are no such restrictions. 
8.3. Declaration regarding corporate governance 
BNPPF is of the opinion that it complies with the large majority of the requirements of the 2020 Belgian 
Code on Corporate Governance. The main remaining deviation relates to Principle 8 of the Code “The 
company shall treat all shareholders equally and respect their rights.” The reason that makes the 
company unable to comply with all the provisions of Principle 8 of this Code lies within the structure

--- Page 205 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
205 
of the shareholdership of BNPPF. Specifically, BNPP, a public limited company (société anonyme), 
having its registered office address at boulevard des Italiens 16, 75009 Paris, France, registered under 
number 662 042 449 RCS Paris, holds 99.94% of the shares of BNPPF. The remaining 0.06% of the 
shares is held by minority shareholders. Nevertheless, BNPPF communicates on an ongoing basis with 
its various stakeholders through its website and other media and actively answers to the questions raised 
by its minority shareholders in the framework of the general shareholders’ meetings. 
BNPPF’s Corporate Governance Charter is available at www.bnpparibasfortis.com. 
8.4. Potential material impacts of the corporate governance 
BNPPF does not foresee any potential material changes for the corporate governance, including future 
changes in the board and committees composition. 
9. REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS 
For a detailed overview of the remuneration and benefits of the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies, see Note 8f on pages 149 to 152 of the Annual Report 2019 of 
BNPPF, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
10. BOARD PRACTICES 
The Board Practices are described in Section 9 (Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies, 
and Senior Management) of this Base Prospectus. 
11. EMPLOYEES 
11.1. Number of employees 
BNP Paribas Fortis is part of BNP Paribas, a leading bank in Europe with an international reach. BNP 
Paribas has a presence in 71 countries, with approximately 199,000 employees, of which more than 
151,000 in Europe.  About 11,000 employees work for BNPPF. 
11.2. Shareholdings and stock options and description of any arrangements for involving the 
employees in the capital of BNPPF 
See the Notes 1j (Employee Benefits) and 1k (share-based payment) on pages 73 to 75 of the Annual 
Report 2019 of BNPPF.  
12. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
12.1. Notifiable interests 
BNPPF is owned for 99.94 per cent. BNPP and for 0.06 per cent. by minority shareholders. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, BNPPF did not receive any notifications pursuant to article 7:225, 
last paragraph of the Code of Companies and Associations and article 14, paragraph 4 of the law of 2 
May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholders or pursuant to article 5 of the Royal Decree of 24 
August 2008 on the rules for certain multilateral trading facilities. 
12.2. Existence of different voting rights 
The major shareholders do not have different voting rights. 
12.3. Control of BNPPF 
As also provided under Section 12.3 (Declaration regarding corporate governance) and Section 16.1 
(Notifiable interests), BNPPF is controlled by BNNP who holds 99.94% of the shares of BNPPF and

--- Page 206 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
206 
the remaining 0.06% of the shares is held by minority shareholders. In order to ensure such control is 
not abused, BNPPF communicates on an ongoing basis with its various stakeholders through its website 
and other media and actively answers to the questions raised by its minority shareholders in the 
framework of the general shareholders’ meetings. Further, the Board of Directors of BNPPF is also 
determined to protect the interests of all its shareholders at all times and to provide them with the 
necessary information and facilities to exercise their rights, in compliance with the Code of Companies 
and Associations. 
See in this respect Section 1 (Compliance with the Code) of Chapter “Corporate Governance 
Statement” on page 32 of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
12.4. Description of any arrangements, known to BNPPF, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control of BNPPF 
N/A 
13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Please see the Board of Directors’ procedure described on page 202 of the Annual Report 2019 of 
BNPPF.    
For an overview of the transactions between BNPPF and its related parties, see  Section 8.g (Other 
related parties) of the Annual Report 2018 and of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. BNPPF further confirms that there are no transactions 
with related parties which are not at arm’s length. 
14. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING BNPPF’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
14.1. Historical financial information 
Audited historical financial information and audit reports 
Please refer to the Section “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Selected historical key financial information in relation to BNPPF: 
Comparative Annual Financial Data – In millions of EUR 
 
31/12/2019 
(audited) 
31/12/2018 
(audited) 
Revenues 
8,036 
8,053 
Cost of risk 
(454) 
(395) 
Net income 
2,618 
2,345

--- Page 207 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
207 
Net 
income 
attributable 
to 
shareholders 
2,212 
1,932 
Total consolidated balance sheet 
313,195 
291,320 
Shareholders' 
equity 
(without 
minority interests) 
22,985 
22,274 
Consolidated 
loans 
and 
receivables due from customers 
187,998 
179,267 
Consolidated 
items 
due 
to 
customers 
184,378 
174,389 
Tier 1 Capital 
19,100 
19,685 
Tier 1 Ratio 
13.9% 
14.2% 
Total Capital 
21,706 
22,472 
Total Capital Ratio 
15.8% 
16.3% 
BNPPF 2019 Financial Results 
In 2019, BNPPF's consolidated net income amounted to EUR 2,212 million, up 14.5% compared to last 
year. When excluding non-recurrent items (related to the net gain on the sale of Von Essen Bank GmbH, 
the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the scope changes and one-off results), the underlying net income 
showed an increase of 7.9%1. 
The below analysis focuses on this underlying evolution. 
In 2019, BNPPF's revenues amounted to EUR 8,036 million, up 4.1% compared to 2018. 
- 
In Belgium2, revenues decreased slightly by -0.4%1 due to lower margins on deposits at Belgian 
Retail Banking (BRB), impacted by the persistently low interest rate environment, almost offset 
by a strong growth in credit volumes and higher fees. 
- 
Revenues increased by 9.2%1 in other business lines essentially driven by the continued 
development of Arval, Leasing Solutions, Personal Finance and the business in Turkey. 
Luxembourg benefitted from both organic growth and the integration of Wealth Management 
activities (ex-ABN Amro Luxembourg).  
                                                     
 
1 Excluding non-recurrent items, i.e. at constant scope, constant exchange rates, and excluding other one-off results. 
2 Belgium includes Belgian Retail Banking, Corporate and Institutional Banking and other activities of BNPPFin Belgium.

--- Page 208 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
208 
Costs amounted to EUR 4,754 million, up 1.8%1 compared to 2018.  
- 
In Belgium, costs decreased by -2.8%1 on the back of the significant effect of the transformation 
plan, with a reduction in headcount and the optimisation of the branch network, partly offset by 
inflation.  
- 
In other business lines, costs increased by 8.5%1 mainly at Arval and Leasing Solutions to 
support the business development. They also increased in Luxembourg (due to wealth 
management integration) and in Turkey (due to the impact of inflation).  
Overall gross operating income increased by 7.5%1 to EUR 3,282 million. The consolidated 
cost/income ratio3 stood at 59.2% compared to 60.2% in 2018. In Belgium, this ratio stood at 66.0% 
compared to 67.3% in 2018. 
The cost of risk increased to EUR 454 million, corresponding to 22 basis points on average outstanding 
customer loans, to be compared to 20 basis points in 2018, which was particularly low. 
- 
In Belgium, the cost of risk was higher, as 2018 benefitted from provision write -backs. 
Nevertheless, it remained at a low level of 4 basis points. 
- 
Outside Belgium, the cost of risk increased, mainly in Turkey due to the poor performance of 
the economy.  
The share of earnings of equity-method entities was up by 28.1%1, at EUR 254 million, mainly due to 
an increased contribution from Poland, which benefitted from synergies related to the integration of 
Raiffeisen Bank activities, and from AG Insurance. 
Corporate income tax was 5 0%1 higher. The effective tax rate stood at 24% (at the same level as last 
year). 
BNPPF generated EUR 2,212 million in net income attributable to equity holders, up 7.9%1 compared 
to 2018. 
The BNPPF balance sheet totalled EUR 313 billion as at 31 December 2019, an increase of EUR 22 
billion compared to the end of 2018, reflecting the strong business activity. 
As at 31 December 2019, BNPPF's Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.2%, well above the 
regulatory requirements (compared to 13.9% as at 31 December 2018). BNPPF's Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) stood at 127%4 (compared to 141% as at 31 December 2018). Both ratios reflect the solid 
financial structure of the bank and the dynamic management of its liquidity and solvency.  
Change of accounting reference date 
The accounting reference date has not been changed during the last three financial years. 
Accounting standards 
The consolidated financial statements of BNPPF mentioned in Section 18.1.1 (Audited historical 
financial informaiton and audit reports) have been prepared according to International Financial 
                                                     
 
3 The cost income ratio is calculated by dividing the total operating expenses and depreciation (absolute value) by the total revenues (the net 
banking income), without excluding the non-recurrent items. 
4 On a non-consolidated basis.

--- Page 209 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
209 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 
(IFRS).  
Change of accounting framework 
N/A 
National accounting standards 
As confirmed under Section 18.1.3 (Accounting standards), the consolidated financial statements of 
BNPPF mentioned in Section 18.1.1 (Audited historical financial informaiton and audit reports) have 
not been pepared according to national accounting standards, but according to IFRS. 
Consolidated financial statements 
BNPPF prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial statements. Only the consolidated 
financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet of the 2019 audited consolidated financial statements are dated as at 31 December 
2019. 
14.2. Interim and other financial information 
BNPPF has published a consolidated interim financial statement for the first half of 2020, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
14.3. Auditing of historical annual financial information 
15.3.1 General 
The consolidated financial statements of BNPPF mentioned above have been independently audited 
and the audit reports mentioned in Section “Audited historical financial informaiton and audit reports” 
have been prepared in accordance with the Directive 2014/56/EU of the European Parliament and 
Council Directive 2014/56/EU of the European Parliament and Council of 16 April 2014 amending 
Directive 2006/43/EC on statutory audits of annual accounts and consolidated accounts (OJ L 158, 
27.5.2014, p. 196) and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission 
Decision 2005/909/EC (OJ L 158, 27.5.2014, p. 77). 
15.3.2 Audit of other information 
No information (other than the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF mentioned in Section 
“Audited historical financial informaiton and audit reports”) in this Base Prospectus has been audited 
by the statutory auditor. 
15.3.3 Extraction of financial information 
N/A 
14.4. Pro forma financial information 
There has not been a siginificant gross change since the end of the last accounting year. As a result, no 
pro forma financial information needs to be disclosed. 
14.5. Dividend policy

--- Page 210 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
210 
15.5.1 Policy and restrictions 
N/A 
15.5.2 Amount of the dividend 
BNPPF paid a dividend of EUR 1,487mio in 2019 and of EUR 1,622 in 2018. 
14.6. Legal and arbitration proceedings 
BNPPF is currently involved in various litigations and investigations as summarized in its note to its 
consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2019 (see the Annual Report 2019 
of BNPPF, under Chapter “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2019”, 8. “Additional 
information”, 8.a Contingent liabilities: legal proceedings and arbitration, on page 141, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
15. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
15.1. Share capital 
Please see the statement of changes in shareholders’equity between 1 January 2018 and 31 December 
2019 on page 50 of the Annual Report 2019 of BNPPF 
15.2.  Memorandum and articles of association 
Register, entry number and BNPPF’s objects and purposes 
BNPPF is registered in the Register of Legal Entities of Brussels under the number 0403.199.702. 
As stated in article 3 of its Articles of Association, BNPPF's object is to carry on the business of a credit 
institution, including brokerage and transactions involving derivatives. It is free to carry out all 
businesses and operations which are directly or indirectly related to its purpose or which are of a nature 
that benefit the realisation thereof. BNPPF is free to hold shares and share interests within the limits set 
by the legal framework for banks. 
16. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Nor BNPPF, nor any of its subsidiaries, have entered into any material contracts that create an obligation 
or commitment for BNPPF and/or its subsidiaries, other than contracts entered in the ordinary course 
of business, during the two years immediately preceding publication of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 211 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
211 
SECTION 16 - TAXATION 
Belgium  
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations of acquiring, holding and 
selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven. This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. In some cases, different rules may apply. 
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Mortgage Pandbrieven that are 
redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or redemption of such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption. 
Furthermore, this description is based on current legislation, published case law and other published 
guidelines and regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future 
amendments, which may or may not have retroactive effect. 
The prospective Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders are urged to consult their own professional advisers 
with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven, taking into account 
their own particular circumstances and the possible impact of any regional, local or national laws. 
General 
For the purpose of the below summary, a Belgian resident is (a) an individual subject to Belgian 
personal income tax (i.e. an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in 
Belgium, or a person assimilated to a Belgian resident for purposes of Belgian tax law), (b) a legal entity 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a company that has its main establishment or its seat of 
effective management or control in Belgium and that is not excluded from corporate income tax), (c) 
an Organisation for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a Belgian pension 
fund incorporated under the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (d) a legal entity subject 
to Belgian income tax on legal entities (i.e. an entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate income 
tax, having its main establishment or its seat of effective management or control in Belgium). A Belgian 
non-resident is any person that is not a Belgian resident.  
For Belgian income tax purposes, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid 
by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or 
upon purchase by the Issuer), (iii) if the Mortgage Pandbrieven qualify as "fixed income securities" (in 
the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992) in case of a sale of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven between two interest payment dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of 
accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. "Fixed income securities" are defined as bonds, 
specific debt certificates issued by banks ('kasbon' / 'bon de caisse') and other similar securities, 
including securities where income is capitalised or securities which do not generate a periodic payment 
of income but are issued with a discount corresponding to the capitalised interest up to the maturity date 
of the security. 
Belgian withholding tax 
General 
The interest component of payments on the Mortgage Pandbrieven made by or on behalf of the Issuer 
is as a rule subject to Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent. on the gross amount of 
such interest. Both Belgian domestic tax law and applicable tax treaties may provide for a lower or zero 
rate subject to certain conditions. 
Belgian interest withholding tax exemption for certain holders of Dematerialised Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (X/N withholding tax exemption)

--- Page 212 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
212 
The holding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the X/N clearing system of the NBB (the Securities 
Settlement System) permits investors to collect interest on their Mortgage Pandbrieven free of Belgian 
withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are held by certain types of investors (the Eligible Investors, see below) in an exempt 
securities account (X-account) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or 
indirect participant (a Participant) in the Securities Settlement System of the Nationale Bank van 
België/Banque Nationale de Belgique. Euroclear and Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, 
Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs are directly or indirectly 
Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Mortgage Pandbrieven through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors 
to receive the interest income on their Mortgage Pandbrieven free of Belgian withholding tax and to 
transfer the Mortgage Pandbrieven on a gross basis.  
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
(as amended from time to time) on the deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 
over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à 
la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier), which include inter alia:  
(i) 
Belgian resident companies referred to in article 2, §1, 5°, b) Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992 
(wetboek van inkomstenbelastingen 1992 / code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (BITC); 
(ii) 
Without prejudice to article 262,1° and 5° of the BITC, the institutions, associations or companies 
referred to in article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the control of insurance companies other 
than those referred to in 1° and 3°; 
(iii) 
Semi-governmental institutions (institutions parastatales / parastatalen) for social security or 
institutions assimilated therewith, as referred to in article 105, 2° of the Royal Decree of 27 
August 1993 implementing the BITC (RD/BITC); 
(iv) 
Non-resident investors referred to in article 105, 5° RD/BITC; 
(v) 
Investment funds referred to in article 115 of the RD/BITC; 
(vi) 
Investors referred to in article 227, 2° BITC, that are subject to non-resident income tax (belasting 
van niet-inwoners / impôt des non-résidents) in accordance with article 233 of the BITC and 
which have used the Mortgage Pandbrieven for the exercise of their professional activities in 
Belgium; 
(vii) The Belgian State, in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in 
accordance with article 265 BITC; 
(viii) Investment funds governed by foreign law (such as fonds de placement / beleggingsfondsen) that 
are an undivided estate managed by a management company for the account of the participants, 
provided the funds units are not publicly issued in Belgium or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident companies, not referred to under (i), whose sole or principal activity consists of 
the granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident individuals and Belgian non-profit 
organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must keep the Mortgage Pandbrieven which they hold 
on behalf of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account (N-account). In such instance

--- Page 213 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
213 
all payments of interest are subject to withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent. This withholding 
tax is withheld by the NBB from the interest payment and paid to the tax authorities. 
Transfers of Mortgage Pandbrieven between an X-account and an N-account give rise to certain 
adjustment payments on account of withholding tax: 
(i) 
A transfer from an N-account (to an X-account or N-account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transfering non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued interest calculated 
from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
(ii) 
A transfer from an X-account (or N-account) to an N-account gives rise to the refund by the NBB 
to the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued interest calculated from 
the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
(iii) 
Transfers of Mortgage Pandbrieven between two X-accounts do not give rise to any adjustment 
on account of withholding tax. 
When opening an X-account for the holding of Mortgage Pandbrieven, an Eligible Investor will be 
required to certify its eligible status on a standard form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance 
and send it to the participant to the Securities Settlement System where this account is kept. This 
statement needs not be periodically reissued (although Eligible Investors must update their certification 
should their eligible status change). Participants to the Securities Settlement System are however 
required to annually report to the NBB as to the eligible status of each investor for whom they hold 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in an X-account during the preceding calendar year. 
An X-Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven that such intermediary holds for the account of its clients, provided that such clients are 
Eligible Investors. In such case, the intermediary must certify to the Securities Settlement System 
Participant on a form approved by the Minister of Finance that (a) the intermediary itself is an Eligible 
Investor and (b) the relevant client holding its Mortgage Pandbrieven through the intermediary is also 
an Eligible Investor. 
These reporting and identification requirements do not apply to Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven 
held by Eligible Investors with Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, 
Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs acting as Participants to the Securities 
Settlement System, provided that they only hold X-accounts and that they are able to identify the holders 
for whom they hold Mortgage Pandbrieven in such account. The Eligible Investors will need to confirm 
their status as Eligible Investor (as defined in Article 4 of the Koninklijk Besluit van 26 mei 1994 over 
de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/Arrêté Royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la 
perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier (Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction 
and indemnification of withholding tax)) in the account agreement to be concluded with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs. Moreover, the contracts concluded by Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX 
SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, InterBolsa, Portugal or any other NBB investor (I)CSDs should 
contain the commitment that all of their clients-accountholders qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian interest withholding tax exemption for certain holders of Registered Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
Payments of interest and principal by the Issuer under the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven (except 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven and other Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven which provide for the 
capitalisation of interest) may be made without deduction of withholding tax provided that the following 
conditions are cumulatively met (Article 107, §2, 5°, b) and 8°, and Article 118, §1, 1°, 2° and 3° of the 
RD/BITC):

--- Page 214 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
214 
(i) 
the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven are registered in the name of the holder with the Issuer 
during the entire relevant Interest Period; 
(ii) 
the 
holder 
is 
the 
legal 
owner 
(eigenaar/propriétaire) 
or 
usufructuary 
(vruchtgebruiker/usufruitier) of Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which it is 
entitled to payment of interest, uninterruptedly for the entire relevant Interest Period;  
(iii) 
the holder is either (A) not resident for tax purposes in Belgium and does not use the income 
producing assets to exercise a business or professional activity in Belgium; or (B) a financial 
institution or institution which is assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 1º of the 
RD/BITC; or (C) a state regulated institution (parastatale/institution parastatale) for social 
security, or institution which is assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the 
RD/BITC; and 
(iv) 
upon each interest payment, the holder must provide the Issuer with an affidavit in which it is 
certified that the conditions mentioned above are complied with. 
If Belgian withholding tax was levied by the Issuer further to non-compliance of condition (ii) above, 
then the transferor and/or the transferee have the right, subject to certain time limitations and provided 
conditions (i) and (iii) are fulfilled, to file a claim with the Belgian tax authorities to request a refund of 
Belgian withholding tax on the pro rata amount of interest attributable to them (Article 119, §1 of the 
RD/BITC). 
Belgian income tax and capital gains 
Belgian resident individuals 
For individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to the Belgian personal 
income tax (Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), payment of the 30 per cent. interest 
withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal income tax liability with respect to interest 
received on the Mortgage Pandbrieven (précompte mobilier libératoire/bevrijdende roerende 
voorheffing). This means that they do not have to report the interest obtained from the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in their personal income tax return, provided that Belgian withholding tax was in fact 
levied on the interest. 
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to report the interest in their personal income tax 
return. Where the beneficiary opts to report the interest, interest payments will normally be taxed at a 
separate tax rate of 30 per cent. (or at the progressive personal tax rates taking into account the taxpayer's 
other reported income, whichever is more beneficial). If the interest payment is reported, the Belgian 
withholding tax retained may be credited in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle tax exempt, unless the 
capital gains are realised outside the scope of the management of the transferor’s private estate or unless 
the capital gains qualify as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Different tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven as a private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporate Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who are Belgian residents for tax 
purposes, i.e. who are subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting / impôt des 
sociétés), as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are taxable at the 
ordinary corporate income tax rates (the normal corporate tax rate is 25 per cent. as of assessment year 
2021, which is linked to a taxable period starting at the earliest on 1 January 2020, but a lower rate of

--- Page 215 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
215 
20 per cent. on the first EUR 100,000 of their taxable base is applicable to small and medium-sized 
enterprises under certain conditions again as of assessment year 2021). Any Belgian interest 
withholding tax retained will generally, subject to certain conditions, be creditable against any corporate 
income tax due and the excess amount will be refundable. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC.  
Other Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des 
personnes morales) which do not qualify as Eligible Investors and/or which do not hold the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven through an X-account in the Securities Settlement System are subject to a withholding tax 
of 30% on any interest payments received under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Such withholding tax then 
generally constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant beneficiaries. 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors and which hold the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
through an X-account in the Securities Settlement System, and which consequently have received gross 
interest income on the Mortgage Pandbrieven are required to report and to pay the 30% withholding tax 
to the Belgian tax authorities themselves. Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are in principle tax exempt, unless and to the extent the capital gains qualify as interest (as 
defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Organisation for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (OFP) in the meaning of the 
Law of 27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement 
provision, are in principle not included in the OFP’s corporate income tax base and are therefore, as a 
rule, not subject to corporate income tax at the level of the latter. Subject to certain conditions, the 
Belgian withholding tax that may have been levied on the interest due under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
Belgian non-residents 
Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax 
purposes and are not holding the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven through a Belgian 
establishment and do not invest the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven in the course of their Belgian 
professional activity will not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by 
reason only of the acquisition, ownership or disposal of the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and hold their Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven 
through an X-account in the Securities Settlement System. 
If the Dematerialized Mortgage Pandbrieven are not entered into an X-account by the Eligible Investor, 
withholding tax on the interest is in principle applicable at the current rate of 30 per cent., possibly 
reduced pursuant to Belgian domestic tax law or applicable tax treaties, on the gross amount of the 
interest. 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are 
not holding the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven through a Belgian establishment, do not invest the 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven in the course of their Belgian professional activity and do not carry 
out any other activities in Belgium that exceed the normal management of one’s private estate will not 
incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition,

--- Page 216 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
216 
ownership or disposal of the Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, save, as the case may be, in the form 
of withholding tax. 
Exchange of information: Common Reporting Standard 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (CRS). On 29 September 
2020, 109 jurisdictions signed the MCAA, which is a multilateral framework agreement to 
automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges 
coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
More than 50 jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as from 2018. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made 
with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities 
(which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard 
includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative 
cooperation in direct taxation (DAC2), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial 
information between EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on 
administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, per the Law of 16 December 
2015. 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies 
in Belgium (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member 
States (including Austria, irrespective the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria 
towards other EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 
(first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii), with respect to any other jurisdictions 
that have signed the MCAA, as of a date to be further determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree 
of 14 June 2017, as amended, it was determined that the automatic provision of information has to be 
provided as from 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of 18 jurisdictions, and as from 2018 
(for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions. For Nigeria, information is exchanged 
as of income year 2018 (first information exchange in 2019) and for another list of 6 countries, the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information applies as of income year 2019 (first information 
exchange in 2020). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are subject to DAC2. Therefore, Belgian financial institutions holding 
Mortgage Pandbrieven for tax residents in another CRS contracting state shall report financial 
information regarding the Mortgage Pandbrieven (income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian 
competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the state of 
the tax residence of the beneficial owner.  
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions  
A tax on stock exchange transactions (beurstaks/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) is due on the 
purchase and sale (and any other transaction for consideration) of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on a 
secondary market if such transaction is either concluded or carried out in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary. The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases of Mortgage

--- Page 217 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
217 
Pandbrieven in Belgium through a professional intermediary is 0.12%. with a maximum amount of 
EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any such 
transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional 
intermediary. The acquisition of Mortgage Pandbrieven upon their issuance (primary market) is not 
subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
Following the Law of 25 December 2016, the scope of application of the tax on stock exchange 
transactions has been extended as of 1 January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the 
order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside Belgium by (i) a 
private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or 
establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a Belgian Investor). In such a scenario, the tax on stock 
exchange transactions is due by the Belgian Investor (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock 
exchange tax return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due), unless the 
Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid 
by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In such a case, the foreign professional 
intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction 
concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate 
must be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying daytoday 
listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium 
could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (Stock Exchange Tax Representative). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then 
be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions due and for complying 
with the reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) 
in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange 
transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock 
exchange transactions. 
Furthermore, a tax on repurchase transactions (taks op de reportverrichtingen/taxe sur les reports) at 
the rate of 0.085% is due from each party to any such transaction entered into or settled in Belgium in 
which a stockbroker acts for either party (with a maximum amount of Euro 1,300 per transaction and 
per party). 
However, neither the tax on stock exchange transactions nor the tax on repurchase transactions is 
payable by exempt persons acting for their own account including investors who are not Belgian 
residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their 
non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in Article 126/1 2° of the Code 
of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Code des droits et taxes divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen) 
for the tax on stock exchange transactions and Article 139, second paragraph, of the same code for the 
tax on repurchase transactions. 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (FTT). The Draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the Participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions 
other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 
on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should 
thus be abolished if and once the FTT enters into force. The Draft Directive is still subject to negotiation 
between the Participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. The Draft Directive 
is further described below (see the section entitled “Financial Transaction Tax”). 
Value Added Tax

--- Page 218 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
218 
Pursuant to Article 44, §3, 10°, of the Belgian Value Added Tax Code, the transactions, including the 
negotiation, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are exempt from value added tax, with the exception of 
custody and management activities. 
Exchange of information: FATCA (U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act) 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) impose a new 
reporting regime with respect to certain payments to any non-U.S. financial institutions (a "foreign 
financial institution", or FFI (as defined by FATCA)) (i) in a jurisdiction that has not signed an 
intergovernmental agreement (IGA) or (ii) in a jurisdiction that has not reached agreements in substance 
and that did not become a Participating FFI by entering into an agreement with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service (IRS) and is not otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA. The 
list of approved jurisdictions and jurisdictions that have reached agreements in substance can be 
consulted 
on 
the 
IRS’ 
website: 
http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/tax-
policy/treaties/Pages/FATCA-Archive.aspx. The Issuer is classified as a reporting Model 1 FFI. The 
information contained on the website of the U.S. Internal Revenue Services (www.treasury.gov) does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The new withholding regime was phased in beginning 1 July 2014 for payments from sources within 
the United States and will thus not apply to foreign passthru payments. In a later phase, it might be 
possible that withholding would apply to foreign passthru payments.  
In execution of the FATCA legislation, an Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) was signed on 23 April 
2014 between Belgium and the United States and a Belgian law implementing the FATCA legislation 
was adopted by the Belgian legislator (Wet tot regeling van de mededeling van inlichtingen betreffende 
financiële rekeningen, door de Belgische financiële instellingen en de FOD Financiën in het kader van 
automatische uitwisseling van inlichtingen op internationaal niveau en voor belastingdoeleinden/Loi 
réglant la communication des renseignements relatifs aux comptes financiers, par les institutions 
financières belges et le SPF Finances, dans le cadre d'un échange automatique de renseignements au 
niveau international et à des fins fiscales of 16 December 2015). This law implies that Belgian financial 
institutions holding the Mortgage Pandbrieven for “U.S. accountholders” and for “Non-U.S. owned 
passive Non Financial Foreign entities” shall report financial information regarding the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate 
the information to the U.S. tax authorities. 
FATCA is particularly complex. The above description is based in part on regulations, official 
guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or may be implemented in a 
materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these 
rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY 
NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN 
TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF 
AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THE 
TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE 
PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED 
HEREIN; AND (C) THE TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE 
TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISER. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and

--- Page 219 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
219 
Slovakia (the Participating Member States). On 8 December 2015, Estonia however expressed its 
intention not to introduce the FTT.  
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could apply to certain dealings in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Mortgage Pandbrieven should, however, be exempt.  
Under the proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
The Issuer is a financial institution incorporated in Belgium and therefore financial institutions 
worldwide may be subject to the FTT when dealing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Joint statements issued by the Participating Member States indicate an intention to implement the FTT 
progressively, such that it would initially apply to shares and certain derivatives. The FTT, as initially 
implemented on this basis, may not apply to dealings in the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
The proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
timing remains unclear. The proposed FTT may still be abandoned or repealed. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. Given the lack of certainty surrounding the proposals and their 
implementation, it is not possible to predict what effect the proposed FTT might have on the business 
of the Issuer; it could materially adversely affect its business. Prospective Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Holders are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
New annual tax on securities accounts 
The federal government has recently announced its intention to introduce a new “annual tax on 
securities accounts”, the preliminary draft law of which has been approved by the Council of Ministers 
on 2 November 2020. On the basis of the information that is currently available, this tax (the rate of 
which would be 0.15%) would apply to securities accounts with a value of at least 1 million EUR, and 
regardless of whether the holder of the account is a natural person or a legal entity. Depending on the 
circumstances, the tax may also be due by certain non-residents. It is expected that the value of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will have to be taken into account in determining the value of a securities 
account. The draft legislation introducing this new annual tax on securities accounts is not yet publicly 
available so that further details should be awaited. The draft legislation also still has to be adopted by 
Belgian parliament and therefore further changes (including in relation to the basic principles set out 
above) cannot be excluded. A specific anti-abuse provision targeting certain specific situations is 
expected to be adopted in this law having a retroactive effect as of 30 October 2020. Prospective 
investors are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the possible impact 
of the new annual tax on securities accounts on their own personal tax position.

--- Page 220 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
220 
SECTION 17 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
The Dealer, in a programme agreement dated on or about the date hereof (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time the Programme Agreement), will agree with the Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” 
and “Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” above. In the Programme Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealer for certain of its expenses in connection with the establishment 
of the Programme and the issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.  
Selling restrictions 
General 
The Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Mortgage Pandbrieven under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries. None of the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer nor the Dealer represents that Mortgage Pandbrieven may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
In particular (but without limiting the generality of the above), subject to any amendment or supplement 
which may be agreed with the Issuer in respect of the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer has agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, to comply with the 
following provisions except to the extent that, as a result of any change in, or the official interpretation 
of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-compliance would not result in any breach of the 
applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the MIFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 221 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
221 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in Belgium. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA where the Prospectus Regulation is applicable (each a 
Relevant Member State), the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including the 
date on which the Prospectus Regulation entered into force, it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven with a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Relevant Member State. 
United States 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been or will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
as amended (the Securities Act) and the Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Mortgage Pandbrieven of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent by the 
relevant Dealer, or, in the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Mortgage Pandbrieven during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven within the United States by any dealer may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer reserve the right to reject 
any offer to purchase the Mortgage Pandbrieven, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base 
Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person 
within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the

--- Page 222 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
222 
Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is 
prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven which have a maturity of less than one year from the 
date of issuance, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any such Mortgage Pandbrieven other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issuance of the Mortgage Pandbrieven would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the UK FSMA 2000) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the UK FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issuance 
or sale of any Mortgage Pandbrieven in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the UK FSMA 
2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the UK FSMA 2000 with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be acquired by a Belgian or foreign transferee who is not 
subject to income tax or who is, as far as interest income is concerned, subject to a tax regime that is 
deemed by the Belgian tax authorities to be significantly more advantageous than the common Belgian 
tax regime applicable to interest income (within the meaning of Articles 54 and 198, §1, 11° of the 
Belgian Income Tax Code 1992) or who is resident or established, or is acting through a bank account 
held in a tax haven country or a low-tax jurisdiction (within the meaning of Article 307, §1/2 of the 
Belgian Income Tax Code 1992). 
Switzerland 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or 
from Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or 
regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven constitutes a prospectus as such term is 
understood pursuant to Article 652a or Article 1156 of the Swiss Federal Code of Obligations or a 
listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd., and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Japan 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act”). Accordingly, the Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or

--- Page 223 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
223 
indirectly offered, or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations 
of Japan.

--- Page 224 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
224 
 
 
SECTION 18 – GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
85% Asset Coverage Test, 11, 69, 101 
ABS, 86 
Accrual Yield, 101 
Adjourned Meeting, 153 
Agency Agreement, 19, 100 
Agents, 100, 133 
All Sums Mortgage, 47, 89 
Amortised Face Amount, 126 
Annuity Residential Mortgage Loan, 88 
Asset Coverage Percentage, 101 
Banking Law, 1, 58, 101 
Base Prospectus, 1, 101 
Basic Term Change, 138 
Belgian Company Code, 102 
Belgian Covered Bond, 58 
Belgian Covered Bond Regulations, 8, 60, 102 
Belgian Pandbrief, 59 
BITC, 212 
Block Voting Instruction, 138 
BNP Paribas Fortis, 1, 99 
BNPPF, 1 
Borrowers, 9 
Business Day, 102 
Calculation Agency Agreement, 20, 102 
Calculation Agent, 5, 102, 115 
Clearing Services Agreement, 20, 100 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 1, 19, 97, 112 
Code, 124 
Collections, 64 
Commercial Mortgage Loans, 68 
Commercial real estate, 68 
Competent Authority, 5, 99 
Conditions, 16, 99, 138, 160 
Cover Asset Adequacy Test, 11, 102 
Cover Assets, 10, 102 
Cover Pool Administrator, 6, 65, 102 
Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree, 59, 
102 
Cover Pool Creditors, 102 
Cover Pool Monitor, 5, 73, 102 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, 19 
Cover Register, 72, 103 
Cover Tests, 11, 103 
Covered Bond Law, 58 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree, 59, 103 
CRD Directive, 86 
Credit Facility, 47, 89 
Credit Institutions Insolvency Directive, 49 
Day Count Fraction, 103 
Dealer, 6 
Dealers, 6 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven, 1, 
16, 97, 105, 112 
Designated Maturity, 115 
Determination Date, 105 
Determination Period, 105 
Domiciliary Agent, 6, 100 
Early Redemption Amount, 105 
ECB Eligible, 105 
EEA, 19, 86 
Eligible Investor, 105 
Eligible Investors, 212 
EURIBOR, 115 
Euro, 105 
Euroclear, 1, 19, 97, 98, 112, 113, 123, 136, 
175, 212, 213, 228 
Eurozone, 115 
Event of Default, 12, 105, 130 
Excess Swap Collateral, 14, 105 
Exempt Investor, 105, 130 
Exempt Mortgage Pandbrieven, 55, 99 
Existing Programme, 1, 99 
Extended Maturity Date, 12, 44 
Extraordinary Resolution, 105, 138 
Final Redemption Amount, 12, 44, 105 
Final Terms, 1, 16, 99 
Fixed Day Count Fraction, 105 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, 17 
Floating Rate, 115 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, 17 
Floating Rate Option, 115 
FSMA, 1, 18, 227 
General Authorisation, 60 
General Description, 5 
General Estate, 9, 63, 108 
Hedging Agreements, 20, 85, 100 
Hedging Counterparties, 85, 100 
Hedging Counterparty, 6

--- Page 225 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
225 
Holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven, 109 
Independent Source, 54 
Initial Term, 82 
Interest Amount, 117 
Interest Basis, 114 
Interest Commencement Date, 17, 108 
Interest Determination Date, 108 
Interest Payment Date, 108 
Interest Period, 108 
Interest Period End Date, 108 
Interest-Only Residential Mortgage Loan, 
88 
Investment Insurance Policy, 89 
Investor Report, 10, 114 
Investor Report Date, 10, 114 
ISDA Definitions, 115 
ISDA Determination, 115 
ISDA Rate, 115 
Issue Date, 16, 108 
Issue Price, 17 
Issuer, 1, 6, 99 
Junior Liquidity Amount, 15, 108 
Linear Residential Mortgage Loan, 88 
Liquidity Facility Agreements, 20, 85, 100 
Liquidity Facility Provider, 6 
Liquidity Facility Providers, 85, 100 
Liquidity Test, 11, 70, 108 
Listing Agent, 6, 100 
Margin, 17, 108 
Maturity Date, 12 
Maximum Rate of Interest, 108 
Meeting Rules, 108, 134, 138 
MiFID, 1, 18 
Minimum Rate of Interest, 108 
Mobilisation Law, 60, 108 
Monte Titoli, Italy, 19, 97, 112 
Mortgage, 6 
Mortgage Act, 76 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, 1, 7, 99 
Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders, 109 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders 
Representative Agreement, 19, 100 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Holders’ 
Representative, 75, 78, 100 
N-account, 212 
NBB, 5, 97, 99 
NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation, 60, 109 
NBB Covered Bonds Regulation, 59, 109 
Non-Retained Programme, 8, 9, 99 
Notice of Default, 13, 109, 131 
OECD, 68, 86 
OFP, 215 
Operational Creditors, 6, 109 
Ordinary Resolution, 109, 138 
Other Cover Pool Creditors, 109 
Over-Collateralisation Test, 11, 69, 109 
Participant, 212 
Participating Member States, 219 
Paying Agent, 7, 100 
Payment Day, 124 
Power of Attorney, 149 
Principal Amount Outstanding, 110 
Priority of Payments, 131 
Programme, 1, 7, 99 
Programme Agreement, 20, 220 
Programme Documents, 77, 101 
Programme Resolution, 110, 139 
Prospectus Regulation, 1, 2, 5, 18, 22, 54, 56, 
94, 99, 159, 160, 161, 171, 174, 220, 221, 
227, 228 
Rate of Interest, 110 
Rating Agency, 7, 110 
RD/BITC, 212 
Recognised Accountholder, 139 
Reconstitution Insurance Policy, 89 
Reconstitution Residential Mortgage Loan, 
88 
Record Date, 110, 123 
Reference Banks, 110 
Reference Price, 110 
Reference Rate, 110 
Register, 10 
Registered Mortgage Pandbrieven, 1, 16, 97, 
110, 112 
Registrar, 97, 100 
Related Security, 9, 110 
Relevant Date, 130 
Relevant Member State, 221 
Renewal Period, 82 
Report, 145 
Reset Date, 115 
Residential Mortgage Loans, 9, 67, 110 
Residential real estate, 68 
Resolution, 110, 139 
Savings Insurance Policy, 89 
Screen Rate Determination, 110, 116 
Securities Act, 221 
Securities Settlement System, 19, 97, 110, 112, 
212

--- Page 226 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
226 
Series, 16, 99 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding, 110 
Settlement System Regulations, 110 
SIX SIS, Switzerland, 19, 97, 112 
Special Estate, 9, 63, 111 
Special Estate Administration Agreement, 20, 
100 
Special Estate Administration Terms, 83, 
100 
Specific Authorisation, 61 
Specified Currency, 111 
Specified Denomination, 113 
Specified Office, 111 
Specified Time, 111 
Stabilising Manager(s), 57 
Statutory Tests, 11, 111 
Subordinated Termination Payment, 15, 111 
Subscription Agreement, 83 
Sub-unit, 111 
Target2 System, 111 
Taxes, 128 
Tranche, 16, 99 
Treaty, 111 
UCITS Directive, 58 
UK FSMA 2000, 222 
Undertaking of the Issuer with regard to 
Liquidity of the Special Estate, 114 
VAT, 111 
Voting Certificate, 139 
Winding-up Proceedings, 111 
X-account, 212 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, 17

--- Page 227 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
227 
 
SECTION 19 – GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The update of the Programme and the issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) of the Issuer dated 3 June 2020 and 
resolutions of the Issuer’s Executive Board dated 24 April 2020.  
Listing and admission to trading of Mortgage Pandbrieven  
This document constitutes a listing base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
has been approved by the Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële 
Diensten en Markten/Autorité des services et marchés financiers) (the FSMA). This approval is not and 
should not be considered to be a judgement as to the appropriateness or the merits of any issue under 
the Programme, nor of the situation of the Issuer. 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Brussels. Application may also be made for Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on another market that is also a regulated market. 
The Programme also permits Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued on the basis that they (i) will not be 
admitted to listing, trading or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or (ii) will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other of further listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed by the Issuer. References in 
this Base Prospectus to Mortgage Pandbrieven being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that the Mortgage Pandbrieven have been listed on Euronext Brussels and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Brussels’ regulated market or on another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Documents available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and from 
the specified office of the Paying Agent (where applicable, with an English translation thereof): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Special Estate Administration Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders Representative Agreement; and 
(v) 
the Agency Agreement (including its Schedules). 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-pandbrief-programme) 
and 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus, including any information incorporated by reference herein; 
(ii) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years 
ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019;

--- Page 228 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
228 
(iii) 
the Issuer’s half-year report for the first six months ended on 30 June 2020; and 
(iv) 
any base prospectuses, information documents, supplements (in each case, including any 
information incorporated by reference therein) and Final Terms relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are listed on Euronext Brussels or offered in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation (whether or not listed on Euronext Brussels). 
Copies of each Final Terms (together with the relevant Base Prospectus) relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which are either admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or offered in any other Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available for 
viewing in accordance with Article 21(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and the rules and regulations of 
the relevant regulated market. Copies of each Final Terms relating to any other Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(together with the relevant Base Prospectus) will only be available for viewing by a holder of such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven upon production of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to the identity of such 
holder. 
Copies of any regulated information (as defined in Directive 2004/109/EC of 15 December 2004 on the 
harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended) published by the Issuer since the date falling 
twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, can be obtained on STORI, the Belgian official 
mechanism for storage of regulated information held by the FSMA, on the website https://stori.fsma.be. 
Financial Statements 
The financial statements for the years ending 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 of the Issuer 
have been audited by PwC Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Damien Walgrave, Partner, 
Woluwedal 18, B 1932 Sint-Stevens Woluwe, Brussels, in accordance with the laws of Belgium. They 
have issued an unqualified opinion with an explanatory paragraph on the consolidated financial 
statements for the year ending 31 December 2019. This opinion is included in the annual report. PwC 
is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Reviseurs d'Enterprises.  
Clearing Systems 
The Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven have been accepted for clearance through the Securities 
Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, Germany, SIX SIS, Switzerland, Monte Titoli, Italy, 
InterBolsa, Portugal or will be accepted through any other NBB investor (I)CSDs. The appropriate 
Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Dematerialised Mortgage Pandbrieven are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The address of the NBB is De Berlaimontlaan 14, 1000 Brussels, the address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard 
du Roi Albert III, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Germany is Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt S.A., Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany, the address of SIX SIS, 
Switzerland is SIX SIS Ltd, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4600 Olten, the address of Monte Titoli, Italy is 
Monte Titoli S.p.A., Piazza degli Affari, 6, Milan MI 20123 and the address of InterBolsa, Portugal is 
Av. Da Boavista 3433, 4100-078 Porto. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions.

--- Page 229 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
229 
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, 
which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Mortgage Pandbrieven Holders in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
being issued. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer will provide Investor Reports detailing, among other things, compliance with the Statutory 
Tests. 
This 
information 
will 
be 
available 
at 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/coveredbonds/retained-pandbrief-programme). The Investor 
Reports are not incorporated in and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and they have not been 
and will not be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 230 ---
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV – Retained Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 2020 Base Prospectus  
230 
THE ISSUER 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV  
Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
DOMICILIARY, PAYING AND LISTING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV  
Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
 
Stichting BNP Paribas Fortis Retained Pandbrieven Representative 
Prins Bernhardplein 200 
1097 JB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Mr. David De Schacht 3391 Tielt-Winge, Attenrodestraat 43 
and Mr. Jurgen De Raedemaeker 3210 Lubbeek, Molendries 42 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
 
To the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer as to Belgian law 
 
Stibbe CVBA 
Loksumstraat 25 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer 
 
PwC Bedrijfsrevisoren BV  
Woluwe Garden, Woluwedal 18 
1932 Zaventem 
Belgium