--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
(INCORPORATED AS A PUBLIC COMPANY WITH LIMITED LIABILITY (SOCIÉTÉ 
ANONYME/NAAMLOZE VENNOOTSCHAP) UNDER THE LAWS OF BELGIUM, ENTERPRISE 
NO. 0403.199.702, REGISTER OF LEGAL ENTITIES OF BRUSSELS - LEGAL ENTITY 
IDENTIFIER: KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647) 
AND 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
(INCORPORATED AS A SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME UNDER THE LAWS OF THE GRAND DUCHY 
OF LUXEMBOURG, REGISTERED WITH THE REGISTRY OF COMMERCE AND 
COMPANIES OF LUXEMBOURG UNDER NO. B24784 - LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER: 
549300J2UEC8CUFW6083) 
UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY GUARANTEED BY 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arranger and Dealer for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
This Base Prospectus is dated 1 June 2022

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
ABOUT THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following applies to Non-exempt Notes only. 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") describes a programme for the issue of debt securities named the Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") under which BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV ("BNPPF") and 
BNP Paribas Fortis Funding ("BP2F" and together with BNPPF, the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") may, 
from time to time, issue notes (the "Notes"). This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the 
Base Prospectus dated 3 June 2021. 
This Base Prospectus has been published by BP2F and BNPPF to allow them to offer Notes to the public in 
certain jurisdictions in Europe and/or to list Notes on a EU regulated market. As more fully described below, 
the content of this Base Prospectus is subject to the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Notes will be issued on an ongoing basis and in series (each a "Series") each comprised of tranche(s) 
(each a "Tranche") of Notes (a) that are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) that 
have either the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions that are the same in all respects apart from 
the amount and date of the first interest payment and the date from which interest starts to accrue. The Issuers 
will offer Notes through BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (as a Dealer). Additional dealers may be appointed under 
the Programme from time to time, for a specific Tranche of Notes or on an ongoing basis. The details of the 
relevant Dealer(s) relating to a specific Tranche of Notes will be given in the relevant Final Terms (as defined 
below). For further details, see the section entitled "Plan of Distribution" starting on page 158. The terms and 
conditions of the Notes (including the issue price, specified currency and the denomination) will be as agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Notes issued by BP2F will be guaranteed on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis by BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV (the "Guarantor"). 
You should read and understand fully the contents of this Base Prospectus, including any documents 
incorporated by reference, together with the applicable Final Terms before deciding whether to invest in any 
Notes. This document contains important information about the Issuers, the Guarantor and the terms of the 
Notes and the Guarantees. It also describes some of the risks relating to the Issuers and the Guarantor and their 
businesses, as well as other risks relating to an investment in the Notes (as further described in the section 
entitled "Risk Factors" starting on page 32) and is intended to provide investors with the information necessary 
to enable them to make an informed investment decision before purchasing any Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for one year from the date hereof and may be supplemented occasionally to 
reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
in it. 
What type of Notes does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issue of different types of Notes: 
1. 
Senior Notes, which constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
BP2F; 
2. 
Senior Preferred Notes, which constitute direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
(chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of BNPPF;

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
3. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which constitute direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
(chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of BNPPF; and 
4. 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, which constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
relevant Issuer. 
Any such issue of Notes may be: 
1. 
Fixed Rate Notes, on which the relevant Issuer will pay interest at a fixed rate; 
2. 
Floating Rate Notes, on which the relevant Issuer will pay interest at a floating rate; 
3. 
Zero Coupon Notes, which are issued at a discount and which do not pay interest; 
4. 
Variable Rate Notes, interest in respect of which is linked to the performance of one or more indices, 
currency exchange rates, underlying reference rates or formulae; 
5. 
Fixed Redemption Amount Notes, which are redeemable at par or at a premium or discount to par; or 
6. 
Variable Redemption Amount Notes, the redemption amounts in respect of which are linked to the 
performance of one or more indices, currency exchange rates, underlying reference rates or formulae. 
Notes may also be issued which are a combination of these options. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
The Prospectus Regulation requires that the Base Prospectus contains all material information which is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of (a) the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, 
financial position and prospects of the Issuers and (where applicable) the Guarantor, (b) the rights attaching 
generally to Notes issued under the Programme and (c) the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and the impact 
of such issuance on the relevant Issuer. The information in the Base Prospectus is completed, in respect of a 
particular Tranche of Non-exempt Notes, by a Final Terms document setting out details specific to that 
Tranche. A summary of the terms of the relevant Tranche will be attached to the relevant Final Terms where 
the Notes have a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) (unless such 
Notes are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors have access). Information in the Base Prospectus is completed, supplemented, 
modified or replaced, in respect of a particular issue of Exempt Notes, by a Pricing Supplement document (as 
defined below) that sets out details specific to that Tranche. References in this Base Prospectus to Pricing 
Supplements do not apply and may be disregarded in relation to Non-exempt Notes. 
The contractual terms of a particular Tranche of Notes will comprise the terms and conditions set out under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" starting on page 200 of this Base Prospectus (the 
"Conditions") and the provisions of any Global Note as set out under the heading "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to Global Notes and Certain Provisions with Respect to Dematerialised Notes" starting on page 336 
of this Base Prospectus, as completed by the applicable Final Terms (the Conditions, the provisions of any 
relevant Global Note together with the relevant Final Terms, the "Terms and Conditions"). 
This Base Prospectus includes information that is relevant to all types of Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. However, some of the sections only relate to particular types of Notes, as indicated therein, and 
the Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus comprise numbered provisions including generic provisions that 
are applicable to Notes generally and optional provisions which apply only to specific types of Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Part 1 of the Conditions: 
The following provisions within Part 1 of the Conditions (together with the introductory paragraphs which 
appear before Condition 1) apply to Notes generally: 
Condition 8 (Prescription) 
Condition 10 (Meeting of Noteholders, Modifications, Substitution, Waivers) 
Condition 11 (Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) 
Condition 12 (Further Issues) 
Condition 14 (Currency Indemnity) 
Condition 15 (Rounding) 
Condition 16 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) 
Condition 17 (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption) 
The following Conditions contain provisions which may apply to Notes generally but also contain certain 
optional provisions that will only apply to certain issues of Notes depending on, for example, the type of the 
Notes, the entity that will issue the Notes (BP2F or BNPPF) and the subordination level of the Notes: 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply in 
certain circumstances include: provisions which relate to Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Exchangeable Notes 
and to Dematerialised Notes 
Condition 2 (Exchanges of Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes): examples of provisions in this 
Condition which only apply in certain circumstances include: provisions which relate separately to Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes 
Condition 3 (Status and Guarantee): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply in certain 
circumstances include: provisions which relate separately to Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and to the related guarantees 
Condition 4 (Interest): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply in certain circumstances 
include: provisions which relate separately to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes and Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes and to Dual Currency Interest Notes 
Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Options): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply 
in certain circumstances include: provisions which relate separately to early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, 
Notes which provide for redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer, Notes which provide for redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders, Notes which provide for redemption by instalments and Dual Currency 
Redemption Notes 
Condition 6 (Payments and Talons): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply in certain 
circumstances include: provisions which relate separately to Bearer Notes, Dematerialised Notes and 
Registered Notes and to FX Disruption Events relating to Dual Currency Notes or to FX Settlement Disruption 
Events relating to Notes, the Settlement Currency in relation to which is one of certain designated Relevant 
Currencies

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Condition 7 (Taxation): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply in certain circumstances 
include: provisions which relate separately to Notes issued by BP2F or BNPPF and this Condition may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as not applying 
Condition 9 (Events of Default): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply in certain 
circumstances include:  provisions which relate separately to Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
Condition 13 (Notices): examples of provisions in this Condition which only apply in certain circumstances 
include: provisions which relate separately to Dematerialised Notes and Notes admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation 
Other Parts of the Conditions: 
Part 1 of the Conditions should be read together with the following other Part(s) of the Conditions depending 
on the structure of the Notes: 
Part 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts) containing the relevant formula or formulae to be used 
to determine the relevant interest amount(s) and/or the redemption amount of the Notes 
Part 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index-Linked Notes) containing additional provisions 
which are relevant where the interest amount(s) and/or the redemption amount of the Notes is/are linked to the 
performance of an underlying inflation index 
Part 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes) containing additional 
provisions which are relevant where the interest amount(s) and/or the redemption amount of the Notes is/are 
linked to the performance of an underlying foreign exchange rate 
Part 5 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes) containing additional 
provisions which are relevant where the interest amount(s) and/or the redemption amount of the Notes is/are 
linked to the performance of an underlying interest rate 
Investors should also refer to the table of contents (starting on page 16) listing and describing the sections of 
this Base Prospectus which contains a description of each such section. 
What other documents should I read? 
The Base Prospectus, together with the relevant Final Terms, contains all material information which is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, 
financial position and prospects of the Issuers and (where applicable) the Guarantor, the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and the impact of such issuance on the relevant Issuer. 
Some of this information (such as the latest publicly available information relating to the Issuers and the 
Guarantor) is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and some of this information is completed in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
You should read and understand fully the contents of this Base Prospectus, including any documents 
incorporated by reference, together with the applicable Final Terms before deciding whether to invest in any 
Notes. 
The Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto, and the Final Terms of any Tranches admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and 
issued under the Base Prospectus will be available (a) in the case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
www.bourse.lu, and (b) in the case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Regulated Market and/or the Brussels Regulated Market, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published at www.bnpparibasfortis.be. Additionally, the Base Prospectus, together with any supplements 
thereto, and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of BP2F will be available at www.bp2f.lu and the 
following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/offering-documents: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
each Clearing Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; and 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus or any further Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto. 
The Memorandum and Articles of Association of BNPPF will be available for inspection from 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/your-bank/about-us/article/articles-of-association. 
A copy of the Final Terms relating to any Notes will be available for inspection from www.bnpparibasfortis.be. 
See the section entitled "General Information" for a description of each of the Programme Documents. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Final Terms is the document that 
sets out the specific details of each particular Tranche of Notes. 
Each Final Terms will contain, amongst other things, the following information in respect of the Tranche of 
Notes to which it relates: 
(a) 
the issue date; 
(b) 
the specified currency and the issue price; 
(c) 
whether any applicable guarantee is subordinated or unsubordinated and whether the Notes will be 
subordinated Notes or not; 
(d) 
the maturity date; 
(e) 
where applicable, the interest basis and all relevant information required to calculate interest amounts 
(including interest payment dates) and the redemption amounts or the basis for calculating redemption 
amounts; 
(f) 
whether the Notes are redeemable prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor and/or the holders and the terms relating thereto; 
(g) 
whether or not the Notes will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by a competent authority 
stock exchange, and/or quotation system and, if so, the identity of the relevant competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(h) 
details of any Calculation Agent; and 
(i) 
any other information needed to complete the Conditions.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Wherever the Conditions provide optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify which of those provisions 
apply to a specific issue of Notes. 
Is any part of the Base Prospectus only relevant to particular types of Notes? 
This Base Prospectus includes information that is relevant to all types of Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. However, some of the sections only relate to particular types of Notes. 
The information under the heading "Restrictions and Conditions for the use of this Base Prospectus" starting 
on page 148 of the Base Prospectus only applies to Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) (other than such Notes which are to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors have access) 
which may be placed or otherwise offered by financial intermediaries, subject to the conditions described 
therein. 
Certain other information in the Base Prospectus applies to Exempt Notes (being Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under (i) the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) the UK Prospectus Regulation 
(as defined below)) and/or Non-exempt Notes (which are Notes for which a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation), in each case as further described below, as specified in the relevant 
section of the Base Prospectus. 
As described above, certain of the Conditions provide optional provisions that will only apply to some of the 
issues of Notes. The relevant Final Terms will specify which optional provisions within the Conditions will 
apply to a specific issue of Notes. 
What if I have further queries relating to this Base Prospectus and the Notes? 
If you have any questions about the content of this Base Prospectus, you should seek professional advice from 
a broker, solicitor, accountant or an independent financial adviser before deciding whether to invest.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
The following applies to all issues of Notes. 
The Base Prospectus 
This document is a Base Prospectus that has been prepared for the Programme. It comprises two base 
prospectuses, the BNPPF Base Prospectus and the BP2F Base Prospectus. Both are defined below and each, 
as periodically revised, supplemented or amended by the Issuers and/or the Guarantor, constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Therefore, Notes issued under the 
Programme may be offered to the public or/and admitted to trading on a regulated market. The term 
"regulated market" used in this document means a regulated market as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (as amended) (Directive 2014/65/EU). When used in this Base Prospectus, "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The BNPPF base prospectus (the "BNPPF Base Prospectus") consists of this Base Prospectus except for: 
(a) 
the information in the sections entitled "Description of BNP Paribas Fortis Funding" and "Description 
of the Guarantee"; and 
(b) 
BP2F's audited annual accounts for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021 and the cash flow statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021 (as incorporated by reference at paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 of the section entitled "Information 
Incorporated by Reference in this Base Prospectus"). 
The BP2F base prospectus (the "BP2F Base Prospectus") consists of this Base Prospectus. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions below. This does not affect any 
Notes already issued or any Notes issued after the date of this Base Prospectus and forming a single Series 
with Notes issued before that date. This Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with any supplement 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents or information incorporated by reference in it (see 
"Information Incorporated by Reference in this Base Prospectus") and must be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms, as described below. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, offers to the public and listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Luxembourg Financial Sector 
Supervisory Authority, (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier) (the "CSSF") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation, for the purpose of giving information about the issue of Notes 
("Non-exempt Notes") under the Programme during the twelve-month period after the date of approval of this 
Base Prospectus. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuers or the Guarantor. The CSSF 
has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Notes admitted to 
trading on the multilateral trading facilities of the Euro MTF (as defined below). 
The CSSF has been asked to provide the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the "Belgian 
FSMA") and the French Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") (in their respective capacities as the 
relevant host Member States' competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) with a

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation for the purposes of the offer and admission to trading on a regulated market of Non-exempt Notes 
in those Member States. The CSSF may be asked occasionally to provide certificates of approval attesting that 
the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the competent 
authorities of other Member States. 
Because this Base Prospectus has been approved as a Base Prospectus and published as provided below, Non-
exempt Notes issued under the Programme pursuant to this Base Prospectus may be offered to the public, in 
accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to listing on the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) (the "Luxembourg Regulated Market") or on the 
professional segment of the Luxembourg Regulated Market. Application may also be made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (the "Brussels 
Regulated Market") under the Prospectus Regulation during the twelve-month period after the date of 
approval of this Base Prospectus. The Luxembourg Regulated Market (including the professional segment of 
the Luxembourg Regulated Market) and the Brussels Regulated Market are each a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. Application may also be made for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on other regulated markets. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 1 June 2023 in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
(the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation applies only to Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or that are to be offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") only applies to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") and/or that are to be offered to 
the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 
86 of the FSMA. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus 
is required to be published under (i) the Prospectus Regulation and/or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 
June 2017 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), as the 
case may be. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of this Base Prospectus with 
respect to Exempt Notes as a base prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 
2019 on prospectuses for securities (the "Prospectus Act 2019"). Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (including Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the 
"Euro MTF") (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF) during the twelve-month period after the 
date of approval of this Base Prospectus. The Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Under the Programme, Notes may be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or on the basis that they 
will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems agreed with the Issuers. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) mean that the relevant 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market, the Brussels Regulated Market 
and/or the Euro MTF, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
About the Notes 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Non-exempt Notes will be set out in a final terms document which will 
be completed at the time of the agreement to issue each Tranche of Notes and which will constitute final terms 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Final Terms"). Each Final Terms will be filed with the 
CSSF and copies of Final Terms relating to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on that exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). If any of the terms relating to an issue of Notes 
constitute a "significant new factor" relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, either (i) a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus setting out the relevant terms will be submitted for approval or (ii) those 
terms, together with all the other necessary information in relating to the relevant series of Notes, will be set 
out in a prospectus relating to the relevant Notes (a "Drawdown Prospectus") which will be drafted as a single 
document and will incorporate by reference any relevant parts of this Base Prospectus. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Exempt Notes will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the 
"Pricing Supplement"). In respect of Exempt Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the 
Exempt Notes of the relevant Tranche and published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and will also be available from www.bnpparibasfortis.be. Copies of such Pricing 
Supplements will be available from the office of the Fiscal Agent (or in the case of X/N Notes, the Domiciliary 
Agent and the Paying Agent). 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms", "relevant Final Terms" or "applicable Final Terms" 
will be deemed to include a reference to "Pricing Supplement", "relevant Pricing Supplement" or "applicable 
Pricing Supplement" in relation to Exempt Notes, to the extent applicable. 
Distribution of the Notes 
The Issuers will offer Notes through BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (the "Dealer", which expression shall include 
any additional dealers appointed under this Programme from time to time, either for a specific Tranche of 
Notes or on an ongoing basis). An issue of Notes may also be underwritten by two or more Dealers on a several 
basis only or on a joint and several basis. Details of the Dealer(s) in relation to each Tranche will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. For further details, please refer to the section entitled "Plan of Distribution" 
starting on page 158. 
In relation to an offer of Non-exempt Notes, each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for 
the content of this Base Prospectus only in relation to investors who purchase such Notes in an offer made by 
a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), subject to certain conditions. The price at which the 
relevant Notes are offered will be agreed between the relevant investor and the Dealer or Authorised Offeror 
that makes the offer. Any offer of Non-exempt Notes made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is 
unauthorised and you should check with the relevant offeror whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus in relation to the relevant offer. You should take legal advice if you are in any doubt about whether 
you can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or about who is responsible for its contents.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Notes issued under the Programme and the relevant Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any other applicable state 
securities laws and may be Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes are 
being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and, until the 
expiry of the period of 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all of the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche, may not be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are a "U.S. 
person", as defined in Regulation S except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Responsibility Statement 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in order to give information about the Issuers, the Guarantor, their 
respective subsidiaries (if any) and the Notes. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of each Issuer and the 
Guarantor (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Notices 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", together with the provisions of any Global Note (if applicable), as (i) completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or (ii) completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a separate Drawdown Prospectus, as 
described in the section entitled "Explanation of Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes the terms of which are set out in a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms must be read and 
understood as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any documents or 
information incorporated by reference in it (see "Information Incorporated by Reference in this Base 
Prospectus") and must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. The Issuers and the 
Guarantor have not authorised the making of any representation or the provision of any information about the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or the Notes unless the representation or information is contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or unless the Issuers or the Guarantor have approved 
the representation or information for that purpose. Any such representation or information should not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct after the date of publication of the Base 
Prospectus or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied, or if different, the date given in the information.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Legal restrictions may apply to the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers require persons who receive this Base 
Prospectus to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Notes issued under the Programme and the relevant Guarantees have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or any other applicable state securities laws and may be Notes in bearer form that 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act and, until the expiry of the period of 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of all of the Notes of the relevant Tranche, may not be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, persons that are a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S except in accordance with Regulation 
S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and 
on distribution of this Base Prospectus please refer to the section entitled "Plan of Distribution". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for or purchase, any Notes. The Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms should not be considered as a recommendation from the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers 
to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Anyone receiving this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms will be 
considered to have investigated and appraised the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (unless acting as an obligor under the Programme, 
as specified below) has authorised all or part of this Base Prospectus; nor have they separately verified all 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in it. None of them makes any representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility or liability, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus (including information incorporated by 
reference in it). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information incorporated 
by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that recipients of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Potential 
purchasers of Notes should determine for themselves whether the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms is relevant. If they decide to purchase Notes, 
the decision should be based on the investigations they deem necessary. None of the Dealers undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus; nor do they undertake to inform potential or actual investors in Notes 
issued under the Programme about any information (including information incorporated by reference) that 
may come to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
The stabilisation manager, named in the relevant Final Terms, (the "Stabilisation Manager") will comply with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives. References in the next paragraph to "this issue" are to each Series 
for which a Stabilisation Manager is appointed. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes (provided that, in the case of any Tranche of Notes to be admitted to 
listing on the official list and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market and/or any other regulated 
market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, the aggregate principal amount of Notes allotted does not 
exceed 105 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche) or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which may outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance/Target Market Assessment" which may outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRIIPs REGULATION/ IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
PRIIPs REGULATION/ IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers", the Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within 
the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and the Notes may not be offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and no prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes may be 
distributed, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Benchmarks Regulation - Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in the 
European Securities and Markets Authority's ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Certain "benchmarks" may either (i) not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation or (ii) transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation may apply to certain other "benchmarks" which would otherwise be in scope such 
that at the date of the relevant Final Terms, the administrator of the "benchmark" is not required to be included 
in the register of administrators. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, European Money Markets Institute, 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). The administrator of SONIA, the Bank of 
England, the administrator of SOFR, the New York Federal Reserve, and the administrator of €STR, the 
European Central Bank, do not appear on the ESMA register. As far as the Issuers are aware, SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
Investors should consult the Issuers if they want a copy of the ISDA Definitions (as defined below). 
In this Base Prospectus, the following definitions apply: 
 
"Member State" means a Member State of the EEA;

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
"AUD" means Australian dollars, the lawful currency of Australia; 
 
"EUR", "euro" or "€" mean the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
 
"£" means Sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
 
"U.S. dollars", "U.S.$", "USD" or "$" means the lawful currency of the United States of America; and 
 
"Japanese Yen" means the lawful currency of Japan. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to BNPPF has been 
extracted from BNPPF's the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 (the "BNPPF Financial Statements"). 
BNPPF's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of that year. The BNPPF Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to BP2F has been 
extracted from BP2F's the audited annual accounts for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021 (the "BP2F Financial Statements"). 
BP2F's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of that year. The BP2F Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with the legal requirements and generally accepted accounting principles in the 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................ 20 
This section gives a general description of the Programme, including a description of the relevant parties and 
a description of certain provisions relating to the Notes (including a description of the different forms of Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme). 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 32 
This section sets out the risks the Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be the most essential to a prospective 
investor when assessing whether to consider an investment in the Notes. However, investors should note that 
there is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuers and/or the Guarantor 
being unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify all of these factors or to determine which 
factors are most likely to occur. This is because the Issuers and the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of 
events that are beyond their control. 
Investment Considerations ............................................................................................................................... 80 
This section sets out certain investment considerations the Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be relevant to 
a prospective investor when assessing whether to consider an investment in the Notes. 
Information Incorporated by Reference in this Base Prospectus...................................................................... 93 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers and the Guarantor 
from other publicly available documents. It also details where certain other specified documents relating to 
the Notes are made available for viewing. 
Information relating to the Issuers and the Guarantor .................................................................................... 102 
 
Description of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV ....................................................................................... 103 
This section describes the business activities of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and also provides summary 
financial information and other information relating to it. 
Description of BNP Paribas Fortis Funding ...................................................................................... 137 
This section describes the business activities of BNP Paribas Fortis Funding and also provides 
summary financial information and other information relating to it. 
General Information relating to the Programme and the Notes ...................................................................... 144 
Explanation of Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses ................................................................ 145 
This section describes information relating to an issue of Non-exempt Notes which may be set out in 
Final Terms, as well as the circumstances in which a Drawdown Prospectus is required.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
Restrictions and Conditions for the use of this Base Prospectus ....................................................... 148 
This section provides information on the entities having consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with Non-exempt Offers and the conditions relating to such consent. It also provides 
information on arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors (including the issue price 
relating to Non-Exempt Offers) and information relating to the use of the Base Prospectus and offers 
of Notes generally. 
Plan of Distribution ........................................................................................................................... 158 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions on who is permitted to purchase the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................. 173 
This section provides an overview of certain tax considerations relating to Notes. 
General Information .......................................................................................................................... 191 
This section gives general information about to the listing and clearing systems that may apply to 
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus. It also provides other relevant information (including certain 
line-items of the Final Terms) and describes where investors can obtain copies of certain documents 
relating to the Issuers and the Guarantor and the Programme. 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................. 197 
This section describes how the Issuers will use the net proceeds of issues of Notes. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Guarantee .................................................................................. 199 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................... 200 
Part 1 : Medium Term Notes ............................................................................................................. 201 
This section sets out the generic terms and conditions that are applicable to all types of Notes in 
definitive form or in dematerialised form. 
Part 2 : Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts ...................................................................... 281 
This section sets out different economic or "payout" terms in respect of different types of Notes. These 
terms are optional provisions and only some of them will apply to the relevant Notes. The applicable 
Final Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to the relevant Notes. This section must be read 
in conjunction with the Note Conditions set out in Part 1 (in respect of Notes in definitive form) and, 
in respect of Notes in global form, with the provisions of the relevant Global Note (as described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes and Certain Provisions with Respect to 
Dematerialised Notes") and, where applicable, with the Additional Terms and Conditions set out in 
Part 3 and/or Part 4 and/or Part 5. 
Part 3 : Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index-Linked Notes.................................... 300 
This section relates only to Notes that are specified to be Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes or 
Inflation Index-Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, i.e. Notes where the payments 
are linked to the value from time to time of one or more inflation indices. These Additional Terms and

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Conditions must be read in conjunction with the Note Conditions set out in Part 1 (in respect of Notes 
in definitive form) and, in respect of Notes in global form, with the provisions of the relevant Global 
Note (as described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes and Certain Provisions 
with Respect to Dematerialised Notes") and, where applicable, with the Additional Terms and 
Conditions set out in Part 2 and/or Part 4 and/or Part 5. 
Part 4 : Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes ............. 309 
This section relates only to Notes that are specified to be Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, i.e. 
Notes where the payments are linked to the value from time to time of one or more foreign exchange 
rate(s). These Additional Terms and Conditions must be read in conjunction with the Note Conditions 
set out in Part 1 (in respect of Notes in definitive form) and, in respect of Notes in global form, with 
the provisions of the relevant Global Note (as described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to 
Global Notes and Certain Provisions with Respect to Dematerialised Notes") and, where applicable, 
with the Additional Terms and Conditions set out in Part 2 and/or Part 3 and/or Part 5. 
Part 5 : Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes .................... 322 
This section relates only to Notes that are specified to be Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes or Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, i.e. Notes 
where the payments are linked to the value from time to time of one or more interest rate(s). These 
Additional Terms and Conditions must be read in conjunction with the Note Conditions set out in Part 
1 (in respect of Notes in definitive form) and, in respect of Notes in global form, with the provisions of 
the relevant Global Note (as described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes and 
Certain Provisions with Respect to Dematerialised Notes") and, where applicable, with the Additional 
Terms and Conditions set out in Part 2 and/or Part 3 and/or Part 4. 
Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes and Certain Provisions with Respect to 
Dematerialised Notes ........................................................................................................................ 336 
This section sets out (i) provisions in relation to Notes represented by Global Notes which are set out 
on the relevant Global Note, certain of which modify the provisions set out in the Note Conditions 
described above and (ii) certain provisions in relation to Dematerialised Notes cleared through the 
NBB–SSS. 
Description of the Guarantee ............................................................................................................. 344 
This section sets out the different forms of guarantee that will be appended to the Global Note or 
endorsed on the definitive Note relating to the relevant issue of Notes. Any such guarantee may be 
Senior or Subordinated Tier 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt Notes only ............................................................................ 352 
This section applies to Non-exempt Notes only. It provides a template of the Final Terms which will 
be completed with the issue specific details of the relevant Tranche of Notes. When completed, the 
Final Terms should be read in conjunction with the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant 
Notes as described above.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt Notes only ........................................................................ 417 
This section applies to Exempt Notes only. It provides a template of the Pricing Supplement which will 
be completed with the issue specific details of the relevant Tranche of Notes. When completed, the 
Pricing Supplement should be read in conjunction with the terms and conditions applicable to the 
relevant Notes as described above. The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify and/or supplement 
provisions set out in such terms and conditions, subject to the requirements of any relevant stock 
exchange or quotation system.

--- Page 20 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 20 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section gives a general description of the Programme, including a description of the relevant parties and 
a description of certain provisions relating to the Notes (including a description of the different forms of Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme).

--- Page 21 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 21 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of key features of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular issue of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. The Notes may be issued on such terms as may be agreed between the relevant Dealer(s) and the 
Issuer(s) and, in the case of Exempt Notes only, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any particular Tranche or Series, will be subject to the terms and conditions set out below. Each 
Series of Notes will be subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and subject to 
obtaining any appropriate official or other consents. 
 
Issuers:  
BNPPF and BP2F.  
Guarantor:  
BNPPF (in respect of Notes issued by BP2F).  
Description:  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme.  
Guarantee:  
Each of the Notes issued by BP2F has the benefit of a guarantee 
(the "Guarantee") from the Guarantor.  
Arranger:  
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
Dealer:  
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and such other Dealers as may be 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer in respect of one or more 
Tranche of Notes or in respect of the whole Programme.  
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying 
Agent:  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, 
from and including the Merger Date (as defined in the Conditions), 
will be substituted with BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg). 
Domiciliary Agent:  
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
Alternative Principal Paying Agent:  BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
Paying Agent:  
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent:  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, 
from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP 
Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg). 
Brussels Listing Agent:  
Such person appointed and specified as the Brussels Listing Agent 
in respect of any issue of Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Drawdown 
Prospectus:  
Non-exempt Notes issued under the Programme may be issued 
either (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and completed by a set 
of Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a separate Drawdown Prospectus 
prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes, as more 
fully described in the section entitled "Explanation of Final Terms 
and Drawdown Prospectuses".  
Terms and Conditions:  
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes 
a copy of which will, in the case of Notes to be admitted to listing 
on the official list and to trading on the regulated market and/or 
the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange be

--- Page 22 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 22 - 
 
 
delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and in the case of 
Notes to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system, be delivered to such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system. The terms and conditions applicable to 
each Tranche will be those set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" as completed or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes only, supplemented, modified or replaced by the relevant 
Final Terms. In the case of an offer to the public, the applicable 
Final Terms will be filed with the relevant competent authority as 
soon as practicable and in any event, at a reasonable time in 
advance of, and at the latest at the beginning of, the offer to the 
public.  
Currencies:  
Notes may be issued in U.S. dollars, Brazilian Reais, Canadian 
dollars, Australian dollars, Mexican Peso, New Zealand dollars, 
Norwegian krone, Sterling, Euro, Japanese yen, Swedish kronor, 
Danish kroner, Hungarian Forints, New Turkish Lira, Russian 
Rouble or in any other currencies if the relevant Issuer and the 
Dealers so agree, subject in each case to all necessary consents 
being obtained and, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives.  
Maturities:  
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements.  
 
If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the relevant Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by that Issuer in the United Kingdom, 
such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (ii) be 
issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by that Issuer. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount or premium to par as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Dual Currency 
Notes, the Issue Price will be payable in the Settlement Currency 
at the Settlement Currency equivalent of the Issue Price 
(determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Exempt Notes which are partly-paid Notes may also be issued, the 
issue price of which will be payable in two or more instalments 
("Partly-paid Notes"). The price and amount of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 23 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 23 - 
 
 
Method of Issue:  
The Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be 
issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Notes with respect to each Series 
will mature on the same date, bear interest (if any) on the same 
basis and otherwise be subject to identical terms and may be issued 
in Tranches on a continuous basis with, save as mentioned below, 
no minimum issue size. Further Notes may be issued as part of an 
existing Series.  
Fixed Interest Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms and at maturity (if any).  
Floating Rate Notes:  
Notes which bear interest on a floating rate basis "Floating Rate 
Notes" will bear interest set separately for each Series by reference 
to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (each as defined in the 
Conditions) (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes only)) 
as adjusted for any applicable margin. Interest periods will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a 
discount to par and will not bear interest ("Zero Coupon Notes"). 
Variable Rate Notes:  
The Final Terms in respect of each issue of Inflation-Index Linked 
Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Notes will specify the basis for calculating 
the amounts of interest payable, which may be by reference to 
indices, currency exchange rates, underlying reference rates or 
formulae or as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed Redemption Amount Notes:  
Fixed Redemption Amount Notes may be redeemable at par, at a 
premium to par or at a discount to par by specifying the redemption 
amount in the relevant Final Terms.  
Variable Redemption Notes:  
The Final Terms in respect of each issue of Inflation Index-Linked 
Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Notes will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable, which may be calculated by 
reference to indices, currency exchange rates, underlying reference 
rates or formulae or as otherwise provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. The redemption amount payable at maturity may be par or 
an amount that is above or below the principal amount of the 
Notes.  
Dual Currency Notes: 
Notes may be denominated in one currency (the "Specified 
Currency") with amounts payable in respect of interest and/or 
principal payable in another currency (the "Settlement 
Currency"), such Notes being "Dual Currency Interest Notes" 
and/or "Dual Currency Redemption Notes". 
Other Notes:  
Further terms applicable to Notes with Fixed Income Interest Rates 
(including FI Digital Coupons, Range Accrual Coupons,

--- Page 24 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 24 - 
 
 
Combination Floater Coupons, PRDC Coupons, FI Digital Floor 
Coupons, FI Digital Cap Coupons, FI Target Coupons, FI FX 
Vanilla Coupons and FI Digital Plus Coupons), Fixed Income 
Final Payouts (including FI FX Vanilla Notes and FI Inflation 
Notes) and Fixed Income Early Redemption Payouts and any other 
type of Note which the Issuer and any Dealer or Dealers may agree 
to issue under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. Notes not covered by the Conditions and not otherwise 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus may be offered as Exempt Notes. 
Form of Notes:  
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms and except 
as provided below, each Tranche of Notes issued in bearer form 
will initially be represented by a temporary global Note which will 
be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary or (in the 
case of Notes issued by BP2F which are intended to be issued in 
new global note ("NGN") form) a common safekeeper on behalf 
of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or 
with a depositary for any other Relevant Clearing System (as 
defined below). Interests in such temporary global Note will be 
exchangeable for interests in a permanent global Note (together 
with any temporary global Note, the "Global Notes") or, if so 
provided in the relevant temporary Global Note, for definitive 
Notes ("Definitive Notes") in bearer form and/or (in the case of 
Notes issued by BP2F only) registered form after the date falling 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant 
Tranche upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the manner and upon compliance with the procedures described 
under "Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes and 
Certain Provisions with Respect to Dematerialised Notes". 
Interests in a permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in bearer form and/or (in the case of Notes issued 
by BP2F only) registered form, in each case as described in the 
section entitled "Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes 
and Certain Provisions with Respect to Dematerialised Notes" on 
page 336. Bearer Notes in definitive form may not be physically 
delivered in Belgium. Each Tranche of Notes issued by BP2F in 
registered form will be represented by definitive Notes. 
 
In the case of Notes issued by BNPPF in bearer form and if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, such Notes may be 
represented by a permanent Global Note which will be deposited 
on or about the issue date with the National Bank of Belgium or 
any successor thereto (the "NBB") as operator of the NBB–SSS or 
its custodian and interests therein will be credited to the accounts 
of the relevant purchasers with the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Frankfurt and/or any other Relevant Clearing 
System. Such Notes will not be issued in NGN form but are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. 
 
Notes issued by BNPPF may also be issued in dematerialised form 
in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies and

--- Page 25 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 25 - 
 
 
Associations via a book-entry system maintained in the records of 
the NBB as operator of the NBB–SSS ("Dematerialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes cannot be physically delivered and will be 
represented exclusively by book entries in the records of the NBB–
SSS. 
Specified Denominations:  
Notes will be issued in any denominations agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or securities settlement systems 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. BNPPF may 
not issue Non-exempt Notes with a minimum denomination of less 
than EUR 1,000 (or nearly equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption:  
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) (either in whole or in 
part) and/or at the option of the holders and, if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption.  
Early Redemption:  
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes may 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer for tax reasons (if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), if its 
obligations under the Notes have become illegal or by reason of 
force majeure and in certain other circumstances specified in the 
terms of the relevant Notes.  
Redemption by Instalments:  
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes which are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed.  
Listing and Admission to Trading:  
Notes may be admitted to listing on the official list and to trading 
on the Luxembourg Regulated Market or the Euro MTF, and/or 
the Brussels Regulated Market and/or admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
situated or operating within a Member State or which are to be 
offered to the public in one or more Member States (where the 
terms "regulated market" and "offer to the public" are within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) may not carry the right to 
acquire shares (or transferable securities equivalent to shares) 
issued by the relevant Issuer or by any entity belonging to such 
Issuer's group. Subject thereto, Notes may also be issued on the 
basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system.  
Status of Notes and the Guarantee:  
Senior Notes issued by BP2F constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured and general obligations of BP2F 
and rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred debts under 
applicable laws) without any preference among themselves and at 
least equally and rateably with all other present and future

--- Page 26 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 26 - 
 
 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, including 
guarantees and other obligations of a similar nature of BP2F. 
In the case of Senior Notes (as defined in the Conditions) issued 
by BNPPF, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether such 
Notes are Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(each as defined in the Conditions). 
The Senior Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of 
BNPPF and rank at all times: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of BNPPF, present and future, which will fall 
or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law 
(as defined in the Conditions),  
(B) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (as defined in 
the Conditions) of BNPPF and any obligations ranking 
pari passu with or junior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of BNPPF; and 
(C) 
junior to all present and future claims as may be preferred 
by laws of general application. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, 
senior and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations 
of BNPPF and rank at all times: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with all other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future,  
(B) 
senior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, 
any Subordinated Tier 2 Notes Guarantee and other present 
and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims of (i) any 
unsubordinated creditors of BNPPF that are not creditors 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of BNPPF, 
and (ii) all other present and future claims as may be 
preferred by laws of general application or otherwise 
ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
BNPPF does not intend to issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
except to the extent that such Senior Non-Preferred Notes would 
qualify as MREL for the purposes of the Applicable MREL 
Regulations (as defined in the Conditions).

--- Page 27 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 27 - 
 
 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (as defined in the Conditions) constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the relevant Issuer and rank pari passu (subject to any mandatorily 
preferred debts under applicable laws) without any preference 
among themselves and with any other Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
The rights and claims of the Noteholder in respect of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated in the manner 
provided below. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of an order being made, or 
an effective resolution being passed, for the liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy or 
otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of such Issuer or 
substitution in place of such Issuer or a successor in the business 
of such Issuer), the rights and claims of the holders of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes in respect of or arising under (including 
any interest or damages awarded for the breach of any obligation 
under) the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes shall, subject to any 
obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, rank (a) junior 
to the claims of all the Senior Creditors of the relevant Issuer and, 
in respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, junior 
to the claims of all Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors (as defined 
in the Conditions) of BNPPF, (b) in respect of Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes issued by BNPPF, at least pari passu with the claims of 
holders of all obligations of BNPPF which constitute, or would but 
for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital of BNPPF and (c) senior to (i) the claims 
of holders of all share and other equity capital of the relevant Issuer 
(including preference shares, if any) and (ii) in respect of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, the claims of holders 
of all obligations of BNPPF which constitute Tier 1 Capital of 
BNPPF. 
The 
Senior 
Guarantees 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
irrevocable, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred 
debts under applicable laws) equally and rateably with all other 
present and future outstanding Senior Preferred Obligations of the 
Guarantor. 
The 
Subordinated 
Tier 
2 
Guarantees 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor and rank pari passu (subject to any mandatorily 
preferred debts under applicable laws) without any preference 
among themselves and with any other Subordinated Tier 2 
Guarantee. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of an order being made, or 
an effective resolution being passed, for the liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Guarantor by reason of

--- Page 28 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 28 - 
 
 
bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any 
such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-up solely 
for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation of the Guarantor or substitution in place of the 
Guarantor or a successor in the business of the Guarantor), the 
rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
in respect of or arising under (including any interest or damages 
awarded for the breach of any obligation under) the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Guarantees shall, subject to any obligations which are 
mandatorily preferred by law, rank (a) junior to the claims of all 
the Senior Creditors and of all Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors 
(as defined in the Conditions) of the Guarantor, (b) at least pari 
passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of the Guarantor 
which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Guarantor 
and (c) senior to (i) the claims of holders of all share and other 
equity capital (including preference shares, if any) of the 
Guarantor and (ii) the claims of holders of all obligations of the 
Guarantor which constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Guarantor. 
Cross Default:  
The Senior Notes and Senior Preferred Notes (as defined in the 
Conditions) will contain a cross default in respect of indebtedness 
for borrowed money of the Issuers and the Guarantor (in respect 
of Notes issued by BP2F) as more fully set out in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes —Events of Default".  
Taxation:  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and 
the Guarantees by the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes (if any), imposed 
in Luxembourg (in the case of BP2F) or Belgium (in the case of 
BNPPF), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to customary exceptions as specified in the Conditions.  
Governing Law:  
The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law except for 
(a) in the case of Notes issued by BP2F, Condition 3.5 in addition 
to all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith which shall be governed by Luxembourg law and 
Condition 3.6 in addition to all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith which shall be governed by 
Belgian law and (b) in the case of Notes issued by BNPPF, 
Conditions 1.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5 and 10.1(b) in addition to all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
which shall be governed by Belgian law.  
 
Guarantees of BNPPF applicable in relation to any Senior Notes 
issued by BP2F are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with English law and guarantees of BNPPF applicable 
in relation to any subordinated Notes issued by BP2F are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in

--- Page 29 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 29 - 
 
 
the EEA (including Belgium, France and Luxembourg), Australia, 
Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States 
of America please refer to the section entitled "Plan of 
Distribution" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Such description is only a summary at the date of the Base 
Prospectus of certain restrictions that can vary from time to time. 
Prospective investors and purchasers of Notes must inform 
themselves about all the relevant, applicable and up-to-date 
restrictions prior to investing in the applicable Notes. Moreover 
the selling restrictions that are applicable to a Tranche of Notes 
can be modified in the relevant Final Terms if agreed by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant 
Dealer.  
Ratings: 
BP2F's senior unsecured debt rating is A+ (S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P")). BP2F's senior unsecured credit ratings 
are A2 with a stable outlook (Moody's France SAS ("Moody's")) 
and AA- with a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch")). BP2F's short-term debt rating is A-1 (S&P). BP2F's 
short-term credit ratings are P-1 (Moody's) and F1(Fitch). 
BNPPF's senior unsecured credit ratings are A+ with a stable 
outlook (S&P), A2 with a stable outlook (Moody's) and AA- with 
a stable outlook (Fitch) and BNPPF's short-term credit ratings are 
A-1 (S&P), P-1 (Moody's) and F1+ (Fitch). 
 
S&P's credit ratings in respect of the Programme are: (i) A+ 
(senior unsecured debt maturing in one year or more), (ii) A-1 
(senior unsecured debt maturing in less than one year), (iii) A- 
(senior subordinated debt maturing in one year or more) and (iv) 
BBB+ (subordinated debt). Moody's credit ratings in respect of the 
Programme (where BNPPF acts as Issuer) are: (i) A2 (senior 
unsecured), (ii) Baa2 (subordinated), and (iii) P-1 (short-term). 
Moody's credit ratings in respect of the Programme (where BP2F 
acts as Issuer (guaranteed by BNPPF)) are: (i) A2 (senior 
unsecured), (ii) Baa2 (subordinated), and (iii) P-1 (short-term). 
Fitch's credit ratings in respect of the Programme are AA- (long-
term senior unsecured) and F1+ (short-term senior unsecured). 
 
An obligor rated 'A' by S&P has strong capacity to meet its 
financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. However, the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is still strong. The rating may be modified by the 
addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the major rating categories. An obligor rated A-1 by S&P 
has strong capacity to meet its short-term financial commitments. 
It is rated in the highest category by S&P. An S&P stable outlook 
means a rating is not likely to change. An S&P rating outlook 
assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the 
intermediate term, which is generally up to two years for 
investment grade and generally up to one year for speculative

--- Page 30 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 30 - 
 
 
grade. In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to 
any changes in the economic and/or fundamental business 
conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a rating 
change. A short-term obligation rated 'A-1' by S&P is rated in the 
highest category by S&P. An obligation rated 'A' by S&P is 
somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-
rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. The rating 
may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to 
show relative standing within the major rating categories. An 
obligation rated 'BBB' by S&P exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's  capacity to 
meet its financial commitments on the obligation.  
 
Obligations rated 'A' by Moody's are considered upper-medium 
grade and are subject to low credit risk. Obligations rated 'Baa' are 
judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and 
as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from 'Aa' through 'Caa'. The modifier 1 indicates that 
the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; 
the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
Issuer's (or supporting institutions) rated 'P-1' by Moody's reflects 
a superior ability to repay short-term obligations. A Moody's rating 
outlook is an opinion regarding the likely direction of a rating over 
the medium term. A stable outlook indicates a low likelihood of a 
rating change over the medium term. A negative, positive or 
developing outlook indicates a higher likelihood of a rating change 
over the medium term.    
 
An 'A' rating by Fitch indicates a high credit quality. 'A' ratings 
denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment 
of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or 
"-" may be appended to a rating by Fitch to denote relative status 
within major rating categories. An 'F1' rating by Fitch relates to 
highest short-term credit quality and indicates the strongest 
intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. 
Rating outlooks applied by Fitch indicate the direction a rating is 
likely to move over a one- to two-year period and reflect financial 
or other trends that have not yet reached the level that would 
trigger a rating action, but which may do so if such trends continue. 
Positive and negative rating outlooks do not imply that a rating 
change is inevitable and, similarly, ratings with stable outlooks can 
be raised or lowered without a prior revision to the outlook. 
 
The information set out above relating to the description of the 
ratings has been extracted from the web-site of the relevant rating 
agency. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such

--- Page 31 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
- 31 - 
 
 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from such web-sites, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with the paragraphs under the heading "Responsibility 
Statement" above. 
 
Each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, each of Moody's, 
S&P and Fitch is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Nevertheless, some Notes issued under the 
Programme may be assigned a specific rating that will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme 
or may not receive any credit rating. Where a Series of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
None of Moody's, S&P or Fitch are established in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") but each is part of a group in respect of which one 
of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and 
(ii) is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, the ratings issued by Moody's, S&P and Fitch could be used 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the relevant 
assigning rating agency. Please also refer to "Credit ratings 
assigned to the Issuer, Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all 
the risks associated with an investment in those Notes" in the 
"Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 32 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out the risks the Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be the most essential to a prospective 
investor when assessing of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. However, investors should note 
that there is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor being unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify all of these factors or to 
determine which factors are most likely to occur. This is because the Issuers and the Guarantor may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become 
material as a result of events that are beyond their control.

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 33 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuers and the Guarantor may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under the relevant Guarantee. There 
is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuers or the Guarantor becoming 
unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors 
are most likely to occur, as the Issuers and the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain 
factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of 
events outside the Issuers' and the Guarantor's control. The Issuers and the Guarantor have identified in this 
Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to 
make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes issued under the Programme, prospective 
investors should consult their own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal 
and tax advisers and carefully review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an 
investment decision in the light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this section. 
(I) 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS' AND THE GUARANTOR'S ABILITY TO 
FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The main categories of risk inherent in BNPPF's business are presented below. They may be measured 
through risk-weighted assets or other quantitative or qualitative indicators, to the extent risk-weighted 
assets are not relevant (for example, for liquidity and funding risk). 
 
Risk-weighted assets in billions of euros 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Credit risk 
95,451 
110,904 
Counterparty credit risk 
1,689 
2,274 
Securitisation risk in the banking book 
1,248 
1,259 
Operational risk 
8,528 
11,633 
Market risk 
1,168 
1,443 
Equity risk 
12,800 
7,993 
TOTAL 
120,884 
135,506

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 34 - 
 
 
The figures in the table above are extracted from the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report which is 
incorporated by reference in this document. 
More generally, the risks to which BNPPF is exposed may arise from a number of factors related, 
among others, to changes in its macroeconomic or regulatory environment or factors related to the 
implementation of its strategy and its business. 
The material risks specific to BNPPF's business, determined based on the circumstances known to the 
management as of the date of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, are presented below under seven main 
categories: credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book; operational risk; 
market risk; liquidity and funding risk; risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment; 
regulatory risks; and risks related to BNPPF's growth in its current environment. Investors should note 
that the risk factors set out under each of these headings are also applicable to BP2F, although where 
BP2F is the Issuer, they should be read in the specific context of BP2F's business and in conjunction 
with the "Risk factors relating to the business of BNP Paribas Fortis Funding" below. 
BNPPF's risk management policies have been taken into account in assessing the materiality of these 
risks; in particular, risk-weighted assets factor in risk mitigation elements to the extent eligible in 
accordance with applicable banking regulations. 
Credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book 
BNPPF's credit risk is defined as the probability of a borrower or counterparty defaulting on its 
obligations to BNPPF. Probability of default along with the recovery rate of the loan or debt in the 
event of default are essential elements in assessing credit quality. In accordance with European 
Banking Authority recommendations, this category of risk also includes risks on equity investments. 
As of 31 December 2021, BNPPF's credit risk exposure broke down as follows (in millions of euros): 
corporates (141,030), retail customers (123,029), central governments and central banks (79,230), 
credit institutions (19,003) and other items (4,583). As at 31 December 2021, 60% of BNPPF's credit 
exposure was comprised of exposures in Belgium, 5% in France, 10% in Luxembourg, 16% in other 
European countries, 1% in North America, and 6% in the rest of the world. BNPPF's risk-weighted 
assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 95,451 million at 31 December 2021, or 79% of 
the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see the chapters entitled "Risk Management and Capital 
Adequacy", "4 Credit and counterparty Credit Risk" and "4.a Credit risk" in the BNPPF 2021 Annual 
Report), compared to EUR 110,904 million at 31 December 2020. 
BNPPF's counterparty risk arises from its credit risk in the specific context of market transactions, 
investments, and/or settlements. BNPPF's exposure to counterparty risk, excluding Credit Valuation 
Adjustment ("CVA") risk as at 31 December 2021, is comprised of: 51% to the corporate sector, 12% 
to governments and central banks, 29% to credit institutions and investment firms and 8% to clearing 
houses. By product, BNPPF's exposure, excluding CVA risk, as at 31 December 2021 was comprised 
of: 85% in OTC derivatives, 13% in repurchase transactions and securities lending/borrowing, 1% in 
listed derivatives and 1% in contributions to the clearing houses' default funds. The amount of this risk 
varies over time, depending on fluctuations in market parameters affecting the potential future value 
of the covered transactions. In addition, CVA risk measures the risk of losses related to CVA volatility 
resulting from fluctuations in credit spreads associated with the counterparties to which BNPPF is 
subject to risk. The risk-weighted assets subject to counterparty risk amounted to EUR 1,689 million 
at 31 December 2021, representing 1% of BNPPF's total risk-weighted assets (see the BNPPF 2021 
Pillar 3 Disclosure), compared to EUR 2,274 million at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 35 - 
 
 
Securitisation risk in the banking book: securitisation is a transaction or arrangement by which the 
credit risk associated with a liability or set of liabilities is subdivided into tranches. Any commitment 
made by BNPPF under a securitisation structure (including derivatives and liquidity lines) is 
considered to be a securitisation. The bulk of BNPPF's commitments are in the prudential banking 
portfolio. Securitised exposures are essentially those generated by BNPPF. BNPPF's securitisation 
exposure amounted to EUR 5,333 million at 31 December 2021, compared to EUR 5,386 million at 
31 December 2020. The securitisation positions held or acquired by BNPPF may also be categorized 
by its role: of the positions as at 31 December 2021, BNPPF was originator of 87% and was investor 
of 13%. The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 1,248 million at 31 
December 2021 for BNPPF, or 1% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see the BNPPF 2021 
Pillar 3 Disclosure), compared to EUR 1,259 million at 31 December 2020. 
A substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded provisions 
exposed to credit risk and counterparty risk could adversely affect BNPPF's results of operations and 
financial condition 
Credit risk and counterparty risk impact BNPPF's consolidated financial statements when a customer 
or counterparty is unable to honour its obligations and when the book value of these obligations in 
BNPPF's records is positive. The customer or counterparty may be a bank, a financial institution, an 
industrial or commercial enterprise, a government or a government entity, an investment fund, or a 
natural person. If the default rate of customers or counterparties increases, BNPPF may have to record 
increased charges or provisions in respect of irrecoverable or doubtful loans (Stage 3) or of performing 
loans (Stages 1 and 2) in response to a deterioration in economic conditions or other factors, which 
may affect its profitability. 
As a result, in connection with its lending activities, BNPPF regularly establishes provisions which 
are recorded on its income statement in the line item Cost of Risk. These provisions amounted to EUR 
359 million at 31 December 2021, representing 17 basis points of outstanding customer loans 
(compared with 36 basis points at 31 December 2020). In Belgium, the cost of risk decreased as a 
consequence of, among other things, the provisioning of performing loans (stage 1 and 2). Stage 1 and 
2 provisions were mainly impacted by a review of the macro-economic scenarios. Outside Belgium, 
cost of risk also decreased mainly due to lower provisions in stage 3 whereas the provisions in stages 
1 and 2 were relatively stable. The significant increase in these provisions in 2020 reflects the 
economic consequences of the health crisis and is an example of the materialisation of this risk, while 
their decrease in 2021 is explained by a high base in 2020, a limited number of defaults and write-
back provisions on performing loans. 
BNPPF's overall level of provisions is based on its assessment of prior loss experience, the volume 
and type of lending being conducted, industry standards, past due loans, economic conditions and 
other factors related to the recoverability of various loans or statistical analysis based on scenarios 
applicable to asset classes. 
Although BNPPF seeks to establish an appropriate level of provisions, its lending businesses may have 
to increase their provisions for loan losses or sound receivables substantially in the future as a result 
of deteriorating economic conditions or other causes. Any significant increase in provisions for loan 
losses or a significant change in BNPPF's estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non 
impaired loans, as well as the occurrence of loan losses in excess of the related provisions, could have 
a material adverse effect on BNPPF's results of operations and financial condition. 
For reference, at 31 December 2021, the ratio of doubtful loans to total loans outstanding was 2.1% 
and the coverage ratio of these doubtful commitments (net of guarantees received) by provisions was

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 36 - 
 
 
68.0%, compared to 2.6% and 65.1%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020. These two ratios are 
calculated based on figures from the FINREP reporting of BNPPF. 
While BNPPF seeks to reduce its exposure to credit risk and counterparty risk by using risk mitigation 
techniques such as collateralisation, obtaining guarantees, entering into credit derivatives and entering 
into netting agreements, it cannot be certain that these techniques will be effective to offset losses 
resulting from counterparty defaults that are covered by these techniques. Moreover, BNPPF is also 
exposed to the risk of default by the party providing the credit risk coverage (such as a counterparty 
in a derivative or a loan insurance contract) or to the risk of loss of value of any collateral. In addition, 
only a portion of BNPPF's overall credit risk and counterparty risk is covered by these techniques. 
Accordingly, BNPPF has very significant exposure to these risks. 
The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants could adversely 
affect BNPPF 
BNPPF's ability to engage in financing, investment and derivative transactions could be adversely 
affected by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. Financial institutions 
are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a result, 
defaults by one or more states or financial institutions, or even rumours or questions about one or more 
financial institutions, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market wide liquidity 
problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. BNPPF has exposure to many counterparties in 
the financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses, brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, and other institutional 
clients with which it regularly executes transactions. BNPPF may also be exposed to risks related to 
the increasing involvement in the financial sector of players and the introduction of new types of 
transactions subject to little or no regulation (such as unregulated funds, trading venues or 
crowdfunding platforms). Credit and counterparty risks could be exacerbated if the collateral held by 
BNPPF cannot be realised, it decreases in value or it is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover 
the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to BNPPF or in the event of the failure of a 
significant financial market participant such as a central counterparty. 
For reference, counterparty risk exposure related to financial institutions was EUR 2,401 million at 31 
December 2021, or 29% of BNPPF's total counterparty risk exposure, and counterparty risk exposure 
related to clearing houses was EUR 666 million, or 8% of BNPPF's total counterparty risk exposure. 
In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material adverse effect on 
financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets. 
Losses resulting from the risks summarised above could materially and adversely affect BNPPF's 
results of operations. 
Operational risk 
BNPPF's operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from failed or inadequate internal processes 
(particularly those involving personnel and information systems) or external events, whether 
deliberate, accidental or natural (floods, fires, earthquakes, terrorist attacks, etc.). BNPPF's operational 
risks cover fraud, human resources risks, legal and reputational risks, non-compliance risks, tax risks, 
information systems risks, risk of providing inadequate financial services (conduct risk), risk of failure 
of operational processes including credit processes, or from the use of a model (model risk), as well 
as potential financial consequences related to reputation risk management. The risk-weighted assets

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 37 - 
 
 
subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 8,528 million at 31 December 2021, or 7% of the total 
risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see page 11 of the BNPPF 2021 Pillar 3 Disclosure). 
BNPPF's risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks, which could lead to material losses 
BNPPF has devoted significant resources to developing its risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods and intends to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, BNPPF's risk 
management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all 
economic and market environments or against all types of risk, particularly risks that BNPPF may 
have failed to identify or anticipate. BNPPF's ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers or 
to estimate the values of its assets may be impaired if, as a result of market turmoil such as that 
experienced in recent years, the models and approaches it uses become less predictive of future 
behaviour, valuations, assumptions or estimates. Some of BNPPF's qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk are based on its use of observed historical market behaviour. BNPPF applies statistical 
and other tools to these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. The process 
BNPPF uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or estimate the value of certain assets 
requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and 
how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans or impact 
the value of assets, which may, during periods of market disruption or substantial uncertainty, be 
incapable of accurate estimation and, in turn, impact the reliability of the process. These tools and 
metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures, for example, if BNPPF does not anticipate or 
correctly evaluate certain factors in its statistical models, or upon the occurrence of an event deemed 
extremely unlikely by the tools and metrics. This would limit BNPPF's ability to manage its risks. 
BNPPF's losses could therefore be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In 
addition, BNPPF's quantified modelling does not take all risks into account. Its more qualitative 
approach to managing certain risks could prove insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipated 
losses. 
An interruption in or a breach of BNPPF's information systems may cause substantial losses of client 
or customer information, damage to BNPPF's reputation and result in financial losses 
As with most other banks, BNPPF relies heavily on communications and information systems to 
conduct its business. This dependency has increased with the spread of mobile and online banking 
services, the development of cloud computing and more generally the use of new technologies. Any 
failure or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in 
BNPPF's customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, servicing and/or loan 
organization systems or could cause BNPPF to incur significant costs in recovering and verifying lost 
data. BNPPF cannot provide assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do 
occur, that they will be adequately addressed. 
In addition, BNPPF is subject to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by a malicious and/or fraudulent 
act, committed virtually, with the intention of manipulating information (confidential data, 
bank/insurance, technical or strategic), processes and users, in order to cause material losses to 
BNPPF's subsidiaries, employees, partners and clients and/or for the purpose of extortion 
(ransomware). An increasing number of companies (including financial institutions) have in recent 
years experienced intrusion attempts or even breaches of their information technology security, some 
of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. Because 
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, steal confidential data 
or sabotage information systems have become more sophisticated, change frequently and often are not

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 38 - 
 
 
recognized until launched against a target, BNPPF and its third party service providers may be unable 
to anticipate these techniques or to implement in a timely manner effective and efficient 
countermeasures. 
Any failures of or interruptions in BNPPF's information systems or those of its providers and any 
subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any client, counterparty or employee of 
BNPPF (or any other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication system could cause 
significant losses and have an adverse effect on BNPPF's reputation, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Regulatory authorities now consider cybersecurity as a growing systemic risk for the financial sector. 
They have stressed the need for financial institutions to improve their resilience to cyber-attacks by 
strengthening internal IT monitoring and control procedures. A successful cyber-attack could therefore 
expose BNPPF to a regulatory fine, especially should any personal data from customers be lost. 
Moreover, BNPPF is exposed to the risk of operational failure or interruption of a clearing agent, 
foreign markets, clearing houses, custodian banks or any other financial intermediary or external 
service provider used by BNPPF to execute or facilitate financial transactions. Due to its increased 
interaction with clients, BNPPF is also exposed to the risk of operational malfunction of the latter's 
information systems. BNPPF's communications and data systems and those of its clients, service 
providers and counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions as a result of cyber-
crime or cyber-terrorism. BNPPF cannot guarantee that these malfunctions or interruptions in its own 
systems or those of other parties will not occur or that in the event of a cyber-attack, these malfunctions 
or interruptions will be adequately resolved. 
Reputational risk could weigh on BNPPF's financial strength and diminish the confidence of clients 
and counterparties in it 
Considering the highly competitive environment in the financial services industry, a reputation for 
financial strength and integrity is critical to BNPPF's ability to attract and retain customers. BNPPF's 
reputation could be harmed if the means it uses to market and promote its products and services were 
deemed to be inconsistent with client interests. BNPPF's reputation could also be damaged if, as it 
increases its client base and the scale of its businesses, its overall procedures and controls dealing with 
conflicts of interest fail, or appear to fail, to address them properly. Moreover, BNPPF's reputation 
could be damaged by employee misconduct, fraud or misconduct by financial industry participants to 
which BNPPF is exposed, a restatement of, a decline in or corrections to, its results, as well as any 
adverse legal or regulatory action, such as the settlement the BNP Paribas Group entered into with the 
U.S. authorities in 2014 for violations of U.S. laws and regulations regarding economic sanctions. The 
loss of business that could result from damage to BNPPF's reputation could have an adverse effect on 
its results of operations and financial position. 
Market risk 
BNPPF's market risk is the risk of loss of value caused by an unfavourable trend in prices or market 
parameters. The parameters affecting BNPPF's market risk include, but are not limited to, exchange 
rates, prices of securities (whether the price is directly quoted or obtained by reference to a comparable 
asset), the price of derivatives on an established market and all benchmarks that can be derived from 
market quotations such as interest rates, credit spreads, volatility or implicit correlations or other 
similar parameters.

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 39 - 
 
 
BNPPF is exposed to market risk mainly through trading activities carried out by the business lines of 
its Corporate & Institutional Banking ("CIB") operating division, primarily in Global Markets, which 
represented 2% of BNPPF's revenue in 2021. BNPPF's trading activities are directly linked to 
economic relations with clients of these business lines, or indirectly as part of its market making 
activity. 
In addition, the market risk relating to BNPPF's banking activities covers its interest rate and foreign 
exchange rate risk in connection with its activities as a banking intermediary. The "operating" foreign 
exchange risk exposure relates to net earnings generated by activities conducted in currencies other 
than the functional currency of the entity concerned. The "structural" foreign exchange risk position 
of an entity relates to investments in currencies other than the functional currency. In measuring 
interest rate risk, BNPPF defines the concepts of standard rate risk and structural rate risk as the 
following: the standard rate risk corresponds to the general case, namely when it is possible to define 
the most appropriate hedging strategy for a given transaction, and the structural rate risk is the interest 
rate risk for equity and non-interest-bearing current accounts. 
BNPPF's market risk based on its activities is measured by Value at Risk ("VaR"), and various other 
market indicators (stressed VaR, Incremental Risk Charge) as well as by stress tests and sensitivity 
analysis compared with market limits. 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 1,168 million at 31 December 
2021, or 1% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF (see the BNPPF 2021 Pillar 3 Disclosure). 
BNPPF may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market fluctuations 
and volatility 
BNPPF maintains trading and investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity 
markets, and in unlisted securities, real estate and other asset classes, including through derivative 
contracts. These positions could be adversely affected by extreme volatility in these markets, i.e., the 
degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market 
levels. Moreover, volatility trends that prove substantially different from BNPPF's expectations may 
lead to losses relating to a broad range of other products that BNPPF uses, including swaps, forward 
and future contracts, options and structured products. 
To the extent that BNPPF owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a market 
downturn could result in losses from a decline in the value of its positions. Conversely, to the extent 
that BNPPF has sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions in any of those markets, a 
market upturn could, in spite of the existing limitation of risks and control systems, expose BNPPF to 
potentially substantial losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by acquiring assets in a rising 
market. BNPPF may from time to time hold a long position in one asset and a short position in another, 
in order to hedge transactions with clients and/or in view of benefiting from changes in the relative 
value of the two assets. If, however, the relative value of the two assets changes in a direction or 
manner that BNPPF did not anticipate or against which its positions are not hedged, it might realize a 
loss on those paired positions. Such losses, if significant, could adversely affect BNPPF's results and 
financial condition. In addition, BNPPF's hedging strategies may not be suitable for certain market 
conditions. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that BNPPF uses to hedge its exposure to various 
types of risk in its businesses is not effective, BNPPF may incur losses. Many of its strategies are 
based on historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if BNPPF holds a long position in 
an asset, it may hedge that position by taking a short position in another asset where the short position

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 40 - 
 
 
has historically moved in a direction that would offset a change in the value of the long position. 
However, the hedge may only be partial, or the strategies used may not protect against all future risks 
or may not be fully effective in mitigating BNPPF's risk exposure in all market environments or against 
all types of risk in the future. Unexpected market developments may also reduce the effectiveness of 
BNPPF's hedging strategies. In addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting from certain 
ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in BNPPF's reported earnings. 
The BNP Paribas Group uses a VaR model to quantify its exposure to potential losses from market 
risks, and also performs stress testing with a view to quantifying its potential exposure in extreme 
scenarios (see Chapter 5 ("Market Risk") in the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report). However, these 
techniques rely on statistical methodologies based on historical observations, which may turn out to 
be unreliable predictors of future market conditions. Accordingly, BNPPF's exposure to market risk 
in extreme scenarios could be greater than the exposures predicted by its quantification techniques. 
BNPPF may generate lower revenues from commission and fee based businesses during market 
downturns and declines in activity 
Commissions represented 17% of BNPPF's total revenues in 2021. Financial and economic conditions 
affect the number and size of transactions for which BNPPF provides securities underwriting, financial 
advisory and other investment banking services. These revenues, which include fees from these 
services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which BNPPF participates 
and can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial changes that are unfavourable to its 
investment banking business and clients. In addition, because the fees that BNPPF charges for 
managing its clients' portfolios are in many cases based on the value or performance of those 
portfolios, a market downturn that reduces the value of its clients' portfolios or increases the amount 
of withdrawals would reduce the revenues it receives from its asset management, equity derivatives 
and private banking businesses. 
Adjustments to the carrying value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfolios and BNPPF's own 
debt could have an adverse effect on its net income and shareholders' equity 
The carrying value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, as well 
as its own debt, in its balance sheet is adjusted as of each financial statement date. As at 31 December 
2021, on the assets side of BNPPF's balance sheet, financial instruments at fair value through profit or 
loss, derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes and financial assets at fair value 
through shareholders' equity amounted to EUR 13,634 million, EUR 1,982 million and EUR 7,861 
million respectively. In the liabilities column, financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
and derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes amounted to EUR 22,372 million and 
EUR 3,215 million, respectively, at 31 December 2021. Most of the adjustments are made on the basis 
of changes in fair value of BNPPF's assets or debt during an accounting period, with the changes 
recorded either in the income statement or directly in shareholders' equity. Changes that are recorded 
in the income statement, to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value of other assets, affect 
BNPPF's consolidated revenues and, as a result, its net income. A downward adjustment of the fair 
value of BNPPF's securities and derivatives portfiolios may lead to reduced shareholders' equity and, 
to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value of BNPPF's liabilities, BNPPF's capital 
adequacy ratios may also be lowered. The fact that fair value adjustments are recorded in one 
accounting period does not mean that further adjustments will not be needed in subsequent periods.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 41 - 
 
 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that BNPPF will not be able to honour its commitments or unwind or offset 
a position due to market conditions or specific factors within a specified period of time and at a 
reasonable cost. It reflects the risk of not being able to cope with net cash outflows, including collateral 
requirements, over short-term to long-term horizons. BNPPF's specific risk can be assessed through 
its short-term liquidity ratio ("Liquidity Coverage Ratio" or "LCR"), which analyses the hedging of 
net cash outflows during a thirty-day stress period. The LCR of BNPPF at 31 December 2021 was 
192 per cent.. 
See the press release dated 11 March 2022 published by BNPPF on its 2021 full year results, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
BNPPF's access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of financial crises, 
worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades, increases in sovereign credit spreads 
or other factors 
Over the last ten years, the financial crisis, the eurozone sovereign debt crisis as well as the general 
macroeconomic environment have, at times, adversely affected the availability and cost of funding for 
European banks. This was due to several factors, including a sharp increase in the perception of bank 
credit risk due to exposure to sovereign debt in particular, credit rating downgrades of sovereigns and 
of banks, and debt market speculation. Many European banks, including BNPPF, at various points 
during these periods experienced restricted access to wholesale debt markets for institutional investors 
and to the interbank market, as well as a general increase in their cost of funding. In the context of the 
health crisis, the European Central Bank ("ECB") also set up refinancing facilities designed to foster 
the banks' refinancing of the economy (targeted longer-term refinancing options or "TLTRO", on 
which BNPPF has drawn).  Such adverse credit market conditions may reappear in the event of 
prolonged stagnation of growth, deflation, resurgence of the financial crisis, another sovereign debt 
crisis or new forms of financial crises, factors relating to the financial industry or the economy in 
general (including the economic consequences of the health crisis) or to BNPPF in particular. In this 
case, the effect on the liquidity of the European financial sector in general, and BNPPF in particular, 
could be materially adverse and have a negative impact on BNPPF's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Protracted market declines can reduce BNPPF's liquidity, making it harder to sell assets and possibly 
leading to material losses. Accordingly, BNPPF must ensure that its assets and liabilities properly 
match in order to avoid exposure to losses 
In some of BNPPF's businesses, particularly Global Markets (which represented 2% of BNPPF's 
revenue in 2021) and Asset/Liability Management, protracted market movements, particularly asset 
price declines, can reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce market liquidity. These 
developments can lead to material losses if BNPPF cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely 
way. This is particularly true for assets that are intrinsically illiquid. Assets that are not traded on stock 
exchanges or other public trading markets, such as certain derivative contracts between financial 
institutions, may have values that BNPPF calculates using models rather than publicly‑quoted prices. 
Monitoring the deterioration of prices of assets like these is difficult and could lead to significant 
unanticipated losses (see Chapters 4 ("Note to the Balance Sheet"), 4d ("Measurement of the Fair 
Value of Financial Instruments", pages 107 to 117) and the section entitled "Risk Management and 
Capital Adequacy", page 191 in Chapter 9 ("Liquidity Risk") in the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report).

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 42 - 
 
 
BNPPF is exposed to the risk that the maturity, interest rate or currencies of its assets might not match 
those of its liabilities. The timing of payments on certain of BNPPF's assets is uncertain, and if BNPPF 
receives lower revenues than expected at a given time, it might require additional market funding in 
order to meet its obligations on its liabilities. While BNPPF imposes strict limits on the gaps between 
its assets and its liabilities as part of its risk management procedures, it cannot be certain that these 
limits will be fully effective to eliminate potential losses arising from asset and liability mismatches. 
Any downgrade of BNPPF's credit ratings could weigh heavily on the profitability of BNPPF 
Credit ratings have a significant impact on BNPPF's liquidity. On 23 November 2021, Standard & 
Poor's published a report indicating that BNPPF's long-term issuer credit rating is A+, and its short-
term rating is A-1, with a stable outlook. 
On 28 October 2021, Fitch affirmed its long-term issuer default ratings for BNPPF at A+, and its short-
term rating at F1, with a stable outlook.  
On 2 May 2022, Moody's affirmed its long-term senior unsecured debt rating at A2, and affirmed its 
short-term rating as P-1, with a stable outlook. 
Any rating action may occur at any time by any rating agency. 
A downgrade in BNPPF's credit rating could affect the liquidity and competitive position of BNPPF. 
It could also increase BNPPF's borrowing costs, limit access to the capital markets or trigger additional 
obligations under its covered bonds or under certain bilateral provisions in some trading, derivative or 
collateralized financing contacts. As part of the BNP Paribas Group, BNPPF can be highly sensitive 
to a downgrade by rating agencies of the rating of the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group or a 
deterioration of its debt quality. 
In addition, BNPPF's cost of obtaining long term unsecured funding from market investors is also 
directly related to its credit spreads, which in turn depend to a certain extent on its credit ratings. 
Increases in credit spreads can significantly increase BNPPF's cost of funding. Changes in credit 
spreads are continuous, market driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile 
movements. Credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of BNPPF's creditworthiness. 
Furthermore, credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the cost to purchasers of credit default 
swaps referenced to BNPPF's debt obligations, which are influenced both by the credit quality of those 
obligations, and by a number of market factors that are beyond the control of the BNP Paribas Group. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment 
Adverse economic and financial conditions have in the past had and may in the future have an impact 
on BNPPF and the markets in which it operates 
BNPPF's business is sensitive to changes in the financial markets and more generally to economic 
conditions in Belgium (53% of BNPPF's revenues at 31 December 2021), other countries in Europe 
(35% of BNPPF's revenues at 31 December 2021) and the rest of the world (12% of BNPPF's revenues 
at 31 December 2021). A deterioration in economic conditions in the markets in the countries where 
BNPPF operates and in the economic environment could in the future have, some or all of the 
following impacts: 
 
adverse economic conditions affecting the business and operations of BNPPF's customers, 
reducing credit demand and trading volume and resulting in an increased rate of default on loans

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 43 - 
 
 
and other receivables, in part as a result of the deterioration of the financial capacity of companies 
and households; 
 
a decline in market prices of bonds, equities and commodities affecting the businesses of BNPPF, 
including in particular trading, investment banking and asset management revenues; 
 
macroeconomic policies adopted in response to actual or anticipated economic conditions having 
unintended effects, and are likely to impact market parameters such as interest rates and foreign 
exchange rates, which in turn can affect BNPPF's businesses that are most exposed to market risk; 
 
perceived favourable economic conditions generally or in specific business sectors resulting in 
asset price bubbles, which could in turn exacerbate the impact of corrections when conditions 
become less favourable; 
 
a significant economic disruption (such as the global financial crisis of 2008 or the European 
sovereign debt crisis of 2011 or the COVID-19 pandemic since 2020) having a substantial impact 
on all of BNPPF's activities, particularly if the disruption is characterised by an absence of market 
liquidity that makes it difficult to sell certain categories of assets at their estimated market value 
or at all. These disruptions could also lead to a decline in transaction commissions and consumer 
loans; and 
 
a significant deterioration of market and economic conditions resulting from, among other things, 
adverse political and geopolitical events such as natural disasters, geopolitical tensions, health 
risks such as the COVID-19 health crisis and its aftermath, the fear or recurrence of new epidemics 
or pandemics, acts of terrorism, societal unrest, cyber-attacks, military conflicts or threats thereof 
and related risks may affect the operating environment for BNPPF episodically or for extended 
periods. 
Since 2020, economies and financial markets have been, and should continue in 2022 to be, 
particularly sensitive to a number of factors, including the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
its economic consequences, in particular, the increase in sovereign and corporate debt that pre-dated 
the health crisis and has been aggravated by it, as well as the strength and staying power of the 
economic recovery following the crisis' peak, which is itself dependent on a number of factors (see 
risk factor 7.1 "Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
and their economic consequences may adversely affect BNPPF's business, operations, results and 
financial condition" below). 
In addition, numerous factors may impact the economy and the financial markets in the coming months 
or years, in particular geopolitical tensions (notably in Eastern Europe, and in particular, the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and the reaction of the international community for which the consequences on 
the financial markets and the general business climate are signficantly unfavourable in the short-term 
and remain uncertain in the long term), political risks directly affecting Europe, general trends in 
consumer and commodity prices (themselves affected by the above-mentioned factors) characterised 
by high inflation, corresponding trends in wages, supply chain pressures, the changing economic 
situation in certain countries or regions that contribute to overall global economic growth, tensions 
around international trade and, as discussed below, the evolution of monetary policy and interest rates. 
More generally, the volatility of financial markets could adversely affect BNPPF's trading and 
investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, as well as its positions in 
other investments. Severe market disruptions and extreme market volatility have occurred often in 
recent years and may occur again in the future, which could result in significant losses for BNPPF. 
Such losses may extend to a broad range of trading and hedging products, including swaps, forward

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 44 - 
 
 
and future contracts, options and structured products. The volatility of financial markets makes it 
difficult to predict trends and implement effective trading strategies. 
It is difficult to predict when economic or market downturns or other market disruptions will occur, 
and which markets will be most significantly impacted. If economic or market conditions in Belgium 
or elsewhere in Europe, or Global Markets more generally, were to deteriorate or become more 
volatile, BNPPF's operations could be disrupted, and its business, results of operations and financial 
condition could be adversely affected. 
Significant interest rate changes could adversely affect BNPPF's revenues or profitability. The 
prolonged low interest rate environment carries inherent systemic risks, which could impact BNPPF's 
income or profitability, and any exit from such environment would also carry risks 
The net interest income recorded by BNPPF during any given period significantly affects its overall 
revenues and profitability for that period. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond 
BNPPF's control, such as the rate of inflation, country-specific monetary policies and certain decisions 
concerning regulatory capital. Changes in market interest rates could affect the interest rates charged 
on interest-earning assets differently from the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Any 
adverse change in the yield curve could cause a decline in net interest income generated by BNPPF's 
lending activities. In addition, increases in the interest rates at which BNPPF's short-term funding is 
available and maturity mismatches may adversely affect its profitability. 
Since the 2008-2009 financial crisis, global markets have been characterised by an extended period of 
low interest rates. This low interest rate environment has weighed significantly on banks' profitability, 
including that of BNPPF, for a number of years. The relative impact on banks depends, in particular, 
on the proportion of their revenues represented by net interest income; this proportion was 56% for 
BNPPF in 2021 (see page 48 in the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report). The situation has worsened since 
2019 with the introduction of negative rates, particularly on placements by European banks with the 
ECB. If the low or even negative, interest rate environment continues, despite higher inflation and the 
central banks' reactions to it, BNPPF's profitability could be affected or even decline. In this respect, 
central banks have – in 2020 and again in 2021 – increased their monetary support in the face of the 
recession caused by the health crisis of 2020 and 2021. A reduction in these accommodative policies 
by central banks, particularly in response to increasing inflation, has begun to be implemented by the 
U.S. Federal Reserve, the Bank of England and the ECB. For example, the ECB has indicated that it 
will cease the emergency pandemic purchase programme ("EPPP") in March 2022 and its targeted 
longer-term refinancing operations ("TLTRO 3") in June 2022. 
During periods of low interest rates, interest rate spreads tend to tighten, and BNPPF may be unable 
to lower interest rates on deposits sufficiently to offset reduced income from lending at lower interest 
rates. Net interest income amounted to EUR 4,694 million in 2021 and EUR 4,752 million in 2020, 
respectively (see the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report 2021). The negative interest rate environment in 
which banks are charged for cash deposited with central banks, whereas banks typically do not charge 
clients for deposits, weighs significantly on banks' margins. In addition, BNPPF has been facing and 
may continue to face an increase in early repayment and refinancing of mortgages and other fixed rate 
consumer and corporate loans as clients take advantage of lower borrowing costs. This, along with the 
issuance of new loans at the low prevailing market interest rates, has resulted and may continue to 
result in a decrease in the average interest rate of BNPPF's portfolio of loans thereby causing a decline 
in its net interest income from lending activities. Moreover, an environment of persistently low interest 
rates can also have the effect of flattening the yield curve in the market more generally, which could 
reduce the premium generated by BNPPF from its funding activities. A flattening yield curve can also

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 45 - 
 
 
influence financial institutions to engage in riskier activities in an effort to earn the desired level of 
returns, which can increase overall market risk and volatility. Low interest rates may also affect the 
profitability and even the solvency of the insurance activities of BNPPF, particularly due to the 
prevalence in the market of life insurance contracts backed by euro-denominated funds, which may 
not be able to generate sufficient returns to be competitive with other investment products. Low 
interest rates may also adversely affect commissions charged by BNPPF's asset management 
subsidiaries on money market and other fixed income products. A reduction in credit spreads and 
decline in retail banking income resulting from lower portfolio interest rates may adversely affect the 
profitability of BNPPF's retail banking operations. 
On the other hand, the end of a period of prolonged low interest rates, in particular due to the 
normalisation and tightening of monetary policy (as already initiated by some central banks and 
expected by the market) following the economy's recovery, or inflation a level higher or lasting longer 
than expected by central banks, would also carry risks. If market interest rates were to rise generally, 
a portfolio featuring significant amounts of lower interest loans and fixed income assets would be 
expected to decline in value. If BNPPF's hedging strategies are ineffective or provide only a partial 
hedge against such a change in value, BNPPF could incur losses. Any sharper or more rapid than 
expected tightening could have a negative impact on the economic recovery. On the lending side, it 
could in particular cause stress in loan and bond portfolios, possibly leading to an increase in non-
performing exposures and defaults. More generally, the reduction of accommodative monetary 
policies (already initiated by some central banks after a period of substantial liquidity infusions from 
asset purchases) by central banks may, even if implemented progressively, lead to severe corrections 
in certain markets or asset classes (e.g., non-investment grade corporate and sovereign borrowers, 
certain sectors of equities and real estate) that particularly benefited (including from very low risk 
premia as compared to historical averages) from the prolonged low interest rate and high liquidity 
environment, and such corrections could potentially be contagious to financial markets generally, 
including through substantially increased volatility. 
Given the global scope of its activities, BNPPF is exposed to country risk and to changes in the  
political, macroeconomic or financial contexts of a region or country 
BNPPF is subject to country risk, meaning the risk that economic, financial, political or social 
conditions in a given foreign country in which it operates could adversely affect BNPPF's operations, 
its results, its financial condition or its business. BNPPF monitors country risk and takes it into account 
in the fair value adjustments and cost of risk recorded in its financial statements. However, a significant 
change in political or macroeconomic environments may require it to record additional charges or to 
incur losses beyond the amounts previously written down in its financial statements. In addition, 
factors specific to a country or region in which BNPPF operates could make it difficult for it to carry 
out its business and lead to losses or impairment of assets. 
At 31 December 2021, BNPPF's loan portfolio consisted of receivables from borrowers located in 
Belgium (60%), France (5%), Luxembourg (10%), other European countries (16%), North America 
(1%), and the rest of the world (8%). Adverse conditions that particularly affect these countries and 
regions would have a significant impact on BNPPF. 
Regulatory risks

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 46 - 
 
 
Laws and regulations adopted in recent years, as well as current and future legislative and regulatory 
developments may significantly impact BNPPF and the financial and economic environment in which 
it operates 
Laws and regulations have been enacted in the past few years, in particular in Belgium, Europe and 
the United States, with a view to introducing a number of changes, some permanent, in the financial 
environment. The impact of the measures has changed substantially the environment in which BNPPF 
and other financial institutions operate. 
The measures that have been adopted include: 
 
more stringent capital and liquidity requirements (particularly for global systemically important 
banks such as the BNP Paribas Group), as well as changes to the risk-weighting methodologies 
and the methods of using internal models that have led, could have led or could lead to increased 
capital requirements; 
 
restrictions on certain types of activities considered as speculative undertaken by commercial 
banks that are prohibited or need to be ring fenced in subsidiaries (particularly proprietary trading) 
and are subject to prudential requirements and autonomous funding; 
 
prohibitions or restrictions on fees for certain types of financial products or activities; 
 
enhanced recovery and resolution regimes, in particular the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive of 15 May 2014 (the "BRRD"), as amended from time to time, which strengthens powers 
to prevent and resolve banking crises in order to ensure that losses are borne largely by the 
creditors and shareholders of the banks and in order to keep the costs incurred by taxpayers to a 
minimum; 
 
the establishment of the national resolution funds by the BRRD and the creation of the Single 
Resolution Board (the "SRB") by the European Parliament and Council of the European Union in 
a resolution dated 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation"), as amended from time to time, which 
can initiate resolution proceedings for banking institutions such as BNPPF, and the Single 
Resolution Fund (the "SRF"), the financing of which by BNPPF (up to its annual contribution) 
can be significant; 
 
the establishment of national deposit guarantee schemes and a proposed European deposit 
guarantee scheme or deposit insurance which will gradually cover all or part of the guarantee 
schemes of participating countries; 
 
increased internal control and reporting requirements with respect to certain activities; 
 
the implementation of regulatory stress tests (including in relation to climate change risk) which 
could lead to additional regulatory capital requirements (see the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report); 
 
greater powers granted to the relevant authorities to combat money laundering and terrorism 
financing; 
 
more stringent governance and conduct of business rules and restrictions and increased taxes on 
employee compensation over specified levels; 
 
measures to improve the transparency, efficiency and integrity of financial markets and in 
particular the regulation of high frequency trading, more extensive market abuse regulations, 
increased regulation of certain types of financial products including mandatory reporting of

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 47 - 
 
 
derivative and securities financing transactions, requirements either to mandatorily clear, or 
otherwise mitigate risks in relation to, over-the-counter derivative transactions (including through 
posting of collateral in respect of non-centrally cleared derivatives); 
 
the taxation of financial transactions; 
 
enhanced protection of personal data and cybersecurity requirements; 
 
enhanced disclosure requirements, including through the introduction of new disclosure 
requirements on (i) how banking groups providing asset management services, such as BNPPF, 
integrate sustainability risks, negative impacts, sustainable investment objectives or the promotion 
of environmental or social attributes when making investment decisions, and (ii) how and to what 
extent banking groups themselves finance or develop economic activities that can be considered 
environmentally sustainable as defined in the European Taxonomy; 
 
the introduction of new requirements for the integration of climate risk into the risk measurement 
and management systems of banking groups, including through the publication of proposals for 
banks to manage and disclose climate risk; and 
 
strengthening the powers of supervisory bodies and the creation of new authorities, including the 
adoption of the Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM") in October 2013, pursuant to which 
BNPPF is under the direct supervision of the ECB. 
These measures may have a significant adverse impact. For example, the introduction of a required 
contribution to the Single Resolution Fund resulted in a substantial additional expense for BNPPF 
(BNPPF made a EUR 89 million contribution to the SRF in 2021). 
Measures relating to the banking sector could be further amended, expanded or strengthened. 
Moreover, additional measures could be adopted in other areas. It is impossible to predict what 
additional measures will be adopted or what their exact content will be, and, given the complexity of 
the issues and the uncertainty surrounding them, to determine their impact on BNPPF. The effect of 
these measures, whether already adopted or that may be adopted in the future, has been and could 
continue to be a decrease in BNPPF's ability to allocate its capital and capital resources to financing, 
limit its ability to diversify risks, reduce the availability of certain financing and liquidity resources, 
increase the cost of financing, increase the cost of compliance, increase the cost or reduce the demand 
for the products and services offered by BNPPF, require BNPPF to proceed with internal 
reorganizations, structural changes or reallocations, affect the ability of BNPPF to carry on certain 
activities or to attract and/or retain talent and, more generally, affect its competitiveness and 
profitability, which could have an impact on its profitability, financial condition and operating results. 
As a recent example, on 27 October 2021 the European Commission presented a legislative package 
to finalise the implementation within the European Union of the Basel III agreement adopted by the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision ("GHOS") on 7 December 2017. This 
legislative package will in the next stage be discussed by the European Parliament and Council with a 
view to agreeing on a final text. In the impact assessment accompanying the legislative package, the 
European Commission estimated, on the basis of a European Banking Authority ("EBA") impact study 
dated December 2020 and of additional European Commission’s estimates for some EU-specific 
adjustments, that the implementation of the final Basel III standards may result in an average increase 
in total minimum capital requirements ranging between 6.4% and 8.4% after a full implementation of 
the reform. On the basis of the EBA’s updated impact analysis taking into account the combined effect 
of the reform and the potential consequences of the health crisis, the European Commission opted to 
apply the new capital requirements to EU banks as of 1 January 2025, with a phase-in period during

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 48 - 
 
 
which the requirements will be gradually increased through 2030 (and 2032 for certain requirements). 
BNPPF is subject to extensive and evolving regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
BNPPF faces the risk of changes in legislation or regulation in all of the countries in which it operates, 
including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
monetary, liquidity, interest rate and other policies of central banks and regulatory authorities; 
 
changes in government or regulatory policy that may significantly influence investor decisions, in 
particular in the markets in which BNPPF operates; 
 
changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the financial industry, such as rules relating to 
applicable governance, remunerations, capital adequacy and liquidity frameworks, restrictions on 
activities considered as speculative and recovery and resolution frameworks; 
 
changes in securities regulations as well as in financial reporting, disclosure and market abuse 
regulations; 
 
changes in the regulation of certain types of transactions and investments, such as derivatives and 
securities financing transactions and money market funds; 
 
changes in the regulation of market infrastructures, such as trading venues, central counterparties, 
central securities depositories, and payment and settlement systems; 
 
changes in the regulation of payment services, crowdfunding and fintech; 
 
changes in the regulation of protection of personal data and cybersecurity; 
 
changes in tax legislation or the application thereof; 
 
changes in accounting norms; 
 
changes in rules and procedures relating to internal controls, risk management and compliance; 
and 
 
expropriation, nationalization, price controls, exchange controls, confiscation of assets and 
changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership. 
These changes, the scope and implications of which are highly unpredictable, could substantially affect 
BNPPF and have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Certain reforms not directed specifically at financial institutions, such as measures relating to the funds 
industry or promoting technological innovation (such as open data projects), could facilitate the entry 
of new players in the financial services sector or otherwise affect BNPPF's business model, 
competitiveness and profitability, which could in turn affect its financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Finally, the accommodative policies implemented temporarily by national and European regulatory 
authorities in the context of the health crisis have either lapsed or are expected to lapse gradually, 
although their remaining course is not currently certain (see risk factor 7.1 "Epidemics and pandemics, 
including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their economic consequences may 
adversely affect BNPPF's business, operations, results and financial condition" below).

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 49 - 
 
 
BNPPF may incur substantial fines and other administrative and criminal penalties for 
non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and may also incur losses in related (or 
unrelated) litigation with private parties 
BNPPF is exposed to regulatory compliance risk, i.e., the failure to comply fully with the laws, 
regulations, codes of conduct, professional norms or recommendations applicable to the financial 
services industry. This risk is exacerbated by the adoption by different countries of multiple and 
occasionally diverging and even conflicting legal or regulatory requirements. Besides damage to 
BNPPF's reputation and private rights of action (including class actions), non-compliance could lead 
to material legal proceedings, fines and expenses (including fines and expenses in excess of recorded 
provisions), public reprimand, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, withdrawal by 
the authorities of operating licenses. This risk is further exacerbated by continuously increasing 
regulatory scrutiny of financial institutions as well as substantial increases in the quantum of applicable 
fines and penalties. Moreover, litigation by private parties against financial institutions has 
substantially increased in recent years. Accordingly, BNPPF faces significant legal risk in its 
operations, and the volume and amount of damages claimed in litigation, regulatory proceedings and 
other adversarial proceedings against financial services firms have substantially increased in recent 
years and may increase further. BNPPF may record provisions in this respect as indicated in the 
BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, under the chapter entitled "Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2021", in particular note 4. "Notes to the balance sheet at 31 December 2021" and note 4n. 
"Provisions for contingencies and charges". 
In this respect, on 30 June 2014 the BNP Paribas Group entered into a series of agreements with, and 
was the subject of several orders issued by, U.S. federal and New York state government agencies and 
regulatory authorities in settlement of investigations into violations of U.S. laws and regulations 
regarding economic sanctions. The BNP Paribas Group remains subject to increased scrutiny by 
regulatory authorities (including via the presence of an independent consultant within the BNP Paribas 
Group) who are monitoring its compliance with a remediation plan agreed with them. 
BNPPF is currently involved in various litigation and investigations as summarised in the note to its 
consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2021 (see the BNPPF 2021 
Annual Report, under the chapter entitled "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2021", in 
particular note 7. "Additional information" and note 7.a "Contingent liabilities: legal proceedings and 
arbitration"). It may become involved in further such matters at any point. No assurance can be given 
that an adverse outcome in one or more of such matters would not have a material adverse effect on 
BNPPF's operating results for any particular period. 
BNPPF could experience an unfavourable change in circumstances, causing it to become subject to a 
resolution proceeding: holders of securities of BNPPF could suffer losses as a result 
The BRRD, SRM Regulation and the law of 25 April 2014, confer upon the NBB or the SRB the 
power to commence resolution proceedings for a banking institution, such as BNPPF, with a view to 
ensure the continuity of critical functions, to avoid the risks of contagion and to recapitalise or restore 
the viability of the institution. These powers are to be implemented so that, subject to certain 
exceptions, losses are borne first by shareholders, then by holders of additional capital instruments 
qualifying as Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), then by the holders of non-preferred 
senior debt and finally by the holders of senior preferred debt, all in accordance with the order of their 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings. For reference, BNPPF's medium- to long-term wholesale 
financing at 31 December 2020 consisted of the following: EUR 0.07 billion in hybrid Tier 1 debt, 
EUR 2.5 billion in Tier 2 subordinated debt, EUR 2.3 billion in structured notes and EUR 7.9 billion

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 50 - 
 
 
in other senior unsecured debt. As of 31 December 2021, the financing consisted of the following: 
EUR 0.7 billion in hybrid, Tier 1, EUR 1 billion in Tier 2 subordinated debt, EUR 1.9 billion 
subordinated debt not recognised in Tier 2, EUR 2.0 billion in structured notes and EUR 8.3 billion in 
other senior unsecured debt. 
Resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution measures with respect to institutions 
and groups subject to resolution proceedings, which may include (without limitation): the total or 
partial sale of the institution's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, 
the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, the full or 
partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital instruments through the issuance of 
new equity, the full or partial write down or conversion into equity of debt instruments, modifications 
to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable 
and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of financial instruments, the dismissal of managers or the appointment of a special manager 
(administrateur spécial). 
Certain powers, including the full or partial write down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital 
instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write down or conversion into equity 
of additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), can also 
be exercised as a precautionary measure, outside of resolution proceedings and/or pursuant to the 
European Commission's State Aid framework if the institution requires exceptional public financial 
support. 
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to BNPPF may result in significant 
structural changes to BNPPF (including as a result of asset or business sales or the creation of bridge 
institutions) and in a partial or total write down, modification or variation of claims of shareholders 
and creditors. Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of BNPPF's business or 
separation of any of its assets, in the holders of securities (even in the absence of any such write down 
or conversion) being left as the creditors of BNPPF whose remaining business or assets are insufficient 
to support the claims of all or any of the creditors of the BNP Paribas Group. 
Risks related to BNPPF's growth in its current environment 
Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their 
economic consequences may adversely affect BNPPF's business, operations, results and financial 
condition 
A global pandemic linked to a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has severely disrupted 
economies and financial markets worldwide since 2020. The introduction of lockdown measures and 
other restrictions initially caused economies in many regions to contract, trade to decline, production 
capacity to decrease, growth forecasts to be cut and supply chains to be disrupted. In a second phase, 
the rollout of vaccination campaigns and the adaptation of economic actors allowed the gradual 
adaptation of these measures and restrictions, leading to a recovery in economic activity. As a result, 
various growth forecasts converge on a strong economic recovery. For example, according to the 
January 2022 estimates and projections of the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF"), world 
economic growth is expected to be 5.9 % in 2021 and 4.4 % in 2022. 
Nevertheless, uncertainties remain as to the strength and sustainability of the recovery, both in terms 
of the public health situation (e.g., the appearance of new strains of the virus) and the economy (which 
could lead to doubt as to the extent and durability of the recovery). In this respect, the outlook for 2022 
was lowered for both emerging and developing countries, as well as for advanced countries, compared

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 51 - 
 
 
to the IMF projections published in October 2021. Various complicating factors will affect the 
trajectory of economic recovery. International supply chains, which had been strained severely by 
pandemic-related mobility restrictions, remain heavily disrupted, generating shortages of certain 
consumer goods (such as a dearth of semiconductors causing delays in the production of telephones 
and automobiles) and oil and gas supply and labour market constraints, having both specific (for 
example, raw materials price increases) and general (inflation rate) effects on prices. 
Further, while various governments and central banks implemented and supplemented measures to 
support the economy and its recovery (to mitigate the adverse economic and market consequences of 
the pandemic, there can be no assurance that such measures will suffice to redress the pandemic's 
negative impact on the regional or global economy over time, entirely compensate for or mitigate 
regional or global recessions (which occurred and could reoccur), or fully and over time prevent 
possible disruptions to the financial markets. 
The lifting of government support measures could also harm economic activity and the financial 
strength of economic actors. Overall, the crisis has impacted and may continue to impact the 
economies of the principal countries where BNPPF operaties, particularly its domestic markets 
(Belgium, France and Luxembourg), which collectively represented 75 per cent. of its total gross credit 
exposures as of 31 December 2021.  
BNPPF's results and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely impacted by 
the effects of the crisis related to the pandemic and the resulting disruption of economic activity in its 
principal markets.  
In particular, the crisis significantly affected BNPPF's cost of risk in 2020, reflecting macroeconomic 
projections based on various scenarios applying the framework in place prior to the crisis. Under this 
framework, macroeconomic projections (specifically GDP estimates and forecasts) are key to 
calculating the cost of risk and the consequences of the health crisis included a temporary decrease in 
GDP growth estimates for many of BNPPF's markets. The cost of risk calculation also takes into 
account the specific dynamics of the crisis in 2020, along with anticipated future impacts on credit and 
counterparty risk, including the consequences of lockdown measures on economic activity and the 
impact of government support measures and decisions. These factors contributed to the substantial 
increase in BNPPF's cost of risk in 2020. In the 2021 financial year, that amounted to EUR 359 million, 
corresponding to 18 basis points of average outstanding customer loans, to be compared to 32 basis 
points in 2020. The decrease in cost of risk (EUR 317 million) is mainly due to the provisioning of 
expected losses on performing loans (stages 1 and 2) (EUR 79 million). This provisioning takes into 
account in particular updated macroeconomic scenarios, in accordance with IFRS 9 principles. 
Developments in the current health crisis and market conditions have characteristics that could 
increase the probability and magnitude of various existing risks faced by BNPPF such as: 
(a) 
pressure on revenues due in particular to (i) prolongation of the low interest rate environment; 
and (ii) lower revenues from fees and commissions; 
(b) 
renewed heightened risk linked to an economic slowdown due to inflationary pressures 
(energy prices, labour market tensions), supply chain disruption or withdrawal of government 
support measures; 
(c) 
risk of financial market disruption in the event of poorly anticipated changes in monetary 
policies; and

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 52 - 
 
 
(d) 
higher risk-weighted assets due to the deterioration of risk parameters, hence affecting 
BNPPF's capital position. 
BNPPF's results and financial condition could also be harmed by negative trends in the financial 
markets, to the extent that the pandemic initially caused extreme market conditions (such as, volatility 
spikes, a sharp drop in equity markets, tensions on spreads, specific asset markets on hold). 
Uncertainties about the scope and durability of the economic recovery, the easing or strengthening of 
government support measures, and the pressures linked to supply chains and raw material procurement 
have generated and could generate unfavourable market conditions. 
The extent to which the short, medium and long-term economic consequences of the pandemic will 
continue to affect BNPPF's results and financial condition will depend largely on:  
(a) 
the intensity and duration of restrictive measures that have been put in place or their periodic 
reintroduction, depending on the evolution of the health situation; 
(b)  
the timing and extent of a return to pre-pandemic lifestyles, business operations and economic 
interactions; 
(c)  
the effects of the measures taken to date or future measures that may be taken by governments 
and central banks to attenuate the economic fallout of the pandemic or the terms and 
conditions for lifting these measures; and 
(d)  
the duration and extent of the pandemic's remaining course, including the prospect of new 
waves or the appearance of new strains of the virus and, consequently, a reinstatement or 
strengthening of lockdown measures or other restrictions, such as in relation to travel, in 
BNPPF's various markets, as well as the pace and mechanisms of deployment of immunisation 
programmes. In addition, while the actions of European Union and member states' authorities 
(in particular, central banks and governments) in response to the pandemic have to date helped 
and may well continue to help attenuate its adverse economic and market consequences, the 
authorities have also issued and may continue to issue additional restrictions or 
recommendations in respect of banks' actions. In particular, in 2020 and 2021 they limited 
banks' flexibility in managing their business and taking action in relation to capital 
distribution, capital allocation and compensation policies. 
Due to the unprecedented environment generated by the COVID-19 crisis, various pandemic-related 
uncertainties around public health, society and the economy persist. The consequences for BNPPF 
will depend on the duration of the impact of the crisis, the measures taken by governments and central 
banks and the ability of society to recover, and are therefore difficult to predict. 
BNPPF's current environment may be affected by the intense competition amongst banking and non-
banking operators, which could adversely affect BNPPF's revenues and profitability 
Competition is intense in all of BNPPF's primary business areas in Belgium and the other countries in 
which it conducts a substantial portion of its business, including other European countries and the 
United States. Competition in the banking industry could intensify as a result of consolidation in the 
financial services area, as a result of the presence of new players in the payment and the financing 
services area or the development of crowdfunding platforms, as well as the continuing evolution of 
consumer habits in the banking sector.  New technologies that facilitate or transform transaction 
processes and payment systems, such as blockchain technologies and related services, or that could 
significantly impact the fundamental mechanisms of the banking system, such as central bank digital

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 53 - 
 
 
currencies ("CBDC"), have been developed in recent years or could be developed in the near future. 
While it is difficult to predict the effects of these developments and the regulations that apply to them, 
the use of such technology could nevertheless reduce the market share of banks, including BNPPF, 
secure investments that otherwise would have used technology used by more established financial 
institutions, such as BNPPF or, more broadly, lead to the emergence of a different monetary system 
in which the attractiveness of using established financial institutions, such as BNPPF, would be 
affected. If such developments continue to gain momentum, particularly with the support of 
governments and central banks, and if BNPPF is unable to respond to the competitive environment in 
Belgium or in its other major markets by offering more attractive, innovative and profitable product 
and service solutions than those offered by current competitors or new entrants or if some of these 
activities were to be carried out by institutions other than banks, it may lose market share in key areas 
of its business or incur losses on some or all of its activities. In addition, downturns in the economies 
of its principal markets could add to the competitive pressure, through, for example, increased price 
pressure and lower business volumes for BNPPF and its competitors. It is also possible that the 
imposition of more stringent requirements (particularly capital requirements and business restrictions) 
on large or systemically significant financial institutions, that new players may not be subject to, could 
lead to distortions in competition in a manner adverse to large private sector institutions such as 
BNPPF. 
BNPPF could experience business disruption and losses due to climate change risks such as transition 
risks, physical risks or liability risks 
BNPPF is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own operations or 
indirectly through its financing and investment activities. There are two main types of risks related to 
climate change: (i) transition risks, which result from changes in the behaviour of economic and 
financial actors in response to the implementation of energy policies or technological changes; (ii) 
physical risks, which result from the direct impact of climate change on people and property through 
extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising water levels or increasing temperatures. In 
addition, liability risks may arise from both categories of risk. They correspond to the damages that a 
legal entity would have to pay if it were found to be responsible for global warming. BNPPF is 
progressively integrating the assessment of these risks into its risk management system. The BNP 
Paribas Group monitors these risks in the conduct of its business, in the conduct of its counterparties' 
business, and in its investments on its own behalf and on behalf of third parties. In this respect, the 
specific credit policies and the General Credit Policy have been enhanced since 2012 and 2014, 
respectively, with the addition of relevant clauses in terms of social and environmental responsibility. 
In addition, sector-specific policies and policies excluding certain environmental, social and 
governance sectors from financing have also been put in place. In 2019, as part of the fight against 
climate change, the BNP Paribas Group made new commitments to reduce its exposure to thermal 
coal to zero by 2030 in the European Union and by 2040 for the rest of the world. The BNP Paribas 
Group also supports its clients, both individuals and businesses, in their transition to a low-carbon 
economy. The BNP Paribas Group also aims to reduce the environmental footprint of its own 
operations. Despite the actions taken by the BNP Paribas Group to monitor risks and combat climate 
change, physical, transition or liability risks related to climate change could disrupt business or lead 
to losses. 
Changes in certain holdings in credit or financial institutions could have an impact on BNPPF's 
financial position 
Certain classes of assets may carry a high risk-weight of 250%. These assets include: credit or financial 
institutions consolidated under the equity method within the prudential scope (excluding insurance);

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 54 - 
 
 
significant financial interest in credit or financial institutions in which BNPPF holds a stake of more 
than 10%; and deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability and arise from temporary differences. 
The risk-weighted assets carrying a risk-weight of 250% amounted to EUR 8.5 billion at 31 December 
2021, or 7.0% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPPF. If BNPPF increases the amount of heavy 
risk-weighted assets (either by increasing the proportion of such heavy risk-weighted assets in its 
overall asset portfolio or due to an increase of the regulatory risk-weighting applicable to these assets), 
its capital adequacy ratios may be lowered. 
Risk factors relating to the business of BNP Paribas Fortis Funding 
The primary credit protection for securities issued by BP2F will derive from the guarantees given by 
BNPPF. The principal activity of BP2F is to act as a financing vehicle for BNPPF and the companies 
controlled by BNPPF by issuing bonds, notes or other securities, by performing any refinancing 
operations with or without a guarantee and in general having recourse to any sources of finance. 
Securities issued by BP2F have the benefit of guarantees issued by BNPPF so the primary credit 
protection for investors will derive from these guarantees. 
When BP2F issues structured securities, it hedges the structured components with hedging 
counterparties such as BNPPF or other entities of the BNP Paribas Group. BP2F's ability to perform 
its obligations in respect of the structured return may depend on the ability of these hedging 
counterparties to meet their obligations under the hedge. 
BP2F's ability to perform its obligations in respect of securities may depend on the operating 
performance of those companies to which the proceeds of the securities are lent. BP2F will lend the 
proceeds from the securities to certain of BNP Paribas Fortis group's operating companies or invest in 
securities issued by those companies. Investors are, therefore, also exposed to the operating 
performance of the operating companies to which BP2F may lend proceeds or in which BP2F may 
invest, whose performance could change over time. 
The financial condition of the operating companies to which the proceeds of the securities are lent 
may deteriorate and this may affect BP2F's ability to perform its obligations under the securities as 
BP2F's ability to meet its obligations will be reliant on the financial condition of the operating 
companies, if such operating companies' financial condition were to deteriorate and to the extent that 
funds are not available under the guarantees, BP2F and holders of securities could suffer direct and 
materially adverse consequences, including insufficient return on the securities and, if a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of BP2F were to occur, loss by holders of all or part of their investment. 
As a result of the above, BP2F has a significant concentration of credit risk in respect of BNPPF and 
other BNP Paribas Group entities. As at 31 December 2021, such credit risk amounted to EUR 
2,237,633,661.98 plus interest. Therefore, if BNPPF or any other BNP Paribas Group entity fails to 
satisfy its obligations under any transaction entered into with BP2F, holders of Notes issued by BP2F 
may suffer losses. 
BP2F is not an operating company so has limited capital resources. Its financial condition therefore 
mainly depends on its ability to issue securities and otherwise raise finance. A deteriorating or 
challenging economic situation can make it more difficult for BP2F to raise finance, which could have 
a negative effect on BP2F's financial condition. 
Investors should also refer to the risk factors relating to BNPPF set out above under "Credit risk, 
counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book", "Operational risk", "Market risk",

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 55 - 
 
 
"Liquidity and funding risk", "Risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment", 
"Regulatory risks" and "Risks related to the implementation of BNPPF's growth in its current 
environment", which are also applicable to BP2F but must be considered in the light of the specific 
activities, businesses, location, jurisdiction, applicable laws, composition of assets and liabilities, 
finances and other features of BP2F. BNPPF is the parent company of BP2F. 
(II) 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO NOTES 
A number of the risks described below may be relevant to a specific Series of Notes, depending on the 
terms of those Notes. The effect of this compounding of risks is likely to increase the volatility of the 
Notes and increase the possibility that a holder loses some or all of their investment or does not receive 
the anticipated return. 
Investors should also refer to the general investment considerations in relation to Notes in the 
"Investment Considerations" section below. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme may be structured such that principal, interest and/or premium, if 
any, payable on such Notes are determined by reference to the value or level of various underlying 
factors or a combination thereof (as further described in the "Investment Considerations" section 
below), including, but not limited to one or more inflation indices, one or more currencies (including 
exchange rates or swap indices between currencies or composite currencies), one or more interest 
rates, formulae or other variables (the "Underlying Reference"). If an Underlying Reference does not 
perform as expected, this will have a material adverse impact on the amounts (if any) that Noteholders 
will receive in respect of the Notes and may also negatively affect the value of the Notes. 
An issue of Structured Notes may not give a holder the right to reimbursement of the nominal value 
of such Note, and there is a risk that holders could lose all or part of their capital. 
Risks associated with specific types of products 
(i) 
Risks associated with Notes having a "Vanilla" feature (including FI FX Vanilla Notes and 
Notes with FI FX Vanilla Coupons) 
The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and 
whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. Investors may be exposed to a partial or total 
loss of their investment. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Notes having a "Digital" feature (including Notes with FI Digital 
Coupons, FI Digital Floor Coupons, FI Digital Cap Coupons and FI Digital Plus Coupons) 
The return on the Notes is fixed or variable and will be dependent upon the performance of 
the Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms 
(including floor or cap conditions and knock-in and/or knock-out features). Investors may be 
exposed to a partial loss of their investment. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Notes with a Range Accrual Coupon 
Interest may only be payable and/or calculated in respect of certain specified days and/or 
periods on or during which the Underlying Reference or its value equals, exceeds and/or is

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 56 - 
 
 
less than certain specified thresholds and if such conditions are not satisfied, Noteholders may 
not receive any interest, thus negatively affecting the Noteholder's overall yield. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Notes with a Combination Floater Coupon 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes may be (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a floating rate plus 
a margin (which can be equal to zero), where the floating rate may be the sum of one or more 
floating interest rates or inflation rates with individual gearings applied and where the sum of 
the floating rate and margin is subject to a floor and a cap. Investors may be exposed to a 
partial loss of their investment. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Notes with a PRDC Coupon 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes will depend on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. Depending on whether a knock-
in or knock-out event has occurred, Noteholders may not receive any interest, thus negatively 
affecting the Noteholder's overall yield. 
(vi) 
Risks associated with Notes with a FI Target Coupon 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes will depend on whether automatic early redemption 
features apply, and the level of the relevant interest rate during the specified target interest 
period. Investors may be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. 
(vii) 
Risks associated with FI Inflation Notes 
The return on the Notes may be either an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the 
Calculation Amount or, if greater, the total positive inflation accretion within a specified 
period multiplied by the Calculation Amount. 
Noteholders will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes. 
A key difference between Notes which pay a floating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") and 
Notes which pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Notes") is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and 
Conditions provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk 
if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only 
at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the relevant Issuer's ability to issue 
Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate 
Notes (and vice versa). 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 57 - 
 
 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed to floating rate Notes initially bear interest at a fixed rate. Conversion from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate then takes place either automatically or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, at the option 
of the relevant Issuer (if certain predetermined conditions are met or at the sole discretion of the 
relevant Issuer). The conversion (whether automatic or optional) of the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market in, and the market value of, the Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower 
overall cost of borrowing for the relevant Issuer. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the 
spread on the fixed rate to floating rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on 
comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Investments in Notes which bear interest at an inverse floating rate comprise (a) a fixed base rate 
minus (b) a reference rate ("Inverse Floating Rate Notes"). Investors should note that any increase 
in the value or level of the Underlying Reference will not lead to a corresponding increase in the 
principal, interest and/or premium payable on the Notes and consequently the value of the Notes. Any 
increase in the value or level of the Underlying Reference will result in a decrease in the principal, 
interest and/or premium payable on the Notes, and therefore the market value of such Notes. The 
market value of such Notes is usually more volatile than the market value of floating rate Notes based 
on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are 
more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, 
but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which may further reduce the market value 
of these Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
Notes subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer, other early redemption (including 
Automatic Early Redemption) and consequences of early redemption 
An optional or other early redemption feature (including an Automatic Early Redemption feature) is 
likely to limit the market value of the Notes. In the case of Notes with an optional redemption feature, 
during any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant Notes, the market value 
of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This may also be true prior to any redemption period. In addition, the Final Terms may provide that 
the relevant Notes will be redeemed early in specified circumstances, such as the occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event, an Optional Additional Disruption Event and/or an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event. Following an optional or other early redemption (including an Automatic Early 
Redemption), a holder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds (if any) at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. As a consequence, the holder may lose some or all of 
their investment. Investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. In addition, in the case of Notes with an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the value of 
the Notes and the amount that holders receive upon an Automatic Early Redemption may not correlate 
with the value of the Underlying Reference (if any), which may trigger such Automatic Early

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 58 - 
 
 
Redemption and Noteholders could receive a significantly lower return than expected in relation to 
the change in value of such Underlying Reference. 
Minimum trading amount may affect a Noteholder's ability to transfer their Notes 
If the Notes have a minimum trading amount, a Noteholder will not be permitted to transfer its Notes 
prior to redemption without purchasing enough additional Notes to hold the minimum trading amount. 
The Noteholder may not be able to purchase additional Notes, in which case they will have to wait 
until redemption of the Notes to realise any value. If they are able to purchase additional Notes, this 
may be at a price higher than their original investment and is likely to adversely affect the overall 
return they achieve on their investment. 
Risks associated with Notes traded in integral multiples that are different to the minimum Specified 
Denomination 
If the Notes are traded in denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one 
or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, such Notes may be traded in amounts in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. If at any time a Noteholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination they would not be able to sell or transfer the remainder of such holding or 
exchange the remainder of such holding for a definitive Note without first purchasing a principal 
amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination. In these circumstances, 
there is a risk that the price to purchase additional Notes may be greater than the original price paid 
by the investor and/or such Notes may be illiquid and difficult to trade meaning that Noteholders may 
be required to retain their investment until redemption. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms at the start of an offer period in respect of 
the issue price, Gearing, Cap Percentage, any Constant Percentage, barrier value or level, Floor 
Percentage, Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level, prospective purchasers of Notes should be aware 
that the actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, selected from within the indicative range 
specified for the issue price, Gearing, Cap Percentage, any Constant Percentage, barrier value or level, 
Floor Percentage, Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level, as applicable, in respect of any Notes may 
have a negative impact on the interest payable and/or final return on the Notes when compared with 
another price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, within the indicative range. 
Gap Risk 
The relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying Reference(s) may change suddenly and 
significantly during the trading day or at the opening of the market. Such change may be positive or 
negative and is known as the "Gap Risk". If the price of the Notes includes a premium, this will be 
calculated to take account of the cost to the Issuer or its Affiliates of unwinding its hedging positions 
in relation to the Notes on early redemption of the Notes and the Gap Risk associated with the relevant 
level, value or price of the Underlying Reference(s). Noteholders will not receive a refund of this 
premium if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, which could significantly reduce the return 
a Noteholder stands to receive on its investment.

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 59 - 
 
 
Limited exposure to Underlying Reference(s) 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the relevant Notes to one or more Underlying 
References is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Notes will not benefit from 
any upside in the value of any such Underlying Reference(s) beyond such limit or cap. In this case, 
Noteholders will not receive as much from their investment as they would have done if they had 
invested directly in the Underlying Reference(s) or in alternative Notes without such features. The 
likelihood of this occurring is dependent on the likelihood of the Underlying Reference(s) performing 
such that the limit or cap affects the Notes. 
Risk of leveraged exposure 
Notes including a leverage feature magnify gains and losses. If the Underlying Reference moves 
against expectations, Noteholders risk losing a greater proportion of their investment than if they had 
invested in a Note that is not leveraged. 
The terms of the Notes do not contain a negative pledge and the Issuer is entitled to incur additional 
debt 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes place 
no restrictions on the incurrence by the Issuers or the Guarantor of additional obligations that rank 
pari passu with, or senior to, the Notes. In addition, the Issuers or the Guarantor may pledge assets to 
secure other notes or debt instruments without granting an equivalent pledge or security interest and 
status to the Notes. An increase of the outstanding amount of such securities or other liabilities could 
reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by the Noteholders on a winding-up of the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor, if the amount outstanding exceeds the assets of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. 
Noteholders could suffer a loss of their entire investment if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
becomes insolvent (whether voluntarily or otherwise). 
Purchasing the Notes as a hedge may not be effective 
Any person intending to use the Notes as a hedge instrument should recognise the correlation risk. The 
Notes may not be a perfect hedge to an Underlying Reference or portfolio of which the Underlying 
Reference forms a part. In addition, it may not be possible to liquidate the Notes at a level which 
directly reflects the price of the Underlying Reference or portfolio of which the Underlying Reference 
forms a part. 
Risks Relating to the Underlying Reference(s) and Disruption and/or Adjustment Mechanisms 
Noteholders have no ownership interest in, or claim against, the Underlying Reference 
Structured Notes do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, 
manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Noteholders will not 
have any right of recourse under the Notes to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, 
manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference). The Notes are not in any 
way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in 
respect of an Underlying Reference and such entities have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions on any Noteholders and such consequences may have a negative impact 
on Noteholders. 
The relevant Issuer may choose not to hold the Underlying Reference or any derivatives contracts or 
other instruments linked to the Underlying Reference. Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes,

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 60 - 
 
 
there is no restriction on the ability of the relevant Issuer and/or its affiliates to sell, pledge or otherwise 
convey all rights, title and interest in any Underlying Reference or any derivative contracts or other 
instruments linked to the Underlying Reference. 
The value of Underlying References may be subject to market fluctuations 
Depending on the Underlying Reference, the value of a holder's investment in Structured Notes may 
be significantly adversely affected by the negative impact of market fluctuations caused by economic 
and political developments, changes in interest rates and perceived trends in the prices of securities. 
Certain factors affecting the value of and return on Structured Notes 
In the case of Structured Notes, where the payment of principal, interest and/or premium is determined 
by reference to the performance of an Underlying Reference or a basket of Underlying References, 
Noteholders are subject to the following risks: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile, and so Noteholders may only be able to sell 
their Notes in the secondary market at a loss (if they are able to sell at all); 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected, 
which could negatively affect the value of the Notes; 
(d) 
an Underlying Reference may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the yield may be less than other 
comparable investments; and 
(e) 
if an Underlying Reference in a basket has a disproportionately greater weighting compared 
to other basket components or a weighting greater than one or contains some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the value of such Underlying Reference on interest payable 
will be magnified and could magnify any loss of interest that Noteholders would experience 
compared to an investment in Notes without such features. 
Risks associated with the occurrence of Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Events 
If an Additional Disruption Event (as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) occurs or any Optional Additional Disruption Event (as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) specified in the applicable Final Terms occurs, the Notes may be 
subject to adjustment, early redemption or the amount payable on scheduled redemption may be 
different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. Any of these consequences is 
likely to have a material adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the Notes and/or the return a 
Noteholder can expect to receive on their investment. 
Additional risks associated with Inflation Index-Linked Notes 
Inflation Index-Linked Notes ("Inflation Index-Linked Notes") are Notes whose redemption amount, 
interest amounts and/or premium, if any, may be linked to the performance of one or more inflation 
or price indices during a specified period or on specified dates (as set out in the relevant Final Terms). 
Investment in Inflation Index-Linked Notes involves risks not associated with an investment in 
conventional debt securities. In addition to the risk factors that may apply to Notes in general and

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 61 - 
 
 
Structured Notes in general, potential investors should be aware that in relation to Inflation Index-
Linked Notes: 
(1) 
the payment of principal, interest and/or premium is linked to the change in the level of the 
relevant inflation or price index. If there is little or no change in inflation, the level of the 
inflation or price index may not change. If there is deflation, the level of the inflation or price 
index may decrease; consequently, the payment of principal, interest and/or premium, if any, 
may be less than expected, may be zero or may be the principal protected amount, if any (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
(2) 
the inflation or price index itself and the way such inflation or price index is calculated may 
change in the future. The sponsor of the relevant inflation or price index may change the 
method by which it calculates the index. In addition, changes in the way the inflation or price 
index is calculated could reduce the level of the index, lower the redemption amount, interest 
amount and/or premium, if any, payable on the Notes and consequently significantly reduce 
the value of the Notes. If the relevant inflation or price index is substantially altered or has 
been terminated and/or a substitute index is employed to calculate the redemption amount, 
interest amounts and/or premium, if any, payable on the Notes, as described in the applicable 
Final Terms, that substitution may adversely affect the value of the Notes; 
(3) 
the historical levels of the relevant inflation or price index are not an indication of future levels 
of such index. Fluctuations and trends in the inflation or price index that may have occurred 
in the past are not necessarily indicative of fluctuations or trends that may occur in the future. 
Noteholders will receive the redemption amount, interest amounts and/or premium, if any, 
which will be affected by changes in the relevant inflation or price index and such changes 
may be significant. Changes in the inflation or price index may be a result of various factors 
over which the relevant Issuer has no control; 
(4) 
where an "adjusted" inflation or price index is being used in calculating the redemption 
amount, interest amounts and/or premium, if any, payable on the Notes, there is a risk that the 
adjustments that have been made by the sponsor of such "adjusted" inflation or price index 
have not been made accurately in reducing the impact of seasonally and trends which affect 
inflation. Conversely, where a "non-adjusted" inflation or price index is being used in 
calculating the redemption amount, interest amounts and/or premium, if any, payable on the 
Notes, Noteholders should be aware that such "non-adjusted" inflation or price index is subject 
to the effects of seasonality and trends which affect inflation; and 
(5) 
in certain circumstances following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index, in 
which case the Issuer may redeem the Notes. Such action may have an adverse effect on the 
amount payable on redemption of the Notes. 
Additional risks associated with Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes") are 
Notes whose redemption amount, interest amounts and/or premium, if any, may be linked to one or 
more currency exchange rate. An investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes will entail 
significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. Redemption and 
interest amounts (if any) in respect of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes will be determined 
by reference to the value of one or more Subject Currencies against one or more Base Currencies.

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 62 - 
 
 
Accordingly, an investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes may bear similar market 
risks to a direct currency investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) will affect the value 
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes. Currency values may be affected by complex political 
and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency (or 
basket of currencies), regardless of other market forces. Purchasers of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes risk losing their entire investment if exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket 
of currencies) do not move in the anticipated direction. 
Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international 
currency markets which are influenced by macro economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). If additional 
securities relating to particular currencies are subsequently issued, the supply of securities relating to 
such currencies in the market will increase, which could cause the price at which the Notes and such 
other securities trade in the secondary market to decline significantly. In recent years, rates of 
exchange between some currencies have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily 
indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations 
in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event (as defined in the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions) has occurred or exists on such valuation date, this may result in a 
consequential postponement of the relevant valuation date, or the application of alternative provisions 
for valuation provided in any such Notes which may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity 
of such Notes. The timing of such dates (as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the 
value of the relevant Notes such that the Noteholder may receive a lower cash redemption amount 
and/or interest amount or other payment under the relevant Notes than otherwise would have been the 
case. The occurrence of such a Disruption Event in relation to any currency exchange rate comprising 
a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Notes related to such basket. In addition, any such 
consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the date of redemption of the Notes. 
Additional risks associated with Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon movements in underlying interest rates ("Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes"). 
Interest rates are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro economic, political or 
financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. In recent years, interest 
rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates may rise and/or 
become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any interest rate in the past are not necessarily 
indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations 
in interest rates may adversely affect the value of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes. 
Risks relating to Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations. As a result, Noteholders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes generally face an increased 
performance risk and default risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Notes and other senior 
liabilities and an increased risk of loss in the event of BNPPF's insolvency or resolution

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 63 - 
 
 
BNPPF's obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute senior non-preferred obligations 
within the meaning of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law (the "Senior Non Preferred 
Law"). While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes by their terms are expressed to be direct, unconditional, 
senior and unsecured (chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of BNPPF, they nonetheless rank 
junior in priority of payment to senior preferred obligations of BNPPF in the case of liquidation. 
BNPPF's senior preferred obligations include all of its deposit obligations, its obligations in respect of 
derivatives and other financial contracts, its unsubordinated debt securities (including any Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by BNPPF or the Senior Guarantee) and all unsubordinated or senior debt 
securities issued thereafter that are not expressed to be senior non-preferred obligations. 
There is no restriction on the incurrence by BNPPF of additional senior preferred obligations. As a 
consequence, if BNPPF enters into liquidation proceedings, it will be required to pay substantial 
amounts of senior preferred obligations before any payment is made in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
In addition, if BNPPF enters into resolution, its eligible liabilities (including the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes) will be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or 
other instruments, in the order of priority that would apply in liquidation proceedings. Because senior 
non-preferred obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to senior preferred 
obligations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written down or converted in full before any of 
BNPPF's senior preferred obligations were written down or converted. 
As a consequence, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of 
senior preferred obligations, and could lose all or a significant part of their investments if BNPPF were 
to enter into resolution or liquidation proceedings. 
BNPPF does not intend to issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes except to the extent that such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes would qualify as MREL for the purposes of the Applicable MREL Regulations (as 
defined in the Conditions). 
Senior non-preferred securities are new types of instruments for which there is limited trading history 
Prior to the entry into force of the Senior Non-Preferred Law, Belgian issuers were not able to issue 
securities with a senior non-preferred ranking. Accordingly, there is limited trading history for 
securities of Belgian banks with this ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are 
in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit 
ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change 
as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly 
volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings 
and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than 
those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, 
Noteholders may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes contain very limited covenants 
The Conditions place no restrictions on the amount of debt that BNPPF may issue that ranks senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or on the amount of securities it may issue that rank pari passu with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may impact the amount 
recoverable by Noteholders upon resolution or liquidation of BNPPF. In addition, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes do not require BNPPF to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or 
that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit BNPPF's ability to use cash to make

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 64 - 
 
 
investments or acquisitions, or the ability of BNPPF or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase 
shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect BNPPF's 
ability to service its debt obligations, including those of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
If "Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 5.10), the Issuer may, at its option, at any time and 
having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days' notice to the holders of the relevant 
Notes, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the relevant outstanding Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations (as defined in Condition 5.10), and subject to Condition 5.12. 
The yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption amount of the 
Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, 
the Noteholder may not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Risks relating to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated obligations which do not provide for events of default 
allowing acceleration of payment other than in a dissolution or liquidation 
The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and shall, in the event of a dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the relevant Issuer (except, 
in any such case, a solvent liquidation or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer or substitution in place of the Issuer or a successor in 
business of the Issuer) be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of the Senior Creditors of the 
relevant Issuer (as provided for and defined in Condition 3.5). 
Therefore, if the relevant Issuer were to be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator would 
first apply assets of such Issuer to satisfy all rights and claims of such Senior Creditors. If the relevant 
Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle such claims in full, the claims of the holders of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will not be met and, as a result, the holders will lose the entire amount of 
their investment in the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will share equally 
in payment with the other pari passu claims. If the relevant Issuer does not have sufficient funds to 
make payments on all of them, holders could lose all or part of their investment. Accordingly, although 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes or other 
debt instruments, which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the relevant Issuer become insolvent. 
The relevant Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to 
rank senior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or pari passu with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, in each 
case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the relevant 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the relevant 
Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Issuer will be

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 65 - 
 
 
required to pay (i) its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors and (ii) subject as described in the 
paragraph that follows, its other subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of 
creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) 
in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. If this occurs, the relevant 
Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under 
the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
According to Article 48(7) of BRRD 2 (as transposed into Belgian law by an amendment of article 
389/1 of the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 and as implemented into Luxembourg law as article 152(4) 
of the BRR Act 2015), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments 
(within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) shall rank junior to all 
other liabilities. This entails that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer 
at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior 
to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, in the event of 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Issuer will, inter alia, be required to 
pay subordinated creditors of the relevant Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer 
fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR, and which 
could include some series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes if they are no longer so recognised) in full 
before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which continue to be partially 
recognised as own funds instruments at the time of the opening of the liquidation or bankruptcy 
procedure. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the relevant Issuer, to the extent the relevant 
Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, 
payments relating to holders of other obligations or capital instruments of the relevant Issuer that rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may, if there are insufficient 
assets to satisfy the claims of all of the relevant Issuer's pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets 
available to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the relevant Issuer. 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes do not provide for events of default allowing for 
acceleration of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the relevant 
Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, including the payment of any 
interest, investors will not have the right to accelerate payment of principal, which shall only be due 
in the event of the relevant Issuer's dissolution or liquidation. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy 
available to holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any 
payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will be the institution of dissolution 
or liquidation proceedings to the extent permitted under Belgian or Luxembourg law, as applicable, in 
order to enforce such payment. 
Moreover, in any such proceedings, the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will be subordinated in right of 
payments in accordance with Condition 3.5. Holders should further be aware that, in or prior to such 
dissolution or liquidation scenario, the resolution authorities could decide to write down the principal 
amount of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes to zero or to convert such principal amount into equity or 
tier 1 instruments. Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF may be subject to loss absorption on 
any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
In relation to BNPPF only, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive contemplates that 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition to the

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 66 - 
 
 
application of the general bail-in tool. See "The implementation of the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive could materially affect the Notes and their holders". 
Secondary market in Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may be subject to increased illiquidity 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid and, if the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
are not listed or no listing is obtained, liquidity, if any, is likely to be further reduced. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Subordinated Tier 2 Notes easily or at a price that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
likely to be particularly the case for Subordinated Tier 2 Notes given that they are designed for specific 
investment objectives and have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. Moreover, the relevant Issuer and its subsidiaries will, under applicable 
legislation, generally be prohibited from purchasing any Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and will not be 
able to act as market maker in respect of such securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect 
on the market value of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest specific to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and early redemption of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
Potential investors should be aware that the reason for issuing the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes is, in the 
case of BNPPF, to raise Tier 2 capital (as defined in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 23 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012) which enhances the loss absorption of 
the Issuer. BNPPF may also act as a dealer in connection with the issue and the placement of certain 
issues of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. If at any given time, the relevant Issuer would face financial 
problems, such Issuer may act in its own best interest and will not be obliged to protect the interests 
of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 5.11), BNPPF may decide to redeem Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes early or, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes having a denomination of EUR 100,000 
or more, proceed with variation thereof in accordance with Condition 10.6. In determining its course 
of action, BNPPF will take its own best interest into account, without being obliged to protect the 
interests of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes have a different risk profile from, and will not benefit from the same 
protections as, bank deposits with BNPPF or any other investment firm in the BNP Paribas Group 
An investment in Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed 
with BNPPF or with any other investment firm in the BNP Paribas Group (a "BNPP Bank Deposit"). 
However, an investment in Subordinated Tier 2 Notes carries risks which are very different from the 
risk profile of a BNPP Bank Deposit. Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are expected to have greater liquidity 
than a BNPP Bank Deposit since BNPP Bank Deposits are generally not transferable. However, 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. See further "An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or 
may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes" 
and "Secondary market in Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may be subject to increased illiquidity". 
Payments on Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
investments in Subordinated Tier 2 Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit 
guarantee schemes (the "DGS Directive") or any national implementing measures implementing the

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 67 - 
 
 
DGS Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the relevant Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on 
its obligations, investors investing in such Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire 
investment. 
Risks Relating to the Market 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes 
The trading price of the Notes may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, 
the relevant price, value or level of the Underlying Reference(s), the time remaining until the 
scheduled maturity date of the Notes, the actual or implied volatility associated with the Underlying 
Reference and the correlation risk of the relevant Underlying Reference(s). 
Before purchasing or selling Notes, investors or holders should carefully consider the factors set out 
below, which may cause the value and trading price of the Notes to fluctuate, either positively or 
negatively: 
(f) 
the trading price of the Notes; 
(g) 
depending on the applicable payout or coupon (if applicable), movements in the value and/or 
volatility of the Underlying Reference may cause the value of the Notes to either rise or fall; 
(h) 
depending on the applicable payout or coupon (if applicable), the value of the Notes may 
fluctuate as the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date decreases; 
(i) 
depending on the applicable payout or coupon (if applicable), or the applicable rate of interest, 
movements in interest rates may cause the theoretical value of the Notes to either rise or fall; 
(j) 
any change(s) in currency exchange rates; 
(k) 
the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(l) 
any related transaction costs. 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Notes is below the Final Redemption Amount and 
accordingly, Noteholders may receive an amount with a value significantly lower than the amount that 
they invested to purchase the Notes. 
A Note's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value 
Prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that the purchase price of a Note does not 
necessarily reflect its inherent value. Any difference between a Note's purchase price and its inherent 
value may be due to a number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market 
conditions and fees, discounts or commissions paid or accorded to the various parties involved in 
structuring and/or distributing the Note. Any such difference in value could negatively affect the return 
an investor may receive. For further information prospective investors should refer to the party from 
whom they are purchasing the Notes. Prospective investors may also wish to seek an independent 
valuation of Notes prior to their purchase.

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 68 - 
 
 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may be not very liquid or not liquid at all. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Potential investors should consequently be willing to hold the Notes through their life. The nature and 
extent of any secondary market in the Notes cannot be predicted. As a consequence any person 
intending to hold the Notes should consider liquidity in the Notes as a risk. If the Notes are listed or 
quoted on an exchange or quotation system this does not imply greater or lesser liquidity than if 
equivalent Notes were not so listed or quoted. However, if Notes are not listed or quoted there may be 
a lack of transparency with regard to pricing information. Liquidity may also be affected by legal 
restrictions on offers for sale in certain jurisdictions. The relevant Issuer may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes by purchasing and holding the Notes for its own account during trading in the secondary market. 
Any such Notes may be resold at any time into the market. 
Credit rating reduction may result in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor. Such perceptions are generally 
influenced by the ratings attributed to the outstanding securities of the Issuers by standard statistical 
rating services, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, attributed to 
outstanding debt securities of the Issuers by one of these or other rating agencies could result in a 
reduction in the trading value of the Notes. 
Risks associated with Notes with a nexus to emerging markets 
Where (a) the value and return of the Notes depends on the performance of one or more Underlying 
References that comprise (i) inflation indices relating to emerging or developing countries, or (ii) 
currencies of emerging or developing countries, or (b) where the Notes are denominated in currencies 
of emerging or developing countries, Noteholders are exposed to greater risks associated with political 
and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on foreign investment and 
currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of disclosure and 
regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but not 
limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. Holders of Notes with such 
a nexus to emerging or developing countries are exposed to the risk that such Notes may be less liquid 
and the prices of such Notes more volatile, thus increasing the risk that such holders may experience 
a loss on their investment. 
Investors in such Notes should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a Hedging 
Disruption (or other Optional Additional Disruption Event under the relevant terms of the Notes as set 
out further in the Conditions) and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be 
higher for certain developing or emerging markets.

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 69 - 
 
 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
Notes are issued in the currency specified in the Final Terms applicable thereto (the "note currency") 
and payments on the Notes will be payable in the note currency or, in the case of Dual Currency Notes, 
the settlement currency specified in the Final Terms applicable thereto (the "settlement currency"). 
As such income and principal arising from such Notes are subject to exchange rate risk for an investor 
who has to convert another currency (the "investor currency") into such note currency to purchase 
the Notes. Investors should be aware that as a result of such risk they may receive at maturity an 
amount in the note currency or settlement currency, as applicable, that, if converted back into the 
investor currency by the investor, may be less than the initially converted amount. The same cross-
currency exposure risk applies to the interest payments made in the note currency or settlement 
currency, as applicable, that are intended to be converted at a spot rate into an investor currency by 
the holder of the Note. 
This currency risk may arise as a result of (but is not limited to) significant changes to exchange rates 
(including changes due to devaluation of the note currency or settlement currency, as applicable, or 
revaluation of the investor currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the investor 
currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the investor 
currency relative to the note currency or settlement currency, as applicable, would decrease (1) the 
investor currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the investor currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the investor currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Exchange control risks 
There is a risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Settlement Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and/or the currency relating to the Underlying Reference, such as government 
and monetary authorities, may impose or modify (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability to transfer of funds in and out of 
the relevant country. Such exchange controls, if imposed would have a negative impact on the amount 
a Noteholder is able to realise from Notes denominated in an affected Settlement Currency or 
referencing an affected Underlying Reference. 
The imposition of exchange controls in respect of a Relevant Currency could significantly increase 
the risk of an FX Settlement Disruption Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) occurring. 
If an FX Settlement Disruption Event occurs payments of principal and/or interest (if applicable) may 
(i) occur at a different time than expected and no additional amount of interest will be payable in 
respect of any delay in payment of principal and/or interest and/or (ii) be made in USD or EUR. The 
occurrence of an FX Settlement Disruption Event could have a significant adverse impact on the 
amount a Noteholder receives in respect of the Notes and may mean that the Noteholder is unable to 
receive payment in the desired currency. If the Noteholder receives payment in USD or EUR, it may 
not be able to exchange the amount received into the relevant Settlement Currency or it may only be 
able to do so at an exchange rate that significantly adversely impacts the amount the Noteholder 
ultimately receives in the Settlement Currency. 
Dual Currency Notes 
The Issuers may issue Notes with principal, interest and/or premium payable in a currency which may 
be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated ("Dual Currency Notes"). In

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 70 - 
 
 
addition to the risk factors that may apply to Notes and to Notes linked to an Underlying Reference in 
general, potential investors should be aware that in relation to Dual Currency Notes: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile and so Noteholders may only be able to sell 
their Notes in the secondary market at a loss (if they are able to sell at all); 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected, 
which could negatively affect the value of the Notes; 
(iv) 
in certain circumstances, Noteholders may need to specify additional information to receive a 
relevant currency (including an account in which they can receive amounts in the relevant 
currency) and payments of the relevant currency by the Issuer may be delayed, or in certain 
circumstances, the Issuer may be discharged from its payment obligations in respect of the 
Notes in the event that the Noteholders fail to specify such account within a prescribed period; 
(v) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(vi) 
there may be movements in currency exchange rates which may result in significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or related factors; 
(vii) 
the exchange rate used to calculate amounts payable in the settlement currency may be fixed 
prior to, on or after the Issue Date meaning that investors will not benefit from favourable 
changes in exchange rates during the term of the Dual Currency Notes; and 
(viii) 
settlement in the Settlement Currency may result in a lower return than if settlement had been 
made in the Specified Currency due to the risk on the exchange rate. 
Legal Risks 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, Noteholders who did not consent to 
the Written Resolutions and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. While it is 
not possible to assess the likelihood that the Conditions will need to be amended during the term of 
the Notes by a meeting of the Noteholders, if a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and 
such modifications impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may negatively affect the market 
value of the Notes, although the probability of such a decision being taken by Noteholders is 
considered to be low. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor may be substituted by another entity 
The conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may, following the occurrence of certain events, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, agree to the substitution of another company as the principal 
obligor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 10.4 
(Substitution). In particular, where the substitute is not the relevant Guarantor, the Guarantor will 
guarantee the performance of the substitute's obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 71 - 
 
 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that BNPPF may, following the occurrence of certain events, 
without the consent of the Noteholders agree to the substitution of another company as the guarantor 
in respect of any Notes issued by BP2F, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 10.4 
(Substitution). In particular, the creditworthiness of the substitute guarantor must be at least equal to 
that of BNPPF, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, by reference to, inter alia, the long term senior debt ratings assigned by such rating 
agencies as the Calculation Agent determines. 
The Issuer will give Noteholders notice of such substitution in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Risks related to the intragroup merger of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and its parent 
company, BNP Paribas SA  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA ("BP2S") acts as Fiscal 
Agent, Registrar, Principle Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Luxembourg Listing Agent (through its 
branch in Luxembourg) under the Programme.  
BNPP and BP2S are implementing an intragroup reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the 
"absorbing entity", will merge with BP2S, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger 
regime (fusion simplifiée), which is governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce).  
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuers and/or any of their respective Affiliates or agents (including, if applicable, any Dealer) 
may engage in activities or arrangements in a range of capacities that may result in conflicts of interest 
between their own financial interests and those of any Noteholders, for example, by: 
(i) 
engaging in trading activities (including hedging activities) relating to the Underlying 
Reference and other instruments or derivative products based on or relating to the Underlying 
Reference of any Notes for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their 
management; 
(ii) 
receiving a fee for performing any services or entering into any transactions described above; 
(iii) 
publishing research reports relating to any Underlying Reference, which express views that 
are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes; and 
(iv) 
making determinations regarding the occurrence of various events in respect of the Notes and 
the applicable consequences in its role as Calculation Agent or Issuer, as the case may be, of 
the Notes. 
Any of the conflicts of interest described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
the Notes and the return a Noteholder can expect to receive on their Notes, as none of the Issuers 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates or agents, acting in any capacity, is required to have regard to 
the interests of the Noteholders. Investors should also refer to the description of the role of the 
Calculation Agent in the "Investment Considerations" section below. 
Following the intragroup merger of BP2S and BNPP described in "Risks related to the intragroup 
merger of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and its parent company, BNP Paribas SA" above, 
BNPP will perform various agency roles in place of BP2S (including its branches in various 
jurisdictions) under the Programme. As a result, potential conflicts of interest may arise between these

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 72 - 
 
 
roles. Such potential conflicts of interests are mitigated using different management teams and 
information barriers within BNPP, but the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be 
completely eliminated. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice 
The Conditions are predominantly based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The possible impact of any judicial decision or change to an administrative practice or change to 
English law after the date of this Base Prospectus is unknown and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Termination of Notes in the event of illegality or impracticability 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes has become illegal or 
impracticable in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by paying to each 
Noteholder the fair market value of such Notes less, except if Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements. Such redemption may result in an investor losing some or 
all of their investment in the Notes. 
The implementation of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could materially affect the Notes 
and their holders 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
"Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") provides for the establishment of an EU-
wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms. 
The BRRD has been implemented in France, Belgium and Luxembourg by several legislative texts to 
provide relevant resolution authorities with, among other powers, a credible set of tools (the "BRRD 
Resolution Tools") to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so 
as to ensure the continuity of that institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of its potential failure on the economy and financial system. 
Following a review of BRRD, Directive no. 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD 
2") was adopted. 
BRRD 2 was transposed into French law by Ordinance n°2020-1636 of 20 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector and Decree n°2020-1703 of 24 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector, and took effect from 28 December 2020. BRRD 2 was 
transposed into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 20 May 2021 and took effect from 25 
May 2021. BRRD 2 was transposed into Belgian law by the law of 11 July 2021 and took effect from 
23 July 2021. 
If the relevant Issuer or Guarantor is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, 
and under the conditions set by the BRRD, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a 
combination, of the BRRD Resolution Tools (including, a sale of the business, the creation of a bridge 
institution, asset separation or bail-in), any shortfall from the sale of BNPPF's or BP2F's assets may 
lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amounts of certain claims of unsecured creditors of that 
entity (including, as the case may be, the Notes or the Guarantee), or, in a worst case scenario, a

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 73 - 
 
 
reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of BNPPF or BP2F (including, as the case may be, the 
Notes or the Guarantee) might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other 
instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or 
cancellation being first on common equity tier one instruments, thereafter the reduction, cancellation 
or conversion being on additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments and other 
subordinated debts, then other "bail-inable" liabilities). The relevant resolution authority may also seek 
to amend the terms (such as varying the date for redemption) of any outstanding unsecured debt 
securities (including, as the case may be, the Securities or the Guarantee) (all as further described in 
Condition 17 (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption). 
Public financial support to resolve BNPPF or BP2F where there is a risk of failure will only be used 
as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the resolution tools above, including the bail-in tool, 
to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD by the relevant resolution authority or any suggestion that 
such powers may be exercised could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of Notes, the 
price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, to satisfy its obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee, respectively. As a result, 
holders of Notes could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
A number of major interest rates (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")), other 
rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks are the subject of national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Notes linked to any such value or benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation") is a key 
element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, since 1 January 2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as 
EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain 
financial instruments (including securities listed on an EU regulated market, EU multilateral trading 
facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF") or via a systematic internaliser). Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") is the relevant regulatory regime applicable to, among 
other things, the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the 
Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such 
and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not 
authorised or registered in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 74 - 
 
 
by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been determined to 
be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in accordance with the 
Benchmarks Regulation, or (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits the use of in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if not based in the UK, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material adverse impact on any Notes for which a request for admission to trading on a trading venue 
has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked to, 
referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a "benchmark" for Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, purposes. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark may result in: 
(a) 
the level of the published rate or the level of the "benchmark" or the volatility of the published 
rate or level being adversely affected; 
(b) 
an increase in the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements; 
(c) 
the "benchmark" (including certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks) being discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, which may result in the rate of interest in respect of the Notes (if any) 
being determined based on any applicable fallback provisions; 
(d) 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark being changed in order to comply with 
regulatory requirements; 
(e) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described under "Risks 
associated with the occurence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" below); or 
(f) 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
and/or could lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early following the occurrence of 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary valuation or adjustment by the 
Calculation Agent or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable 
terms of the Notes. This could also negatively affect the liquidity of the Notes and a Noteholder's 
ability to sell their Notes in the secondary market. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal 
with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for said benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority in certain circumstances, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback 
provisions and where certain trigger events relating to non-representativeness or cessation or wind 
down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the statutory replacement where all 
parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument have agreed to apply a 
different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing act. A 
statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 75 - 
 
 
on, certain Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations 
and the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 
2023 (and the Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary). There are therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these 
legislative developments. Accordingly, there may be a risk that a statutory replacement benchmark 
may be designated if, for instance, a replacement benchmark determined in accordance with the 
fallback provisions is deemed unsuitable as its application no longer reflects or significantly diverges 
from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to 
measure (and where certain other conditions are satisfied, including one of the parties objecting to the 
contractually agreed fallback). 
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If Condition 5.15 (Redemption or Amendment of Notes for Administrator/Benchmark Event) is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event (as more fully described in the "Investment Considerations" section below) may lead to 
redemption or adjustment of the Notes. Any such adjustment or redemption of the Notes following the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of such Notes and accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their 
investment. 
The discontinuation of Interbank Offered Rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc and Japanese Yen London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR"), across all 
tenors, and U.S. dollar LIBOR 1 week and 2 month tenors, either ceased to exist entirely, or became 
non-representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such rates were intended to 
measure, immediately after 31 December 2021. U.S. dollar LIBOR overnight, 1, 3, 6 and 12 month 
tenors will either cease to exist entirely or will become non-representative immediately after 30 June 
2023. The future of EURIBOR is also uncertain. Amongst other developments, new issuances of 
products referencing LIBOR are no longer permitted (except in very limited circumstances) and 
relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from Interbank Offered Rates 
("IBORs"), such as EURIBOR. A number of "risk free rates" have been identified to take the place of 
such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") as the primary Sterling interest rate benchmark, (ii) for EONIA 
and EURIBOR, Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new euro risk free rate, and (iii) for USD 
LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the primary U.S. dollar interest rate 
benchmark. The risk free rates have a different methodology and other important differences from the 
IBORs they have replaced, a limited historical track record and may be subject to changes in their 
methodology. Uncertainties in the development of these risk free rates could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on Notes linked to any such rates. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of EURIBOR with €STR may cause EURIBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
Investors in Notes referencing EURIBOR as an Underlying Interest Rate or a floating rate of interest 
face the risk that such rate will be discontinued or otherwise unavailable during the term of their Notes, 
in which case the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 76 - 
 
 
back provisions applicable to the Notes. Depending on the manner in which the EURIBOR rate is to 
be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) the 
application of a backward looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas the EURIBOR rate is expressed 
on the basis of a forward looking term and includes a risk element based on inter bank lending, (ii) the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when 
EURIBOR was available, or (iii) determination by reference to an alternative rate selected by an 
institution with authority consistent with industry accepted standards or, in the absence of such 
alternative rate, by a third party agent appointed by the Calculation Agent. As the replacement rate 
will not be identical to the original rate (and may not be comparable), any of the foregoing 
circumstances could have a significant adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the 
Notes. In addition, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the original 
replacement reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing 
such hedges with instruments tied to the new replacement reference rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for Notes 
that pay a floating rate of interest 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Interest Rate or Rate in respect of the Notes will 
be determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Interest Rate or Rate will be determined 
by reference to the Compounded Daily SONIA (including on the basis of the SONIA Index published 
by the relevant administrator or other information service specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
Weighted Average SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR (including on the basis of the SOFR Index 
published on the NY Federal Reserve Website), SOFR Arithmetic Mean or Compounded Daily €STR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The ongoing development of compounded daily SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the 
capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR- and €STR-based rates for such 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR rate, as applicable. The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application 
of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in 
relation to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest that reference a SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus. Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate is only 
capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR rate to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. In contrast to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
referencing a term rate, such as EURIBOR, if Notes referencing compounded daily or single daily 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR are redeemed early and accrued interest is payable on such redemption in 
respect of a period which is not an Interest Period, the final Interest Rate or Rate payable in respect of 
such Notes will only be determined at the due date for redemption. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates in the 
Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR in other markets, such as the derivative and loan markets. Any such mismatch between 
the adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates across these markets may adversely impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which a holder has in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate and could have a material 
adverse impact on such holder's investments.

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 77 - 
 
 
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to 
calculate the Interest Rate or Rate in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, will be determined using 
the fallback provisions set out in the Conditions. Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would 
have been made on the Notes if the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate had been published as expected as of 
the Issue Date of the Notes. In addition, application of the fallback provisions may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate of interest in respect of the Notes. 
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by 
reference to SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated by reference to SONIA, SOFR or €STR. Because 
such rates are overnight funding rates, interest on Notes that reference such rates with Interest Periods 
longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of (a) in the case of SONIA, (i) the weighted 
average mean of SONIA over the relevant Observation Lookback Period in respect of an Interest 
Period or where SONIA is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end of the relevant Interest 
Period, (ii) a compounded SONIA (x) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that the SONIA used 
as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the 
observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant 
Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or 
(iii) calculated by reference to the SONIA Index published by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate, (b) in the case of SOFR, (i) the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant Interest 
Period, where the SOFR is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period, 
(ii) a compounded SOFR (x) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that the SOFR used as the basis 
for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the observation date or 
(y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and 
ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or (iii) calculated by 
reference to the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve Website or (c) in the case of €STR, 
a compounded €STR (x) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that €STR used as the basis for 
calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the observation date or (y) 
in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and 
ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period. As a consequence of 
these calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be 
known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore will not 
know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes and there is a possibility 
that such amount could be lower than expected. 
The implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could adversely affect Noteholders 
Under the fallback provisions applicable to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest by reference to 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (whether a compounded rate or the SOFR Index), if 
a particular SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment (each as defined in Condition 
4.4(c)(iii)) cannot be determined, then the next-available SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment will apply. These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) 
the Relevant Governmental Body (as defined in Condition 4.4(c)(iii), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent and/or the Replacement Rate Determination Agent. 
In addition, the fallback provisions permit the Replacement Rate Determination Agent to make certain 
changes (which are defined in Condition 4.4(c)(iv) as "SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes") 
with respect to, among other things, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 78 - 
 
 
payments of interest. The application of a SOFR Replacement and SOFR Replacement Adjustment 
and any implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could reduce the amount of 
interest payable in respect of an interest period, which could adversely affect the return on, value of 
and market for, the Notes. Furthermore, the characteristics of any SOFR Replacement may not be 
similar to the then-current SOFR benchmark that it is replacing and/or that any SOFR Replacement 
may not produce the economic equivalent of the then-current SOFR benchmark that it is replacing. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect holders of Notes that pay a 
floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
Holders of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest that references SOFR are exposed to the risk that 
such rate may not be widely accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact 
that SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an 
alternative to LIBOR in part because it is considered to be a good representation of general funding 
conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions 
secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is 
less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that 
market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the 
purposes for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a 
representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its 
market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely affect 
the return on, value of and market for Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR. 
The relationship of the United Kingdom with the European Union may affect the business (including 
the Notes) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor in the United Kingdom 
The United Kingdom ("UK") left the European Union ("EU") on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the 
transition period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union 
and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute 
book in the UK. 
Although the UK and the EU have entered into a Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement") to govern their relationship going forward, the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated 
financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
Due to the on-going political uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between the 
UK and the EU, the precise impact on the business of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor in the United 
Kingdom is difficult to determine. As such, such matters could adversely affect the ability of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under any Series of Notes with a UK nexus 
and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of such Notes in the secondary market. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to 
make gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected 
Payments made in respect of the Notes may be subject to Belgian withholding tax. 
Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent., will in principle be applicable to the interest 
on the Notes issued by BNPPF that are not held in the NBB–SSS or that are held in a non-exempt

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
- 79 - 
 
 
securities account (an "N account") in the NBB–SSS, as further described in "Taxation" below. 
Potential investors should be aware that any relevant tax law or practice applicable as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and/or the date of purchase or subscription of the Notes may change at any time 
(including during any subscription period or the term of the Notes). Any such change may have an 
adverse effect on a Noteholder, including that the liquidity of the Notes may decrease and/or the 
amounts payable to or receivable by an affected Noteholder may be less than otherwise expected by 
such Noteholder. 
Potential investors who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their own independent 
tax advisers. 
Risks related to the EU anti-tax avoidance directive 
Directive 2016/1164/EU, the so-called anti-tax avoidance directive ("ATAD"), was adopted on 12 
July 2016 to implement in the EU Member States' domestic legal frameworks common measures to 
tackle tax avoidance practices. ATAD lays down (i) controlled foreign company rules, (ii) anti-hybrid 
mismatches within the EU context rules, (iii) general interest limitation rules, (iv) a general anti-abuse 
rule, and (v) exit taxation rules. Following the adoption of ATAD, the EU Member States decided to 
go further as regards hybrid-mismatches with third countries, and adopted the Directive 2017/952/EU 
("ATAD 2") amending the ATAD provisions with respect to anti-hybrid mismatches, on 29 May 2017. 
Luxembourg adopted (i) the law of 21 December 2018 implementing ATAD with effect as of 1 
January 2019 and (ii) the law of 20 December 2019 implementing ATAD 2 with effect as of 1 January 
2020 (except for the reverse hybrid mismatch rules, which apply as of 1 January 2022). Under certain 
circumstances, these rules could possibly increase the taxable base of BP2F and therefore negatively 
impact the return of the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to Exempt Notes 
Partly-Paid Notes 
The relevant Issuer may issue Exempt Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. Failure to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of their 
investment.

--- Page 80 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 80 - 
 
 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
This section sets out certain investment considerations the Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be relevant to 
a prospective investor when assessing whether to consider an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 81 - 
 
 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-Exempt Notes. 
1. 
General investment considerations associated with the Notes 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained, or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the Notes and any applicable 
supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate, foreign exchange, financial markets and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are sophisticated financial instruments. A potential investor should not invest in Notes 
which are sophisticated financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any of their respective affiliates is responsible for the 
lawfulness or suitability of the acquisition of any Notes by a prospective investor or purchaser of Notes 
or for compliance by a prospective investor or purchaser of Notes (whether it is acquiring the Notes 
in a principal or in a fiduciary capacity) with any law, regulation, directive or policy applicable to it 
or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, any law, regulation, directive or policy applicable 
to the beneficiary. A prospective investor or purchaser of Notes may not rely on the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Dealer or any of their respective affiliates when making determinations in relation to 
any of these matters. 
The Notes are investment instruments which may or may not bear interest and which at maturity or 
earlier in case of early redemption pay the final redemption amount or the early redemption amount 
which may or may not be equal to the principal amount of the relevant Note. 
Notes which are not principal protected may result in the holder thereof losing some or, in certain 
limited cases, all of such holder's initial investment. In addition, all Notes, including Notes which are 
expressed to be fully or partially principal protected, will give an investor exposure to the credit and 
default risk of the Issuer and Guarantor.

--- Page 82 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 82 - 
 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be structured such that principal, interest and/or premium, if 
any, payable on such Notes are determined by reference to the value or level of one or more Underlying 
References. 
The price at which a holder of Notes will be able to sell Notes prior to their redemption may be at a 
substantial discount to the market value of the Notes at the issue date depending upon the performance 
of the Underlying Reference at the time of sale. 
Senior Notes are Unsecured Obligations 
The Senior Notes are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank 
pari passu with themselves. 
Each issue of Notes issued by BP2F will be guaranteed by BNPPF pursuant to the BNPPF Note 
Guarantee. The obligations of BNPPF under the BNPPF Note Guarantee are unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of BNPPF and will rank pari passu with all its other present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations, subject as may from time to time be mandatory under 
Belgian Law. 
Description of the role of the Calculation Agent 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may be an Affiliate of the relevant Issuer or, the Guarantor, or the 
Calculation Agent may be the relevant Issuer itself. The Calculation Agent is under no 
obligation to take into account the interests of holders of the Notes, including with respect to 
making certain determinations and judgments (as set out in the Conditions of the Notes or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes only, the applicable Pricing Supplement), and, in some cases, the 
applicable consequences. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent is obliged to carry out its duties and functions as calculation agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Investors should also refer to "Potential conflicts of interest" in the "Risk Factors" section. 
Taxes may be payable by investors 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp 
duties, taxes or documentary charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where 
the Notes are transferred. In addition, if so indicated in the relevant Final Terms, payments in respect 
of the Notes may be made subject to deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed within 
Luxembourg (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) or Belgium (in the case of Notes issued by BNPPF 
or in the case of the Guarantor), as provided in Condition 7 and without the relevant Issuer or 
Guarantor, as the case may be, being obliged to make additional payments in respect of such deduction 
or withholding. Consequently, the payment of principal, interest and/or premium, if any, in respect of 
the Notes may be less than expected. The applicable Final Terms will specify in each case whether the 
Issuer will pay additional amounts as specified in the Conditions. Potential purchasers should consult 
their own independent tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax 
regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time. 
Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment that will apply at any given time.

--- Page 83 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 83 - 
 
 
The return on an investment in Notes will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor's total return on an investment in any Notes will be affected by the level of fees charged 
by the nominee service provider and/or Relevant Clearing System used by the investor. Such a person 
or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of 
Notes, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts or delivery of 
securities. Potential investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such fees will 
be charged on the relevant Notes. 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the potential profit of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions 
as a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or 
pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional — domestic or 
foreign — parties are involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic 
dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be 
charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party 
costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must 
also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the 
Notes before investing in the Notes. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
In certain circumstances, at the commencement of an offer period in respect of Notes, but prior to the 
issue date of such Notes certain specific information (specifically, the issue price, fixed rate of interest, 
minimum and/or maximum rate of interest payable, the margin applied to the floating rate of interest 
payable, the Gearing applied to the interest or final payout, (in the case of Notes which include a 
Digital Coupon) the Rate component of the coupon rate, the value of the barrier component of a final 
payout or coupon rate, the AER Exit Rate used if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the 
Bonus Coupon component of the final payout (in the case of Vanilla Digital Notes), any Constant 
Percentage (being any of Constant Percentage, Constant Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 2, 
Constant Percentage 3 or Constant Percentage 4) component of the final payout or coupon rate (which 
will be payable if certain conditions are met, as set out in the Payout Conditions), the Floor Percentage 
component of the final payout or coupon rate and/or the Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level (used 
to ascertain whether a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event, as applicable, has occurred)) may not be 
known. In these circumstances the Final Terms will specify in place of the relevant price, rate, level 
or percentage, as applicable, a minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as 
applicable, or an indicative range of prices, rates, levels or percentages. The actual price, rate, level or 
percentage, as applicable, applicable to the Notes will be selected by the Issuer from within the range 
or will not be higher than the maximum price, rate, level or percentage, and/or will not be lower than 
the minimum price, rate, level or percentage, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be 
notified to investors prior to the Issue Date. The actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, 
will be determined in accordance with market conditions by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes will be required to make their investment decision based on the 
minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, or the indicative range rather

--- Page 84 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 84 - 
 
 
than the actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, which will only be fixed after the 
investment decision is made but will apply to the Notes once issued. 
Where a minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, or an indicative 
range is specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Interest Rate, Minimum Interest Rate, Maximum 
Interest Rate, Margin, Rate and/or AER Exit Rate, prospective purchasers of Notes should, for the 
purposes of evaluating the risks and benefits of an investment in the Notes, assume that the actual 
Interest Rate, Minimum Interest Rate, Maximum Interest Rate, Margin, Rate and/or AER Exit Rate, 
as applicable, which will apply to the Notes will be the lowest rate specified in the range and make 
their decision to invest in the Notes on that basis. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuers, Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers, the Guarantor 
or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market 
and the additional factors discussed herein, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. A rating agency may fail to withdraw its rating in a timely manner. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn 
or suspended). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may 
impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in the section entitled "General 
Description of the Programme".

--- Page 85 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 85 - 
 
 
Settlement Risk 
Settlement of the Notes is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force at the 
relevant time and neither the relevant Issuer nor any Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is 
unable to effect the transactions contemplated as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. 
Investment considerations associated with nominee arrangements 
Where a nominee service provider is used by an investor to hold Notes or such investor holds interests 
in any Note through an account with a Relevant Clearing System, such investor will receive payments 
in respect of principal, interest, or any other amounts due, or securities deliverable, as applicable, 
solely on the basis of the arrangements entered into by the investor with the relevant nominee service 
provider or Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. Furthermore, such investor must rely on 
the relevant nominee service provider or Relevant Clearing System to distribute all payments or 
securities attributable to the relevant Notes which are received from the relevant Issuer. Accordingly, 
such an investor will be exposed to the credit risk of, and default risk in respect of, the relevant nominee 
service provider or Relevant Clearing System, as well as the relevant Issuer. 
In addition, such a Noteholder may only be able to sell any Notes held by it prior to their stated maturity 
date with the assistance of the relevant nominee service provider. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and the Paying Agents shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of any relevant nominee service 
provider or Relevant Clearing System nor makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, 
as to the service provided by any relevant nominee service provider or Relevant Clearing System. 
Recognition of English court judgments at the end of the United Kingdom's Brexit Transition Period 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom (the "UK") formally left the European Union. Pursuant to 
a treaty entitled "the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community" (the 
"Withdrawal Agreement"), the UK and the EU agreed to an implementation period, ending on 31 
December 2020 (the "Transition Period"). The Withdrawal Agreement was incorporated into English 
law by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
As a result of leaving the EU, the UK is no longer bound by the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 
1215/2012 (the "Brussels Recast"), a formal reciprocal regime between EU Member States on the 
allocation of jurisdiction and the mutual recognition and enforcement of Member State judgments. 
This regime is no longer applied by English courts, save in relation to legacy cases (i.e. those cases 
where proceedings were initiated prior to the end of the Transition Period). As a further consequence, 
English judgments will no longer be recognised and enforced in EU Member State courts under this 
regime, again, save for legacy cases where English judgments are issued in proceedings commenced 
prior to the end of the Transition Period. 
Upon leaving the EU, the UK also ceased to be a member of another convention on the allocation of 
jurisdiction and the mutual enforcement of contracting state court judgments, the Lugano Convention 
2007 (the "Lugano Convention"). The EU, Switzerland, Iceland and Norway are members of the 
Lugano Convention and the UK has applied to re-join this convention. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the UK's application is pending. As the UK is no longer a Lugano contracting state, 
English judgments cannot be enforced under this regime in other contracting states, although Norway 
has put in place arrangements with the UK for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments.

--- Page 86 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 86 - 
 
 
Investors should also note that on 1 January 2021 the UK re-joined the Hague Convention on Choice 
of Court Agreements 2005 (the "Hague Convention") as a sovereign state. The Hague Convention is 
another international convention on the jurisdiction and the reciprocal enforcement of contracting state 
judgments. The Hague Convention requires contracting states to respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses 
in favour of other contracting state courts and to enforce resulting judgments. The EU, Mexico, 
Montenegro and Singapore are currently contracting states. 
Accordingly, English judgments issued by an English court pursuant to an exclusive jurisdiction clause 
entered into after 1 January 2021 should be recognised and enforced in EU states (and Mexico, 
Montenegro and Singapore) under the Hague Convention, subject to standard exceptions. It is 
generally considered that the Hague Convention only covers exclusive jurisdiction clauses and 
resulting judgments (although, investors should note that there are some matters, such as certain 
company matters that are outside the scope of the Hague Convention). There remains uncertainty as 
to whether the Hague Convention would be applied by Member State courts in respect of exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses entered into between 1 October 2015 (when the EU joined the Convention) and 
31 December 2020. The UK has legislated to confirm such clauses would be treated as being within 
the Hague Convention. Although the grounds upon which enforcement may be refused under the 
Hague Convention are in substance similar to those under the Brussels Recast, the Hague Convention 
is new and therefore there may be some uncertainty as to how Member State courts apply these 
provisions, at least initially. 
Where English jurisdiction clauses and judgments are not within the scope of the Hague Convention, 
it will be necessary to consider the applicable national law rules. 
2. 
Investment considerations associated with certain interest rates 
Additional information on EURIBOR and related reforms 
The euro risk free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk free 
rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback 
rates. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable 
to the Notes, as further described in the Conditions. 
Additional information on the development of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
Holders of Notes that reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR should be aware that the market continues to 
develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR, respectively, as reference rates in the capital markets 
and their adoption as an alternative to GBP-LIBOR, USD-LIBOR and EURIBOR, respectively. For 
example, in the context of backwards-looking rates, market participants and relevant working groups 
are currently assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates and the 
basis on which to determine them, and such groups are also exploring forward-looking "term" SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR reference rates; although, it is not known whether they will be adopted by the 
markets. The adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may also see component inputs into swap rates or 
other composite rates.

--- Page 87 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 87 - 
 
 
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that 
differs significantly from the methodology set out in the Conditions. 
Additional information on the development of SONIA reference rates for use in the capital markets 
In connection with the ongoing development of the market in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in 
the capital markets, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The ongoing 
development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as 
well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of the Notes.  
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest or 
Underlying Interest Rate may be changed 
In respect of Notes linked to an Underlying Interest Rate or Notes which pay a floating rate of interest, 
if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines at any time that the relevant reference rate has been 
discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the relevant reference rate, the 
alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution in the jurisdiction of the currency of the relevant rate that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards. If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an 
alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint a determination agent (which may be the 
Guarantor or an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent) who will determine a 
replacement reference rate, as well as any required changes to the business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for 
calculating the replacement rate including any adjustment required to make such replacement 
reference rate comparable to the relevant reference rate. Such replacement reference rate will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply to the relevant Notes. 
The replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued reference rate. There can be no 
assurance that any adjustment applied to any Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. 
The conditions also provide for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate quotations, 
which may not be possible if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a sustained 
period of time (or at all). If the relevant screen page for the reference rate is not available or it is not 
possible to obtain quotations then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant rate of interest for 
the affected Notes at the relevant time acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The replacement rate may be different to the original rate and this may negatively affect the value of 
the Notes. 
It is possible that, if a reference rate is discontinued, a clear successor rate will not be established in 
the market for some time. Accordingly, the terms of the Notes provide as an ultimate fallback that, 
following the designation of a replacement rate, if the Calculation Agent or the determination agent 
appointed by the Calculation Agent considers that such replacement reference rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the original reference rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint or re-appoint a determination agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the 
replacement reference rate or determining a substitute replacement reference rate (despite the 
continued existence of the initial replacement reference rate). Any such substitute replacement

--- Page 88 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 88 - 
 
 
reference rate, once designated pursuant to the Conditions, will apply to the affected Notes. This could 
impact the relevant rate of interest in respect of the Notes. In addition, any holders of such Notes that 
enter into hedging instruments based on the original replacement reference rate may find their hedges 
to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new 
replacement reference rate. 
Additional considerations associated with Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. 
Although the NY Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back 
to 2014, such prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator 
of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a 
result, the return on and value of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest by reference to SOFR 
("SOFR-Linked Notes") may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less 
volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-Linked Notes will likely have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate 
reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR-Linked 
Notes may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if 
SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-Linked 
Notes may be lower than those of securities linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors may 
not be able to sell SOFR-Linked Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies 
between the adoption of reference rates based on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging 
or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of the SOFR-Linked Notes. 
The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There 
can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated 
is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or 
elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-Linked Notes and a reduction in the trading 
prices of such Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 89 - 
 
 
3. 
Investment considerations associated with adjustment and related redemption provisions in 
respect of the Notes 
Description of Additional Disruption Event and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
The Additional Disruption Events correspond to changes in law (including changes in tax or regulatory 
capital requirements) having an impact on the Notes. The Optional Additional Disruption Events that 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms correspond to an issue converting or determining a rate 
for a currency in which the Underlying Reference is denominated (a Currency Event), changes in law 
(including changes in tax or regulatory capital requirements) having an impact on the Notes or any 
hedging transactions relating to the Notes (an Extended Change in Law), an issue converting or 
determining a rate for a currency in which the Underlying Reference or any options or futures contract 
or any other hedging arrangement in relation to the Underlying Reference is denominated (an Extended 
Currency Event), a disruption to any hedging arrangements relating to the Notes (a Hedging 
Disruption), a materially increased cost of hedging (an Increased Cost of Hedging), (in the case of 
Inflation Index-Linked Notes) a cancellation or discontinuation of an Inflation Index (an Index 
Cancellation), (in the case of Inflation Index-Linked Notes) a material change in the formula for or 
method of calculating an Inflation Index (an Index Modification) and/or circumstances where it is 
impracticable, illegal or impossible to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal in the Underlying 
Reference (a Jurisdiction Event). Each of the Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional 
Disruption Events is as defined in and more fully set out in the Conditions. 
Description of Early Redemption Amounts 
The manner in which the amount due to Noteholders on an early redemption of the Notes is determined 
may depend on the event that has triggered an early redemption of the Notes and the early redemption 
method specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will be redeemed at the Principal Protected 
Amount, Market Value 1, Market Value 2, Market Value 3, Market Value less Costs, Derivative 
Component Market Value, Highest Value (Structured), Highest Value (Vanilla), Fair Market Value or 
an amount per Calculation Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, each as described in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and in each case without prejudice to the application of 
Condition 5.16, if "Monetisation Option" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(each an "Early Redemption Amount"). 
The Final Terms may specify that any costs incurred by the Issuer (or its affiliates) as a result of 
unwinding any hedging arrangements associated with the Notes may not be taken into account when 
determining the amount payable on early redemption. 
If Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholder shall 
receive on the Maturity Date (and notwithstanding the early redemption notice) the Monetisation 
Amount, unless the Noteholder elects, to receive the Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for 
early redemption of the Notes. 
If the Notes are early redeemed in part, the amount calculated as payable on such early redemption 
will take into account that only a portion of the outstanding Notes are being early redeemed.

--- Page 90 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 90 - 
 
 
4. 
Investment considerations associated with Notes linked to the performance of one or more 
Underlying References 
Investment considerations in respect of Structured Notes in general 
An investment in Structured Notes may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments 
in a conventional debt security or a direct investment in the Underlying Reference, including the risks 
that the resulting rate of return will be less than that on a conventional debt security or the Underlying 
Reference and/or that an investor may lose the value of its entire investment or part of it, as the case 
may be. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant Underlying Reference should be 
taken as an indication of future performance of (a) such Underlying Reference or (b) the trading or 
market value of a Note, during the term of any Note. 
The Underlying Reference(s) and/or the composition thereof, method of calculation (if applicable) or 
other factors of the Underlying Reference(s) may change in the future. There is no assurance that 
issuers, sponsors, licensors of the Underlying Reference(s) or any other third party (as the case may 
be) who have an influence on the Underlying Reference(s) will not change the composition thereof, 
method of calculation or other factors of the Underlying Reference(s). Any such change to the 
Underlying Reference(s) may be beyond the control of the relevant Issuer and may adversely affect 
the value of the Notes. 
Amounts payable (whether in respect of principal and/or interest) in respect of Structured Notes which 
do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or interest payments will be dependent 
upon the performance of the Underlying Reference which may contain substantial interest rate, foreign 
exchange, correlation, time value, political and/or other risks. The exposure to the Underlying 
Reference(s) in many cases will be achieved by the relevant Issuer entering into hedging arrangements. 
Potential investors should be aware that under the terms of Structured Notes they are exposed to the 
performance of these hedging arrangements and the events that may affect these hedging arrangements 
and consequently the occurrence of any of these events may affect the value of the Notes. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Inflation Index-Linked Notes 
In respect of Inflation Index-Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption 
determined by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices and/or the Inflation 
Index-Linked Notes will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the underlying inflation 
index/indices. 
The terms of the Inflation Index-Linked Notes may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of an 
inflation index. The Calculation Agent will determine a substitute level for the relevant inflation index 
by reference to (a) a related bond specified in the Final Terms or (b) a formula that calculates the level 
of the relevant inflation index based on previously available levels. If publication of the level of the 
relevant inflation index is disrupted or discontinued or the inflation index is cancelled, the Calculation 
Agent may determine a successor inflation index. The Calculation Agent may further adjust the terms 
of the Inflation Index-Linked Notes to take account of such substitute level or substitute inflation 
index. 
The Calculation Agent may also make adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Index-Linked Notes 
or the relevant level of an inflation index if (a) a published level is subsequently revised within the 
cut-off periods described in the Conditions, (b) there is a material change to the formula for calculating 
an inflation index or (c) an inflation index is rebased, provided that, if an inflation index is rebased

--- Page 91 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 91 - 
 
 
such that the Calculation Agent is unable to make adjustments that would produce a commercially 
reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem the Inflation Index-Linked Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Investors should be aware that if an inflation index is cancelled (and the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a successor inflation index), either the Calculation Agent will calculate the level of the 
inflation index or the Issuer will redeem the Inflation Index-Linked Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with the Conditions. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes 
In respect of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) 
on redemption determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies and/or Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the 
underlying currency/currencies. Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes reference the performance 
of an exchange rate between a base currency and one or more subject currencies. 
A Disruption Event will occur in respect of the base currency or any subject currency if (i) there is a 
disruption to the source of the exchange rate, (ii) (unless Illiquidity Disruption is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) it is not possible to obtain firm quotes for such currency, (iii) 
the currency is split into more than one currency exchange rate, or (iv) circumstances similar to (i), 
(ii) (if applicable) or (iii) arise. Upon the occurrence of a Disruption Event in respect of a date for 
valuation, the following consequences may apply: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may postpone the relevant date for valuation until the Disruption Event 
is no longer subsisting, up to a maximum number of days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if not specified five Scheduled Trading Days), following which the Calculation 
Agent may determine a level for the subject currency as of the last such Scheduled Trading 
Day; 
(b) 
the Issuer may redeem the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes in full at the Early 
Redemption Amount; or 
(c) 
(unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the Calculation Agent may postpone any payment 
date until a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting, or the Issuer may redeem the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes at an amount calculated by reference to the Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount. 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event applies in respect of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Notes, the Notes redeem automatically if the value (or the weighted sum of the values) of the relevant 
subject currency or currencies observed is 'greater than', 'greater than or equal' to, 'less than' or 'less 
than or equal to' (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the specified level (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Level"). In this case, the Notes will be redeemed on the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Underlying Reference will be observed on specified dates. 
Each Note will redeem at an amount equal to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the 
sum of (a) the specified automatic early redemption percentage and (b) the automatic early redemption 
rate, and will pay interest accrued up to the date on which the Notes are redeemed.

--- Page 92 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
- 92 - 
 
 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes 
In respect of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) on 
redemption determined by reference to the value of one or more underlying interest rates and/or 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of one or 
more underlying interest rates. 
The underlying interest rate will be determined by reference to a hypothetical interest rate swap 
transaction if ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or by reference to a rate 
provided on a screen page if either Screen Rate Determination or CMS-Rate Determination is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Regardless of the rate that is determined, if it is subject to a cap and/or 
a floor, such underlying interest rate will be deemed to be no higher than the Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or no lower than the Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If 'Standard Automatic Early Redemption' applies in respect of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes, the Notes redeem automatically if the underlying reference rate observed is 'greater than', 
'greater than or equal' to, 'less than' or 'less than or equal to' the specified level (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Level"). In this case, the Notes will be redeemed on the next Interest Payment Date. The 
Underlying Reference will be observed on specified dates. 
Each Note will redeem at an amount equal to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the 
sum of (a) the specified automatic early redemption percentage and (b) the automatic early redemption 
rate, and may pay either (i) the interest accrued up to the Interest Payment Date on which the Notes 
are redeemed, (ii) no interest or (iii) the interest accrued up to date on which the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurred.

--- Page 93 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 93 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers and the Guarantor 
from other publicly available documents. It also details where certain other specified documents relating to 
the Notes are made available for viewing.

--- Page 94 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 94 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously within this 
Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
The following sections from the 2021 annual report of BNPPF (the "BNPPF 2021 Annual Report", 
available at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/financial-reports/bnp-
paribas-fortis-annual-report-2021_en.pdf?sfvrsn=ab5e966e_4, 
and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions) including, in particular, the audited annual financial statements 
of BNPPF (including the unqualified statutory auditor's report of the statutory auditors on the 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (including their opinion)):  
(a) 
the BNPPF Consolidated Annual Report 2021 
pages 9-46 
(b) 
the audited consolidated profit and loss account of BNPPF for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 
page 48 
(c) 
the statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
recognised directly in equity of BNPPF for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 
page 49 
(d) 
the balance sheet of BNPPF for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 
page 50 
(e) 
the cash flow statement of BNPPF for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 
page 51 
(f) 
the statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 1 
January 2020 and 31 December 2021 
page 52 
(g) 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021  
pages 53-170 
(h) 
the section headed "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy" 
pages 171-192 
(i) 
the statutory auditor's report to the general shareholder's meeting 
on the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 (including their opinion) 
pages 193-202 
2. 
The following sections from the 2020 annual report of BNPPF (the "BNPPF 2020 Annual Report", 
available at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/financial-reports/annual-
report-2020-bnp-paribas-fortis-sa-nv.pdf?sfvrsn=d0409c6e_6, 
and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions) including, in particular, the audited annual financial statements 
of BNPPF (including the unqualified statutory auditor's report of the statutory auditors on the 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 (including their opinion)): 
(a) 
the BNPPF Consolidated Annual Report 2020 
pages 7-40 
(b) 
the audited consolidated profit and loss account of BNPPF for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 
page 42

--- Page 95 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 95 - 
 
 
(c) 
the statement of net income and change in assets and liabilities 
recognised directly in equity of BNPPF for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 
page 43 
(d) 
the balance sheet of BNPPF for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 
page 44 
(e) 
the cash flow statement of BNPPF for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 
page 45 
(f) 
the statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 1 
January 2020 and 31 December 2020 
page 46 
(g) 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 
pages 47-162 
(h) 
the section headed "Risk Management and Capital Adequacy" 
pages 163-183 
(i) 
the statutory auditor's report to the general shareholder's meeting 
on the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 (including their opinion) 
pages 186-193 
3. 
the following sections from the press release dated 11 March 2022 published by BNPPF regarding its 
2021 full year results (available at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/newsroom-
documents/2022-03-11-fy-results-
2021/uk_bnppf_press_release_results_fy_2021_11032022.pdf?sfvrsn=e983976e_6, also available 
via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
Overview of the main figures 
Page 1 
Analysis of the full year 2021 financial performance 
Pages 2-4 
Comments from the CEO of BNPPF 
Page 9 
Consolidated profit and loss account 
Page 5 
4. 
the following section from the Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2021 published by BNPPF (the "BNPPF 
2021 Pillar 3 Disclosure") and available at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-
source/pdf-(en)/financial-reports/pillar-3-2021-final.pdf?sfvrsn=c48d966e_6, also available via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
Pillar 3 Disclosure for the Year 2021 
 
Pages 4-71 
5. 
the following section from the Additional Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2021 published by BNPPF 
and available at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(nl)/financi%C3%ABle-
verslagen/additional-pillar-3-2021.pdf?sfvrsn=7c82966e_4, 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
Additional Pillar 3 Disclosure for the Year 2021 
 
Pages 3-26 
6. 
the following section from the Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2020 published by BNPPF (the "BNPPF 
2020 Pillar 3 Disclosure") and available at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-

--- Page 96 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 96 - 
 
 
source/pdf-(en)/financial-reports/pillar-3-2020_vf2.pdf?sfvrsn=b7f89c6e_4, 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
Pillar 3 Disclosure for the Year 2020 
Pages 4-63 
7. 
the following section from the Additional Pillar 3 Disclosure for the year 2020 published by BNPPF 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/financial-
reports/additional-pillar-3-2020_vf.pdf?sfvrsn=cbf89c6e_4, 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
Additional Pillar 3 Disclosure for the Year 2020 
Pages 3-15 
8. 
the following sections from the 2021 audited annual accounts of BP2F (including the report of the 
approved independent auditor issued by Deloitte Audit (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) on 24 March 
2022 for the year ended 31 December 2021 and available at https://bp2f.lu/files/results/BP2F_-_FS_-
_31_12_2021_signed.pdf, and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
(a) 
The unqualified auditor's report to the audited annual accounts 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
Pages 1-5 
(b) 
Report from the Board of Directors 
Pages 6-19 
(c) 
The balance sheet 
Page 20 
(d) 
The profit and loss account 
Page 21 
(e) 
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Pages 22-34 
9. 
the following sections from the 2020 audited annual accounts of BP2F (including the report of the 
approved independent auditor issued by Deloitte Audit (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) on 26 March 
2021 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
and 
available 
at 
https://bp2f.lu/files/results/Signed_BP2F%20-%20SFR%20-%2031%2012%202020.pdf, and also 
available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
(a) 
The unqualified auditor's report to the audited annual accounts for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
Pages 1-5 
(b) 
Report from the Board of Directors 
Pages 6-19 
(c) 
The balance sheet 
Page 20 
(d) 
The profit and loss account 
Page 21 
(e) 
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Pages 22-33 
10. 
the following sections from the cash flow statements of BP2F for the year ended 31 December 2020 
and the audit report thereon issued on 20 April 2021 by Deloitte Audit as independent auditor (réviseur 
d'entreprises) and as approved independent auditor (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) available at 
https://bp2f.lu/files/results/Signed_BP2F%20-%20ISA%20805%20-%2031%2012%202020.pdf, and 
also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions:  
(a) 
Report of the réviseur d'entreprises agréé 
Pages 1-2

--- Page 97 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 97 - 
 
 
(b) 
Statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Page 3 
(c) 
Notes to the statement of cash flows 
Pages 4-5 
11. 
the following sections from the cash flow statements of BP2F for the year ended 31 December 2021 
and the audit report thereon issued on 14 April 2022 by Deloitte Audit as independent auditor (réviseur 
d'entreprises) and as approved independent auditor (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) available at 
https://bp2f.lu/files/results/BP2F_-_ISA_805_-_31_12_2021_signed.pdf and also available via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions: 
(a) 
Report of the réviseur d'entreprises agréé 
Pages 1-2 
(b) 
Statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Page 3 
(c) 
Notes to the statement of cash flows 
Pages 4-5 
12. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 46 to 208 of the base prospectus dated 17 June 2009 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2009 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/prospectus_2009-10149.pdf?sfvrsn=2 (and also 
available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
13. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 50 to 240 of the base prospectus dated 17 June 2010 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2010 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/fb_bp2f_emtn_base_prospectus-
10126.pdf?sfvrsn=2 (and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
14. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 53 to 194 of the base prospectus dated 17 June 2011 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2011 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/fb_bp2f_emtn_base_prospectus-2011-
15594f216c51e6f356ac689ddff00004366b6.pdf?sfvrsn=0 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
15. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 55 to 196 of the base prospectus dated 13 June 2012 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2012 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/bglbnpp_base_prospectu_2012-2013-
27822.pdf?sfvrsn=2 (and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
16. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 144 of the base prospectus dated 14 June 2013 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as supplemented by a 
supplement 
dated 
25 
September 
2013 
(the 
"2013 
Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/archive-of-offering-
documents-supplements/base_prospectus_final_june_2013-pdf-30149.pdf?sfvrsn=2 
and 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/archive-of-offering-

--- Page 98 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 98 - 
 
 
documents-supplements/1-cssf_emtn_supplement__base-prospectus.pdf?sfvrsn=2 (and also available 
via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
17. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 85 to 160 of the base prospectus dated 13 June 2014 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as supplemented by a 
supplement 
dated 
26 
June 
2014 
(the 
"2014 
Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/201510-update-investor-
website/1.pdf?sfvrsn=2 and https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/first_supplement_emtn_fv-32630.pdf?sfvrsn=2 
(and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
18. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 90 to 177 of the base prospectus dated 12 June 2015 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as supplemented by a 
supplement 
dated 
3 
September 
2015 
(the 
"2015 
Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/201510-update-investor-
website/2.pdf?sfvrsn=2 and https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/2015-1st-
supplement.pdf?sfvrsn=2 (and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
19. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 197 to 295 of the base prospectus dated 13 June 2016 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as supplemented by 
supplements dated 27 February 2017 and 26 April 2017 (the "2016 Conditions") and available at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/emtn-prospectus-2016.pdf?sfvrsn=4, 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/bnppf-3rd-supplement-
approved.pdf?sfvrsn=2 and https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/bp2f-
bnppf_fourth_emtn_supplement.pdf?sfvrsn=6 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
20. 
the Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt Notes only set out on pages 320 to 366 of the base prospectus 
dated 13 June 2016 relating to the Programme under the heading "Form of Final Terms for Non-
Exempt 
Notes 
only" 
(the 
"2016 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/emtn-prospectus-2016.pdf?sfvrsn=4 (and 
also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
21. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 205 to 316 of the base prospectus dated 9 June 2017 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as supplemented by a 
supplement 
dated 
16 
March 
2018 
(the 
"2017 
Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/bnp-paribas-fortis-programme-update-2017--
base-prospectus-final-version.pdf?sfvrsn=8 
and 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-
source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-
nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/bnppf-bp2f---second-
supplement-to-the-base-prospectus.pdf?sfvrsn=2 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
22. 
the Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt Notes only set out on pages 340 to 390 of the base prospectus 
dated 9 June 2017 relating to the Programme under the heading "Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt

--- Page 99 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 99 - 
 
 
Notes 
only" 
(the 
"2017 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/archive-of-offering-documents-supplements/bnp-paribas-fortis-programme-update-2017--
base-prospectus-final-version.pdf?sfvrsn=8 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
23. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 223 to 342 of the base prospectus dated 6 June 2018 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2018 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/bnppf-emtn-
update-2018---base-prospectus---final.pdf?sfvrsn=2 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
24. 
the Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt Notes only set out on pages 364 to 423 of the base prospectus 
dated 6 June 2018 relating to the Programme under the heading "Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt 
Notes 
only" 
(the 
"2018 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/bnppf-emtn-update-2018---base-
prospectus---final.pdf?sfvrsn=2 (and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
25. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 227 to 358 of the base prospectus dated 5 June 2019 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/bnppf-bp2f-emtn-base-prospectus-2019---final.pdf?sfvrsn=6 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
26. 
the Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt Notes only set out on pages 370 to 431 of the base prospectus 
dated 5 June 2019 relating to the Programme under the heading "Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt 
Notes 
only" 
(the 
"2019 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/bnppf-bp2f-emtn-base-
prospectus-2019---final.pdf?sfvrsn=6 (and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
27. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 194 to 320 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2020 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-
funding/uko2--2000500610-v1-fortis-2020-update---base-prospectus---final.pdf?sfvrsn=a12f9a6e_2 
(and also available via www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions;  
28. 
the Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt Notes only set out on pages 337 to 398 of the base prospectus 
dated 4 June 2020 relating to the Programme under the heading "Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt 
Notes 
only" 
(the 
"2020 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/uko2--2000500610-v1-
fortis-2020-update---base-prospectus---final.pdf?sfvrsn=a12f9a6e_2 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); 
29. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 198 to 331 of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2021 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2021 Conditions") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-
documents/non-restricted-library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-

--- Page 100 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 100 - 
 
 
funding/emtn-bp2f-bnppf---base-prospectus-2021.pdf?sfvrsn=ef5d9d6e_2 (and also available via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions); and 
30. 
the Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt Notes only set out on pages 348 to 411 of the base prospectus 
dated 3 June 2021 relating to the Programme under the heading "Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt 
Notes 
only" 
(the 
"2021 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms") 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/docs/default-source/pdf-(en)/offering-documents/non-restricted-
library/emtn-programmes/bnp-paribas-fortis-nvsa-bnp-paribas-fortis-funding/emtn-bp2f-bnppf---
base-prospectus-2021.pdf?sfvrsn=ef5d9d6e_2 
(and 
also 
available 
via 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved 
by (i) the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and (ii) the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange in accordance with Article 104 of Part 2, Chapter I of the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus (as previously supplemented from time to time) or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus (as previously supplemented from time to time). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus 
Where only certain sections of a document referred to above are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, the parts which are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective investors 
or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the Final Terms of any relevant Tranche will be available (a) in the case of any Tranche admitted 
to listing on the official list and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market or the Euro MTF, in electronic 
form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), and (b) in the case of any Tranche 
admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market and/or the Brussels 
Regulated Market, at www.bnpparibasfortis.be. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference 
will be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Additionally, this Base 
Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference at 
paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 above will be available at www.bp2f.lu. 
Non-exempt Offers extending beyond the validity of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2021 
The Issuer also notes that each of the following Non-exempt Offers (as defined below) extend beyond the 
validity of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2021: 
 
ISIN 
Website 
BE6334758768 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be/emissions (French) or 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be/emissies (Dutch) 
BE6334772900   
www.bnpparibasfortis.be/emissions (French) or 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be/emissies (Dutch) 
BE6334778964 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be/emissions (French) or 
www.bnpparibasfortis.be/emissies (Dutch)

--- Page 101 ---
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 101 -

--- Page 102 ---
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
 
 
- 102 - 
 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND 
THE GUARANTOR

--- Page 103 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 103 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
This section describes the business activities of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and also provides summary 
financial information and other information relating to it.

--- Page 104 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 104 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
1. 
General 
BNPPF is a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) under 
Belgian law. 
BNPPF is registered in the Register of Legal Entities of Brussels under the number 0403.199.702. The 
Legal Entity Identifier with regards to BNPPF is: KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. 
BNPPF was incorporated in Belgium on 5 December 1934. BNPPF has been established for an 
indefinite period. 
In Belgium, BNPPF is subject to supervision by the ECB, the prudential authority of the NBB and the 
market authority of the Belgian FSMA. 
As stated in article 3 of its Articles of Association, BNPPF's purpose is to undertake all and any 
business consistent with its status as a credit institution. It may also carry out any other operations or 
transactions that are directly or indirectly connected with its objects or conducive to their attainment. 
BNPPF may hold interests in partnerships and companies within the limits of the law relating to credit 
institutions. 
BNPPF's registered office is located at rue Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium where its 
headquarters are based (telephone number: +322 433 4131 (for French speakers)/+322 433 3134 (for 
Dutch speakers)). 
The websites of BNPPF are: www.bnpparibasfortis.be and www.bnpparibasfortis.com. The 
information on these websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference herein. 
The BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, the BNPPF 2020 Annual Report, the BNPPF 2021 Pillar 3 
Disclosure 
and 
the 
BNPPF 
2020 
Pillar 
3 
Disclosure 
are 
available 
on 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/financial-reports. 
2. 
Business overview 
BNPPF offers a comprehensive package of financial services through its own channels and via other 
partners to private, professional and wealthy clients in the Belgian market, as well as in Luxembourg 
and Turkey. BNPPF also provides corporations and public and financial institutions with customised 
solutions, for which it can draw on BNPP's know-how and international network. In the insurance 
sector, BNPPF works closely with the Belgian market leader AG Insurance, in which it owns a 25 per 
cent. stake. BNPPF employs around 10,532 people (full-time equivalents) in Belgium. 
BNPPF has built up a strong presence in the retail and private banking market, operating through a 
variety of distribution channels. In Belgium the company delivers universal banking and insurance 
services and solutions to its retail customers. In other countries, the product offer is tailored to specific 
customer segments. Private Banking offers integrated and international asset and liability management 
solutions to high net worth individuals in Belgium, their businesses and their advisers.

--- Page 105 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 105 - 
 
 
BNPPF also offers financial services to companies and institutional clients and provides integrated 
solutions to enterprise and entrepreneur. Corporate Banking fulfils the financial needs of corporate 
and midcap enterprises, public entities and local authorities through an integrated international 
network of business centres. 
BNPPF is part of the BNP Paribas group (the "BNP Paribas Group") (of which BNPP is the parent 
company), a leading bank in Europe with an international reach. It operates in 65 countries and has 
almost 190,000 employees, including nearly 145,000 in Europe. The BNP Paribas Group has key 
positions in its three main activities: Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (bringing together all 
of the BNP Paribas Group's retail activities and specialised business lines), Investment & Protection 
Services (including specialised businesses offering a wide range of savings, investment and protection 
services) and Corporate & Institutional Banking (offering tailored financial solutions for corporate and 
institutional clients). The BNP Paribas Group helps all its clients (individuals, community 
associations, entrepreneurs, small and medium enterprises ("SMEs"), corporates and institutional 
clients) to realise their projects through solutions spanning financing, investment, savings and 
protection insurance. In Europe, the BNP Paribas Group has four domestic markets (Belgium, France, 
Italy and Luxembourg) and BNP Paribas Personal Finance is the leader in consumer lending. BNPP 
is rolling out its integrated retail-banking model in Mediterranean countries, in Turkey and in Eastern 
Europe. Its retail and commercial banking activities in the United States conducted through its 
subsidiary Bank of the West, Inc. will be sold to BMO Financial Group in a transaction expected to 
close in the course of 2022. In its Corporate & Institutional Banking and Investment & Protection 
Services, BNPP also enjoys top positions in Europe, a strong presence in the Americas as well as a 
solid and fast-growing business in Asia-Pacific. 
At 31 December 2021, the BNP Paribas Group had consolidated assets of EUR 2,624.4 billion 
(compared to EUR 2,488.5 billion at 31 December 2020), consolidated loans and receivables due from 
customers of EUR 814 billion (compared to EUR 809.5 billion at 31 December 2020), consolidated 
items due to customers of EUR 957.7 billion (compared to EUR 941 billion at 31 December 2020) 
and shareholders' equity (the BNP Paribas Group share including income for 2021) of EUR 117.9 
billion (compared to EUR 112.8 billion at 31 December 2020). Pre-tax net income for the year ended 
31 December 2021 was EUR 13.64 billion (compared to EUR 9.82 billion for the year ended 31 
December 2020). Net income, attributable to equity holders, for the year ended 31 December 2021 
was EUR 9.49 billion (compared to EUR 7.07 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020). 
Principal activities 
The major changes in the consolidation scope of BNPPF during 2016-2022 were related to the 
acquisition of Arval Service Lease SA and the purchase from Bpost of the remaining 50 per cent. of 
its 50/50 Bpost bank joint venture. Changes in the BNPPF consolidation perimeter comprised, inter 
alia: 
 
On 8 December 2016 BNPPF acquired Arval Service Lease (Arval), the European leader in the 
automobile leasing sector, formerly a 100 per cent.-owned subsidiary of BNPP. This transaction 
concerned the contribution in kind by BNP Paribas S.A. of 100 per cent. minus five shares in 
Arval Service Lease S.A. to the share capital, the sale of five shares in Arval Service Lease S.A. 
by a number of subsidiaries of BNP Paribas S.A. to a subsidiary of BNPPF and the funding of 
most of the new business of the Arval group, from the date of closing of the Transaction. 
 
The transfer of the activities, assets and liabilities of eight European CIB branches and one rep 
office of BNPPF located in Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands, Norway, 
Romania, Sweden and Spain to BNP Paribas S.A. was completed during the years 2017 and 2018.

--- Page 106 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 106 - 
 
 
It involved also the transfer to BNP Paribas S.A. of the funding commitments of BNPPF towards 
the transferred businesses. 
 
Von Essen Bank GmbH, previously fully consolidated, was sold in January 2019 to BNP Paribas 
S.A. and merged with the German Branch of BNP Paribas S.A.. Von Essen Bank GmbH provides 
retail banking services in Germany. It offers savings and investing products, financing services, 
such as consumer credit, loan rescheduling, real estate credit, mortgage loans and leasing for 
equipment. 
 
Greenval Insurance DAC is a fleet motor insurance company registered in Ireland dedicated to 
customers of Arval. Following approval by the Irish regulatory authorities, Greenval Insurance 
DAC was sold by BNP Paribas Ireland to Arval Service Lease in December 2020. 
 
On 3 January 2022, BNPPF purchased the residual 50 per cent. stake of its 50/50 Bpost bank joint-
venture with Bpost. As a consequence, BNPPF has exclusive control of Bpost bank and the Bpost 
bank entity has been fully consolidated as of 2022. This operation will enable BNP Paribas Fortis 
to optimise the Retail Banking activity in Belgium. Bpost bank is a retail bank selling banking 
(daily banking, save and invest, lending) and insurance products (provided by AG Insurance) to 
its client base of almost 1 million clients, predominantly in Belgium. 
(a) 
Retail & Private Banking 
Retail Banking offers financial services to individuals, the self-employed, members of independent 
professions and small businesses. 3.4 million customers currently use BNPPF's integrated banking and 
insurance services, through proprietary and third-party networks, all embedded in a multi-channel 
environment. Operating through a variety of distribution channels, BNPPF provides services and 
advice on every aspect of daily banking, saving, investment, credit and insurance to a clearly 
segmented customer base. 
Retail & Private Banking Belgium 
Market position 
 
Market leadership in Belgium.1 
 
386 branches operating under the BNPPF brand are complemented by 226 franchises under the 
Fintro brand and 657 points of sale run under a partnership with Bpost. Other channels include a 
fleet of 1,215 ATMs, banking services via the internet through Easy Banking Web and Mobile 
banking (together 2.5 million active users). 
 
With 30 Private Banking centres and one Private Banking Centre by James (Private Banking 
Centre with remote services through digital channels), BNPPF is an important player in the 
Belgian private banking market. Individuals with assets of more than EUR 250,000 are eligible 
for private banking services. Wealth Management caters to clients with potential assets of more 
than EUR 5 million. They benefit from a dedicated service model and are primarily served via two 
Wealth Management centres. 
Key developments in 2021 
Highlighting BNPPF as a trusted financial partner 
                                                     
1 Source: BNPPF 2021 Annual Report

--- Page 107 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 107 - 
 
 
As the COVID-19 crisis took its toll, BNPPF continued its information campaigns aimed both at 
customers and retail private banking staff to keep them up to date with the latest arrangements for: 
payment deferments and moratoria on both loan reimbursements and insurance premiums, remote 
access to BNPPF and precautionary rules at BNPPF's branches and self-banking points. 
As a number of BNPPF's customers were seriously affected by the July 2021 floods in Belgium, 
BNPPF adjusted its marketing and publicity campaigns, giving priority to assisting – in close 
collaboration with BNPPF's insurance partner, AG Insurance – those customers who needed to file 
damage and loss claims. 
In the service of BNPPF's individual customers, BNPPF continued throughout the year to implement 
BNPPF's financial well-being approach, producing specific information sheets on the themes of 
mobility & transportation, budgeting, investment and planning for the future. 
Meanwhile, BNPPF provided its professional customer segment with more convenient access to 
BNPPF's expertise in various fields through a series of six interactive webinars on topics ranging from 
taxation to job mobility, digital payments and insurance, plus also special assistance to those wishing 
to start up a business. We backed up these free-of-charge web seminars, which were offered to all of 
BNPPF's bank for entrepreneurs clients, with newsletters geared to specific client needs, and also 
conducted publicity campaigns on social media, featuring BNPPF's experts on various themes. 
On the investment side, during 2021 BNPPF continued to develop and promote its MyExperts 
platform, which provides BNPPF's Private Banking, Wealth Management and Priority Exclusive 
clients with access to written articles and webinars designed to help them take investment decisions. 
In addition, BNPPF launched a new theme entitled "#MyFuture", aimed at the millennial generation. 
As part of BNPPF's overall Family Approach, this new initiative provides specific content geared to 
assisting the children of BNPPF's Private Banking and Wealth Management clients. 
BNPPF also made an effort to improve the transparency of its information regarding the charges made 
for our various solutions and services, by listing up all tariff changes twice per year – in May and 
November – and taking proactive measures to clearly inform all clients affected by price changes. 
Speeding up BNPPF's repositioning as a banking-and-insurance provider 
In 2019, BNPPF began the process of repositioning itself as a provider of solutions and advice in both 
the financial and insurance fields. This process picked up pace during 2021. BNPPF ran a large-scale 
publicity campaign throughout the year, with three waves of advertising on TV, radio, digital channels 
and social media designed to raise awareness among both existing and prospective clients of the 
capabilities of BNPPF in providing insurance for individual customers. The advertising campaign was 
backed up by direct marketing campaigns offering existing customers a free check-up on the current 
state of their insurance policies. 
In addition, 2021 saw BNPPF's retail private bank incorporate the fire, accident and general risks 
insurance solutions of our partner, AG Insurance, into BNPPF's information and sales channels. 
BNPPF also recruited around 50 business insurance experts so that BNPPF could offer its self-
employed/professional clients a full range of solutions for their financial and insurance requirements 
in a "one-stop shop" approach designed to make their lives easier. 
Roll-out of the hybrid model goes ahead 
As in 2020, the ongoing COVID-19 crisis, which entailed lockdowns and restrictions on personal 
movements and human contact, also led to a marked increase during 2021 in BNPPF's customers' use 
of BNPPF's digital channels. BNPPF saw an increase of almost 65,000 in the number of video calls,

--- Page 108 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 108 - 
 
 
mainly for remote advice, and an increase of 112,826 customers using the Easy Banking App or Easy 
Banking Web (total: 2,490,357 at end-2021). These developments have also led to an increase in the 
proportion of direct sales – i.e. those carried out remotely and via digital channels – which now stand 
at 50 per cent. 
Other digital innovations and developments designed to make life easier for BNPPF's customers 
include a new homepage for BNPPF's Easy Banking App, plus a range of new functions suited to 
various customer profiles. 
Helping customers make a comfortable transition to the digital era 
In October, at a moment when Belgium enjoyed a brief respite from COVID-19, BNPPF took the 
opportunity to relaunch a series of digital workshops, which had started at BNPPF's branches in 2019, 
before having to suspend these customer training events again. In parallel, between June and 
December, BNPPF ran a widespread campaign on social media of educational videos designed to help 
customers make best use of the full range of functions offered by the BNPPF Easy Banking App. 
BNPPF has made special efforts to ensure that its customers remain protected while using digital tools 
in their day-to-day lives. During 2021, BNPPF put out regular information – interactive videos and 
specific practical tips – on how to maintain online security and guard against attacks, such as phishing 
attempts. 
In 2021, BNPPF also continued its efforts to help its entrepreneur and business-owning clients 
digitalise their businesses. To this end, BNPPF offers a digital maturity assessment and also 
recommends point-of-sale or digital payment solutions provided by BNPPF's subsidiary, Axepta, 
which has recently strengthened its position in the Belgian market with the acquisition of the Ingenico 
In Store businesses in Belgium and Luxembourg. 
Stepping up overall customer support 
In 2021, retail private banking continued rolling out a determined policy of providing each and every 
customer with the appropriate type of advice and support, with clear and transparent charges. For 
BNPPF's Bank for Entrepreneurs clients, BNPPF embarked on the second phase of its roll-out of the 
Advice Pro model, which combines proactive overall support plus a package of solutions and services 
for a fixed quarterly fee. Meanwhile, BNPPF continued the process of transitioning its individual 
customers to relationship models such as "priority", "priority exclusive" or the wealth management 
contracts offered by its Private Banking and Wealth Management arms, according to their precise 
needs. 
Assisting the transition to greener mobility 
In line with BNPPF's overall strategic vision of supporting the transition towards a more sustainable 
economy, BNPPF has launched a number of publicity campaigns explaining how BNPPF is able to 
advise both individual customers and self-employed professionals on the subject of green 
transportation. BNPPF publishes articles and videos produced by its automobile taxation experts.  
BNPPF also offers more attractive interest rates on "green" car loans and systematically promotes the 
purchase of hybrid or full-electric vehicles, offering deals via BNPPF's leasing subsidiary, Arval. 
New tailored offerings for business starters 
BNPPF has always sought to play a dynamic role in the local economy. BNPPF has now adjusted its 
approach to provide support to new and future entrepreneurs, meeting their needs to help them bring

--- Page 109 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 109 - 
 
 
their ideas to fruition and launch their business. In 2021, BNPPF set out this new approach via a radio 
and online publicity campaign. 
In addition, BNPPF launched a new digital "Hello Bank! Pro" offering for self-employed customers 
with a self-managed business who have very straightforward banking needs. These customers are able 
to request a company number, open an online business account and access useful advice in the form 
of expert articles. 
Innovative solutions designed to make life easier for BNPPF's customers 
BNPPF's launch during the year of an exclusive new Visa debit card for all its customers – both 
individual account holders and self-employed/professional clients – is another example of BNPPF's 
commitment to make life easier for its customers, as this card makes it easier to carry out fully secure 
online purchases. 
Supporting investment beyond basic savings 
Given recent developments in financial market conditions, especially the persistence of extremely low 
interest rates, BNPPF has adjusted its traditional savings offering – in a first phase for legal entities 
with savings in excess of EUR 500,000 and subsequently for physical persons, both individual 
customers and self-employed/professional clients whose savings account balances regularly stand in 
excess of EUR 250,000. BNPPF guides its customers through the transition in their savings approach 
towards investment vehicles that match their real needs and profiles. 
BNPPF's expertise continues to earn recognition 
In 2021, for the fifth consecutive year, BNPPF was awarded the title of "Bank of the Year – Belgium" 
by the Financial Times Group publication, The Banker. The awards jury made specific reference to 
BNPPF's ongoing innovation drive, the new service models resulting from the launch of its subsidiary, 
Axepta, the renewal of its partnership with Bpost and the alignment of BNPPF's investment policies 
with the Sustainable Development Goals set out by the United Nations. 
 
BGL BNP Paribas SA 
Retail Banking, Corporate Banking and Private Banking Luxembourg – a broad range of financial 
products and services, including current accounts, savings products and insurance products, plus 
specialised services for professional people and companies, such as leasing. 
BGL BNP Paribas SA serves its clients through 34 branches, several Private Banking Centres for high-
net-worth residents of the Grand Duchy and business centres that provide services exclusively to self-
employed professionals. It also has one of the country's most extensive ATM networks. 
 
TEB 
BNPPF operates in Turkey through Türk Ekonomi Bankasi ("TEB"), in which it holds a 48.72 per 
cent. stake. TEB ranks 10th in the country's banking sector in terms of market share in loans and 
deposits, and provides the full range of the BNP Paribas Group's Retail products and services in 
Turkey. 
In Retail Banking, TEB provides debit and credit cards, mortgage loans, personal loans, plus 
investment and insurance products, which are distributed through the branch network and via Internet, 
phone and mobile banking.

--- Page 110 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 110 - 
 
 
Through its commercial and small business banking departments, the Bank offers a full range of 
banking services to small and medium-sized enterprises and is also recognised as having strong 
expertise in non-financial services. 
Corporate Banking services include international trade finance, asset and cash management, credit 
services, hedging of currency, interest and commodity risk, plus factoring and leasing. 
TEB's Retail and Private Banking division is steadily attracting greater numbers of customers through 
both its branch network and online channels, with its diversified product range, quality of service and 
the banking experience it offers. Its goal is to be the primary bank for all its customers and it is 
therefore pursuing a digital transformation strategy geared to improving its service channels and the 
overall customer experience, which is central to all its activities. TEB applies human-centric design 
and customer journey methodologies and runs advocacy programmes designed to obtain and make 
good use of customer insights. 
(b) 
Corporate Banking 
With its well-developed, diversified and integrated business and service model, BNPPF Corporate 
Banking ("CB") is well equipped to serve a wide range of clients, including small and medium-sized 
companies, Belgian and European corporates, financial institutions, institutional investors, public 
entities and local authorities. Corporate Banking has a strong client base among large and medium-
sized companies and is the market leader in these two categories, as well as being a strong challenger 
in the public sector. 
Providing a wide range of both traditional and bespoke specialised solutions and services, and drawing 
on the international network of the BNP Paribas Group across 65 countries, CB continues to meet the 
precise financing, transaction banking, investment banking and insurance needs of its clients, in 
Belgium and abroad. 
In 2021, CB continued making efforts to be the preferred bank for corporates in Belgium by providing 
them with convenient access to banking solutions using digital tools. 
It also continued to play a major role in providing support to the Belgian economy during the year. 
The CB division further pursued its roadmap on digital transformation and process efficiency 
improvement. It also enhanced its servicing model by accelerating the roll-out of digital capabilities 
and remote contact channels. 
With the Sustainable Business Competence Centre, CB is firmly positioning itself as a sustainable 
corporate bank. During the year the division stepped up its efforts to help clients make the transition 
to more sustainable practices and business models and to invest in transformative projects needed to 
address the huge challenges of harmful climate change and shrinking biodiversity. BNPPF devoted 
increased attention to the fields of energy transition, decarbonisation, circular- and regenerative 
economy and biochemistry. CB also widened its expertise on the regulatory framework of the EU 
Green Deal and Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) business criteria. 
In 2021, BNPPF won the title of "Belgium's Best Investment Bank" for the second year in a row, 
conferred by Euromoney magazine as part of its annual Awards for Excellence. 
In addition, BNPPF was declared "Market Leader" in Euromoney's Cash Management Non-Financial 
Institutions survey in 2021.

--- Page 111 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 111 - 
 
 
Market positions 
 
Strong leadership position in Belgium with more than 300 corporate client relations and more than 
8,000 midcap client relations, and a challenger in public banking (almost 400 clients). 
 
High penetration rate among selected European customers (such as internationally active SMEs). 
 
Arval 
Arval is a BNPPF subsidiary specialising in full-service vehicle leasing and new sustainable mobility 
solutions. Arval provides its corporate clients – ranging from large international corporates to small 
and medium-sized enterprises – its partners, their employees, as well as individual customers with 
flexible solutions to help make their journeys seamless and sustainable. At the end of 2021, Arval had 
permanent establishments in 30 countries, employing 7,500 staff, with almost 1.5 million leased 
vehicles. The company mainly does business in Europe, where it has a leading position. It has also 
entered into a number of strategic partnerships through the Element-Arval Global Alliance, the world 
leader in this sector, with around three million leased vehicles in 53 countries. With the signing of a 
partnership with Sixt Transporent, this alliance was extended to three additional countries – Latvia, 
Lithuania and Estonia – in October 2021. 
Additional information 
 
BNPPF has established a EUR 10,000,000,000 covered bond (residential mortgage 
pandbrieven/lettres de gage) programme dated 12 September 2016 with BNPPF and BNPP acting 
as arrangers and dealers. BNPPF already issued under that programme. 
Principal Markets - Segment Information 
Banking activities in Belgium 
In Belgium, BNPPF offers a comprehensive package of financial services to private individuals, the 
self-employed, members of the professions and SMEs. BNPPF also provides high net worth 
individuals, corporations and public and financial institutions with customised solutions, for which it 
is able to draw on the know-how and international network of the parent company, BNPP. 
In RPB, BNPPF has a solid footprint, serving 3.4 million individuals, professionals, SMEs and private 
banking customers. It has a very strong presence in the local market, through a network of 386 
branches, plus other channels such as ATMs and online banking facilities, including mobile banking. 
In its retail banking activities, BNPPF operates under four complementary brands: the main brand 
BNPPF, plus Fintro, Bpost bank/banque and Hello bank!, a 100% digital mobile banking service. In 
the insurance sector, BNPPF works in close cooperation with the Belgian market leader, AG 
Insurance. 
CB serves a wide range of clients, including small and medium-sized companies, Belgian and 
European corporates, financial institutions, institutional investors, public entities and local authorities. 
CB has a strong client base among large and medium-sized companies and is the market leader in 
these two categories, as well as a strong challenger in the public sector. 
Providing a wide range of both traditional and bespoke specialised solutions and services, and drawing 
on the international network of the BNP Paribas Group in 65 countries, CB continues to meet the 
precise financing, transaction banking, investment banking and insurance needs of its clients.

--- Page 112 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 112 - 
 
 
Banking activities in Luxembourg 
BGL BNP Paribas ranks among the leading banks operating in the Luxembourg financial marketplace. 
It has made a significant contribution to the country's emergence as a major international financial 
centre and is deeply rooted in Luxembourg's economic, cultural, sporting and social life. 
As a partner with a longstanding commitment to the national economy, BGL BNP Paribas offers a 
wide range of products both for individuals and for professional and institutional clients. Ranked as 
the number one bank for corporates and the number two bank for resident individuals in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, BGL BNP Paribas is also the leader in bancassurance, providing combined 
offerings of insurance and banking services. 
Other Domestic Markets 
The operating segment "Other Domestic Markets" mainly comprises BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions 
and Arval. 
Fully owned by BNPPF, Arval specialises in full service vehicle leasing. Arval offers its customers – 
large international corporates, SMEs and professionals – tailored solutions that optimise their 
employees' mobility and outsource the risks associated with fleet management. Expert advice and 
service quality, which are the foundations of Arval's customer promise, are delivered in 30 countries. 
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions is a European leader in leasing for corporate and small business clients. 
It specialises in rental and finance solutions, ranging from professional equipment leasing to fleet 
outsourcing. 
Other 
This segment mainly comprises BNP Paribas Asset Management, AG Insurance, Personal Finance 
and the foreign branches of BNPPF. 
BNPPF 2021 Financial Results 
The consolidated net income attributable to equity holders in 2021 amounted to EUR 2,593 million, 
up by +38.6 per cent. compared to 2020. When excluding non-recurrent items (related mainly to the 
depreciation of the Turkish lira, the scope changes, the one-off results of BNP Paribas Asset 
Management, the impairment of the equity-method investment in Bpost bank in Q4 2020 and a real 
estate capital gain in the results of Belgium in 2021), the underlying variance year on year (excluding 
non-recurrent items) showed an increase of +29.5 per cent.. 
The below analysis focuses on this underlying variance year on year (excluding non-recurrent items). 
Strong results with a positive evolution in Belgium and an excellent performance of subsidiaries 
Revenues amounted to EUR 8,412 million, up 7.5 per cent. compared to 2020. 
 
In Belgium2, revenues increased by 4.3 per cent., despite the impact of the low interest rate 
environment, as a consequence of Belgian retail banking activities, supported by the growth of 
customer loans, a sharp increase in fee income driven by strong development of investments, a 
                                                     
  
Excluding non-recurrent items, i.e. at constant scope, constant exchange rates, and excluding other one-off 
results. 
2  
Belgium includes Belgian Retail Banking and Corporate & Institutional Banking.

--- Page 113 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 113 - 
 
 
strong contribution from the private equity business and corporate and institutional banking's 
lending activity. 
 
In other activities, revenues increased by 11.0 per cent., driven by the continued development of 
activities in Other Domestic Markets (Arval and Leasing Solutions) and at Personal Finance 
(Alpha Crédit), with a very strong rebound in production and a continued rise of prices of second-
hand vehicles for Arval where the revenue increase was very strong. In Turkey, the increase of 
revenues was mainly supported by the growth of customer loans and the higher commission 
income. 
Costs amounted to EUR 4,577 million, increasing by 2.7 per cent. compared to 2020. 
 
In Belgium, costs decreased by -1.2 per cent., reflecting the impact of the measures taken to 
continue improving the efficiency, including the ongoing industrialisation of BNPPF's operational 
processes, further branch network adaptations and a reduction in headcount, partly offset by 
inflation and higher banking taxes. 
 
In other activities, costs increased by 8.0 per cent. mainly in support of the growth of activities in 
other domestic markets, IT developments, banking taxes in Luxembourg and the impact of 
inflation in Turkey. 
Gross operating income increased by 14.0 per cent. to EUR 3,835 million. The consolidated cost / 
income ratio3 improved at 54.4 per cent., compared to 57.5 per cent. in 2020. In Belgium, the ratio 
was further materially reduced from 63.5 per cent. in 2020 to 59.5 per cent. 
Cost of risk amounted to EUR 359 million, decreasing by -15 basis points compared to a high basis 
in 2020, driven by overall lower provisions on non-performing loans (stage 3) and performing loans 
(stages 1 & 2). Cost of risk has returned to a normal level of 17 basis points. 
 
In Belgium, the cost of risk was lower (9 basis points compared to 21 basis points in 2020), with 
a decrease of provisions on both non-performing and performing loans, compared to a high basis 
in 2020, impacted by one specific item and the health crisis. 
 
In most other activities, there was an overall decrease of the cost of risk with lower provisions on 
both non-performing and performing loans. At Arval and in Turkey, the overall decrease was 
partly offset by the strong volume growth and the corresponding increase of provisions on 
performing loans. 
The share of earnings of equity-method entities was up by 18.8 per cent., at EUR 322 million, 
mainly due to higher contributions from BNP Paribas Asset Management and AG Insurance. The 
contribution from BNP Paribas Bank Polska was lower than last year, impacted by a non-recurring 
item. 
The net income attributable to equity holders of EUR 2,593 million increased by +29.5 per cent. 
compared to 2020. 
Financial structure 
The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 342 billion as at 31 December 2021, an increase of 
EUR 7 billion or 2 per cent. compared to the end of 2020. 
                                                     
3  
The cost income ratio is calculated by dividing the total operating expenses and depreciation (absolute value) by 
the total revenues (the net banking income), without excluding the non-recurrent items.

--- Page 114 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 114 - 
 
 
The consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 18.0 per cent. (compared to 15.9 per cent. 
as of 31 December 2020), well above the regulatory threshold. 
The non-consolidated Liquidity Coverage Ratio stood at 192 per cent. (compared to 191 per cent. 
as of 31 December 2020), well above the regulatory threshold of 100 per cent. 
Strategy and objectives 
On 8 February 2022, the BNP Paribas Group presented the main areas and priorities of its strategic 
plan for 2025, called "Growth, Technology & Sustainability 2025", as well as its financial ambitions. 
This presentation is available on the investors' website https://invest.bnpparibas.com. 
Growth, Technology & Sustainability 2025 
The BNP Paribas Group has built an integrated and diversified model that has proven its performance 
in all environments.  
This model translates in an organisation based on three pillars, integrated to focus on the needs of 
clients and partners: Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB); Commercial & Personal Banking and 
Services (CPBS), which encompasses all the Group's Commercial and personal banking as well as 
specialised businesses such as BNP Paribas Personal Finance or Arval; and Investment & Protection 
Services (IPS), which brings together Wealth and Asset Management businesses and Insurance. 
Leveraging the strengths of its platforms and favourably positioned client franchises with the full 
benefit of its integrated and transformed operating model, the BNP Paribas Group aims to deliver 
profitable growth, while making technology and industrialisation a hallmark of its development, 
scaling up sustainable finance and social and environmental responsibility, as well as developing its 
employees' potential and engagement. 
Accordingly, and building on the strength of its model, the BNP Paribas Group aims to maintain 
disciplined organic growth while gaining market share at marginal cost, thus generating new growth 
opportunities and substantial economies of scale. 
The BNP Paribas Group thus reaffirms the importance and relevance of the pillars that have structured 
its development and its value creation model, with the objective of ensuring that growth in revenues 
outstrips growth in operating expenses and growth in risk-weighted assets, along with a ROTE above 
the cost of capital in 2025. 
Possible dependency 
Except for the banking licence of BNPPF, there is no patent or licence, industrial, commercial or 
financial contract or new manufacturing processes that is material to BNPPF's business or profitability. 
Basis for any statements made by BNPPF regarding its competitive position 
The basis for any statements in this Base Prospectus made by BNPPF regarding its competitive 
position originate from BNPPF's evaluation of market trends and should generally reflect market 
views. 
Information relating to the joint ventures and undertakings in which BNPPF holds a proportion 
of the capital likely to have a significant effect on the assessment of its own assets and liabilities, 
financial position or profits and losses

--- Page 115 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 115 - 
 
 
Financial information on joint ventures can be found in note 4.k of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, 
as well as in the simplified legal structure chart at paragraph 3 below. 
Environmental issues that may affect BNPPF's utilisation of its tangible fixed assets 
Currently no environmental issues are affecting BNPPF's use of its tangible fixed assets. This topic is 
monitored, both from a perspective of the CO2 impact of its building and data centres on the 
environment (BNPP has been climate neutral since the end of 2017), as from the perspective of 
possible impact of new regulation/existing regulation on current/new facilities or impact of severe 
weather phenomena on our assets. Local climate activists have, on occasion (for example, on 1 April 
2021), symbolically blocked the entrance of one of the buildings, without impact on the operations. 
3. 
Organisational structure 
Simplified legal structure chart: 
 
 
BNPP has a stake of 99.94 per cent. in BNPPF. The remaining shares (0.06 per cent.) are held by the 
public. The SFPI/FPIM has a stake of 7.74 per cent. in BNPP's capital. BNPPF holds stakes in a range 
of subsidiaries (subsidiaries are those companies whose financial and operating policies BNPPF, 
directly or indirectly, has the power to govern so as to obtain benefits from its activities), the most 
important of which are: 
Name of subsidiary 
Country of incorporation or 
residence 
Proportion of ownership interest held 
and, if different, proportion of voting 
power held (directly and indirectly) 
Bpost Bank N.V./S.A. 
Belgium 
100% 
BGL BNP Paribas S.A. 
Luxembourg 
50 % + 1 share 
Turk Ekonomi Bankası A.S. ("TEB") (*) 
Turkey 
48.72%

--- Page 116 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 116 - 
 
 
TEB Holdings A.S. (a joint venture with 
the Colacoglu Group which holds 55 % of 
TEB's share capital) (*) 
Turkey 
50 % 
Arval Service Lease S.A. 
France 
100 % 
AG Insurance 
Belgium 
25 % + 1 share 
BNP Paribas Bank Polska 
Poland 
24.07 % 
BNP Paribas Asset Management Holding 
France 
30.90 % 
(*) Participation via SPV BNP Paribas Fortis Yatirimlar Holding A.S. (99.99% owned by BNPPF) 
4. 
Operating and financial review 
Financial situation 
For an understanding of BNPPF's business as a whole, a fair review of the development and 
performance of BNPPF's business and of its position for 2019, 2020 and 2021, including the causes 
of material changes, see the management reports of 2019, 2020 and 2021, which are included in the 
BNPPF 2021 Annual Report and the BNPPF 2020 Annual Report, which are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Operating results 
For a description of (i) information regarding significant factors, including unusual or infrequent 
events or new developments, materially affecting BNPPF's income from operations and indicate the 
extent to which income was so affected and (ii) where financial information incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus discloses material changes in net sales or revenues, a narrative discussion of 
the reasons for such changes, see the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
5. 
Capital resources 
BNPPF's capital resources 
Please see the balance sheet of BNPPF as at 31 December 2021 included in the BNPPF 2021 Annual 
Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Sources and amounts of cash flows 
Please see the cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 included in the BNPPF 2021 
Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Borrowing requirements and funding structure 
Please see the balance sheet of BNPPF as at 31 December 2021 included in the BNPPF 2021 Annual 
Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Restrictions on the use of capital resources that have materially affected, or could materially 
affect, BNPPF's operations

--- Page 117 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 117 - 
 
 
There are no restrictions on the use of capital resources that have materially affected, or could 
materially affect, BNPPF's operations. 
Anticipated sources of funds needed to fulfil commitments for any material investments of 
BNPPF 
N/A 
6. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies, and senior management 
Board of Directors and Executive Board 
In general, the Board of Directors (Raad van Bestuur/Conseil d'Administration) is responsible for 
BNPPF in accordance with applicable law. The Board of Directors defines and controls in particular 
(i) the strategy and goals of BNPPF, (ii) the risk policy (including the risk appetite) of BNPPF, (iii) 
the organisation of BNPPF for the provision of investment services and activities, (iv) the integrity 
related policies, BNPPF's Internal Governance Memorandum and its Corporate Governance Policy. 
As provided for in the Belgian Banking Law and in the Articles of Association, an Executive Board 
has been set up (directiecomité/comité de direction), composed exclusively out of directors. The 
members of the Executive Board are also referred to as 'executive directors'. 
The composition of the Board of Directors is as follows: 17 members, of which 10 members are non-
executive and 7 members are executive. The business address for each of the members of the Board 
of Directors is Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
The composition of the Board of Directors is as follows: 
Ten Non-Executive members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Start first mandate 
End mandate 
Herman Daems 
Director and Chairman 
2009 
2024 
Dominique Aubernon 
Director 
2016 
2024 
Dirk Boogmans 
Director 
2009 
2024 
Antoinette d'Aspremont 
Lynden 
Director 
2012 
2024 
Stefaan Decraene 
Director 
2013 
2025 
Sophie Dutordoir 
Director 
2010 
2023 
Anne Leclercq 
Director 
2022 
2026 
Sofia Merlo 
Director 
2016 
2024 
Titia Van Waeyenberghe 
Director 
2019 
2023 
Thierry Varène 
Director 
2009 
2024 
Seven Executive members, comprising also the Executive Board (Directiecomité/Comité de 
Direction): 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Start first mandate 
End mandate

--- Page 118 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 118 - 
 
 
Maxime Jadot 
Member of the Board of Directors and 
Chairman of the Executive Board 
2011 
2023 
Michael Anseeuw 
Member of the Executive Board 
2018 
2026 
Didier Beauvois 
Member of the Executive Board 
2014 
2023 
Daniel de Clerck 
Member of the Executive Board 
2019 
2023 
Piet Van Aken 
Member of the Executive Board 
2016 
2024 
Stéphane Vermeire 
Member of the Executive Board 
2018 
2026 
Sandra Wilikens 
Member of the Executive Board 
2022 
2026 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee ("ExCo") consists of 12 members, the seven members of the Executive 
Board ("ExBo") in their respective responsibilities, together with five heads of businesses or support 
services (reporting line between brackets). The ExCo has been set-up to assist the ExBo with the 
fulfilment of its role and responsibilities and to advise the ExBo as and when needed. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address for each of the members of the ExCo is 
Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Maxime Jadot 
Chairman of the Executive Committee (specific responsibilities include global responsibility for all 
banking activities, in particular, banking activities in Belgium, Finance, Tax, Compliance, Legal, 
Branding & Communications, Transformation Office, Data, Secretary General and Audit) 
Michael Anseeuw  
Head of Retail Banking 
Didier Beauvois  
Head of Corporate & Institutional Banking 
Daniel de Clerck  
Chief Operating Officer (Group functions) (specific responsibilities include, HR, IT & Operations) 
Piet Van Aken  
Chief Risk Officer 
Stéphane Vermeire  
Head of Private Banking and Wealth Management 
Sandra Wilikens 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Pierre Bouchara 
Chief Financial Officer 
Marc Camus  
Chief Information Officer 
Jo Coutuer 
Chief Data Officer 
Christophe Galimard 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Kathleen Pauwels  
Head of Client Service Centre

--- Page 119 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 119 - 
 
 
Regional General Managers 
Antwerp: Bart Ecker 
Brussels: Marie-Cécile Van Ecke 
East FI.: Nico Eeckhout 
FI. Brabant: Christine Winters  
Hainaut: Bernard Jouan  
Liège: Bernard Dubois 
Limburg: Sven Jorissen 
W. Brab.-Nam.-Lu.: Christophe Vandenbussche 
West FI.: Claude Parmentier 
BNP Paribas Fortis organisation chart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Names of all companies and partnerships (excl. non profit, patrimonial companies and 
management companies) in which members of the Board of Directors have been a member of 
the administrative, management or supervisory bodies or partner at any time in the previous 
five years, indicating whether or not the individual is still a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies or partner  
 
Name 
Company/Partnership and Capacity/Function 
When 
Herman Daems 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2009 
 
Domo Investment Group NV, Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2011 
 
Unibreda NV, Director & Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2013 
 
Canada Belgium Committee, Director 
Since 2018 
 
European Corporate Governance Institute, Director and Chairman of the Board 
of Directors 
Director since 
2020 
and 
Chairman since 
2021 
Maxime Jadot 
BNP Paribas SA, Member of the Executive Committee 
Since 2011 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Chairman of the Executive Board 
Since 2011 
 
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2012 
 
Baltisse NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Michael Anseeuw 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2018 
 
Belgian Mobile ID NV, Director  and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2017 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private Equity Belgium NV, Director 
Since 2017 
BNP Paribas Fortis (Chairman ExBo & CEO) - Max Jadot 
Chief Operating Office 
Daniël de Clerck 
Risk (Chief Risk Officer) 
Piet Van Aken 
Retail & Private Banking Belgium 
Stéphane Vermeire / Michael Anseeuw 
Corporate Banking 
Didier Beauvois 
CEO Office 
Max Jadot 
Human Resources 
Sandra Wilikens 
Risk Belgian Retail Banking 
Didier Van Hecke 
Information Technology 
Marc Camus 
Private Banking & Wealth 
Mngt – Stéphane Vermeire 
Retail Banking 
Michael Anseeuw 
Deputy Head 
Herwig Van Camp 
Compliance 
Christophe Galimard 
HR Business 
Wim Smet 
RISK ORC 
Luk Van Wesemael 
Client Servivce Centre 
Khatleen Pauwels 
Wealth Management PRB 
Olivier Van Belleghem 
Sales Management iBank 
Gert Broothaers 
Corporate Coverage Belgium 
Virginie Martens 
Finance 
Pierre Bouchara 
HR Social & Reward 
Marc Peeters 
Risk CIB 
Krista Depetter 
Data 
J Coutuer 
Sales Mngt Private Banking 
Frank Claus 
Bank for Entrepeneurs 
Bart Ballon 
Commerical Banking Belgium 
Frank Claeys 
ALM & Treasury 
Philippe Goosse 
HR Service Centre 
Vera Lenaerts 
Enterprise Risk Architecture 
Emmanuèle Denis 
Business Continuity & Phyiscal 
Security – Marc Simar 
Estate Planning & Lending 
Benoit Frin 
Easy Banking Centre 
Andy T'Jampens 
Core Banking 
Marina Vanstipelen 
Business Transformation 
Consulting 
Thomas Thysens 
HR Analytics Centre Fin & Plan 
Sarah Cuepers 
COO & Tribe Lead Risks and 
Credit – Laurent Burnay 
Housing & Sourcing Services 
Thierry Jacqmin 
Investment Services PRB 
Thierry Charlier 
Alternative Retail Brands 
Luc Keppens 
Transaction Banking 
Frederic Fontaine 
Tax 
Yves Verdingh 
Learning & Development 
Geert Bernaerdt 
DPO 
Vincent Cauwelier 
Sustainable Financial Serurity 
Program – Kristof Meganck 
COO Private Banking & Wealth 
Management  
Freija De Corte 
Bpost bank Integration Office 
Lieve De Mol 
Global Markets & BP2S 
Didier Lannoy 
Economic Research 
Koen De Leus 
HR Senior Mgt & HR4HR 
Marc Van Hove 
Chief of Staff 
Robert Cuda 
Global Banking EMEA 
Gilles Polet 
General Secretariat 
Marc Moonens 
HR BOO (Chief of Staff) 
Mattias Dierckx 
Fraud Investigaitons 
Yves Lievens 
COO Office 
Paul Gennart 
Audit 
Hilde Duson 
Customer Services related 
activities – Johanna Verplaetse 
Legal 
Els Ponnet 
Chief of Staff 
Kevin Daerden 
CoE Communications 
Annemie Goegebuer 
Net Promoter Office 
Carla Delport 
Deputy Head of Territory 
Carine De Nys 
Joint MT Retail & Private Banking 
Stéphane Vermeire / Michael Anseeuw 
Network Transf. Office/Sales 
Performance Mngt 
Michael Anseeuw a.i. 
Credit Management RPB 
Aren Vanhoutte 
Marketing & Change RPB 
Leen Teunen 
Pi
V
Ak
Conduct & Responsible  Selling 
Barbara Roels 
ExBo members 
ExCo members 
MT member 
Direct reports

--- Page 120 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 120 - 
 
 
 
AG Insurance NV, Director 
Since 2017 
 
Lets Didid NV, Director 
Since 2017 
 
Bpost bank, Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Director since 
2021 
and 
Chairman since 
2022 
Antoinette 
d'Aspremont 
Lynden  
Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA, Director 
Since 2011 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA, Director 
Since 2012 
Dominique 
Aubernon 
BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, Director 
Since 2015 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2016 
 
BNP Paribas US Wholesale Holding, Director 
Since 2018 
 
Exane SA, Director 
Since 2019 
 
Verner Investissements SAS, Director 
Since 2021 
 
Exane Derivatives SNC, Director 
Since 2021 
 
Exane Finance SA, Director 
Since 2021 
 
Exane Derivatives Gérance SA, Director 
Since 2021 
 
Exane Participations SNC, Director 
Since 2021 
 
Exane Asset Management SAS, Director 
Since 2021 
 
BNP Paribas USA Inc., Director  
Since 2020 
 
Sicovam Holding SA, Director 
Since 2020 
 
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2021 
Didier Beauvois  
BGL BNP Paribas SA, Director 
Since 2015 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2014 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private Equity Belgium NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Dirk Boogmans 
Vinçotte International NV, Director 
Since 2009 
 
Vinçotte Inter NV SO, Director 
Since 2017 
 
Smile Invest NV, Director 
Since 2017  
 
Smile Invest Management Company NV, Director 
Since 2017 
 
Newton Biocapital I NV, Director 
Since 2018 
 
Newton Biocapital II NV, Director 
Since 2021 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2009 
 
Vinçotte Controlatum NV, Director 
Since 2020 
 
Vinçotte Academy NV, Director 
Since 2020 
 
Vinçotte NV, Director 
Since 2020 
 
VUB, Director 
Since 2012 
 
UZB, Director 
Since 2012 
Daniel de Clerck

--- Page 121 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 121 - 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
2019 
 
Batopin NV, Director 
Since 2020 
Stefaan Decraene 
Bank of the West (USA), Director 
Since 2011 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2013 
 
Bank West Holding Inc. (USA), Director  
Since 2016 
 
BNP Paribas SA, Member of the Executive Committee 
Since 2011 
 
TEB Holding SA, Director 
Since 2013 
 
Bank BNP Paribas Polska SA (Poland), Director 
Since 2015 
 
BNP Paribas USA Inc., Director 
Since 2016 
 
Ardo Foods NV, Director 
Since 2016 
Sophie Dutordoir 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2010 
 
Nationale Maatschappij der Belgische Spoorwegen SA, Managing Director 
Since 2017 
 
HR Rail SA, Director 
Since 2017 
 
THI Factory SA, Director and Chairwoman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2017 
 
Aveve SA, Director 
Since 2018 
 
Wetenschapspark Leuven Noord, Director  
Since 2020 
Anne Leclercq 
BNP Paribas Fortis, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Warehouses De Pauw, Director 
Since 2015 
 
University Leuven (KUL – UZL – LRD), Director 
Since 2015 
 
Fluxys Belgium, Director 
Since 2018 
Sofia Merlo  
 
 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2016 
Piet Van Aken 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2016 
 
Arval Service Lease SA, Director 
Since 2017 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis Private Equity Belgium NV, Director 
Since 2017 
Titia Van 
Waeyenberghe 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Since 2019 
 
De Eik NV, Director and Chairwoman of the Board of Directors 
Director since 
2017, 
Chairwoman 
since 2018 
 
Paratodos NV, Managing Director 
Since 2009 
 
Indufin Capital Partners Sicar, Director 
Since 2016 
 
Tattersal Leasing SA, Director 
Since 2015 
 
Indufin Investment Fund NV, Director 
Since 2019 
 
Zinner SA 
Since 2022 
Thierry Varène 
BNP Paribas, Member of the Executive Committee 
Since 2000 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Director 
Since 2009 
Stéphane Vermeire 
Procomin SA, Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2016 
 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Since 2018

--- Page 122 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 122 - 
 
 
 
Aciers Crustin SA, Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2014 
 
Vermeire Aandrijvingen NV, Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2016 
 
Vermeire Transmissions SA, Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Since 2012 
 
BNP Paribas Asset Management Holding SA, Director (as permanent 
representative of BNP Paribas Fortis) 
Since 2017 
 
Guisquare SPRL, Director 
Since 2018 
Sandra Wilikens 
BNP Paribas Fortis NV, Director 
Since 2022 
 
Vanbreda Risk and Benefits 
Since 2019 
 
Enactus Belgium 
Since 2019 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
To the best of BNPPF's knowledge, no conflicts of interest exist between any duties to BNPPF of the 
persons set out above and their private interests and/or other duties disclosed hereafter. However, 
functional conflicts of interest may exist due to roles held by these persons in other affiliates of 
BNPPF. 
Reference is also made to article 72 of the Belgian Banking Law that has introduced a strict framework 
regarding contracts, credits, guarantees and loans to be granted to certain identified persons. BNPPF 
does strictly comply with this legislation. 
Audit Committee 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate audit committee 
to assist the Board of Directors with audit related matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competencies of the Audit Committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and the Belgian 
Code on Companies and Associations and are as follows: provision of information, finance 
monitoring, internal control and risk management, internal audit and external audit. The Audit 
Committee shall, upon request of the Board of Directors, assist (and make recommendations to) the 
Board of Directors in all audit and accounting related matters. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Antoinette d'Aspremont 
Lynden 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee; independent, non-
executive director 
 
Dominique Aubernon 
Member of the Audit Committee; 
non-executive director 
 
Anne Leclercq 
Member of the Audit Committee; 
independent, 
non-executive 
director

--- Page 123 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 123 - 
 
 
Risk committee 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate risk committee 
to assist the board of directors with risk (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The Risk Committee shall, upon request of the Board of Directors, assist (and make recommendations 
to) the Board of Directors in all risk (related) matters. In particular, the Risk Committee reports to the 
Board of Directors on all major litigations and regulatory developments of which it has been informed. 
Several special competences of the Risk Committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and are 
listed herewith: (i) strategy and risk appetite, (ii) price setting and (iii) remuneration policy. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Anne Leclercq 
Chairwoman of the Risk Committee; 
independent, non-executive director 
 
Dominique 
Aubernon 
Member of the Risk Committee; non-
executive director 
 
Titia Van 
Waeyenberge 
Member of the Risk Committee;  
independent, non-executive director 
Governance and nomination committee (GNC) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate governance and 
nomination committee to assist the board of directors with nomination (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competences of the Governance and Nomination Committee are set forth in the Banking Law and 
the regulations of the Belgian National Bank and include being capable of rendering a sound and 
independent judgment on the composition and functioning of the Board of Directors and other 
management bodies of BNPPF and specifically on the individual and collective expertise of their 
members, their integrity, reputation, independence of mind and availability. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Sophie Dutordoir 
Chairwoman of the Governance and 
Nomination Committee; independent, 
non-executive director 
 
Herman Daems 
Member of the Governance and 
Nomination Committee;  chairman of 
the Board of Directors

--- Page 124 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 124 - 
 
 
 
Titia Van 
Waeyenberge 
Member of the Governance and 
Nomination Committee; independent, 
non-executive director 
Remuneration committee (RemCo) 
In accordance with the Belgian Banking Law, BNPPF is required to set up a separate remuneration 
committee to assist the board of directors with remuneration (related) matters. 
Role and responsibilities: 
The competences of the remuneration committee are set forth in the Belgian Banking Law and include 
being capable to provide a sound and independent judgement on the remuneration policies and reward 
practices and related incentives taking into account risk control, net equity needs and liquidity position. 
Members: 
Name 
Capacity/Function 
Sophie Dutordoir 
Chairwoman of the Remuneration 
Committee; 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
 
Antoinette 
d'Aspremont Lynden 
Member 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee; 
independent, 
non-
executive director 
 
Sofia Merlo 
Member 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee; non-executive director 
Family relationship between any of the members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies 
There are no family relationships between any of the members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies. 
Management expertise 
For more information on the management expertise of the above members of the supervisory bodies, 
see the corporate website of BNPPF (https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/your-bank/directors). 
Convictions in relation to fraudulent offences for at least the previous five years of any member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies 
To the best of BNPPF's knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has been convicted in relation to fraudulent offences for the last five years. 
Bankruptcies, receiverships, liquidations or companies put into administration in respect of any 
member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies who acted in one or more of those 
capacities for at least the previous five years

--- Page 125 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 125 - 
 
 
To the best of the BNPPF's knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has fallen in the scope of this section for the last five years. 
Official public incrimination and/or sanctions involving any member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated 
professional bodies) and whether they have ever been disqualified by a court from acting as a member 
of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of an issuer or from acting in the 
management or conduct of the affairs of any issuer for at least the previous five years 
To the best of the BNPPF's knowledge, no member of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies has been subject to an official incriminaton nor has been sanctioned by statutory or regulatory 
authorities, nor have been disqualified by a court from acting as a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the 
affairs of any issuer for at least the previous five years. 
Arrangement or understanding with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others, pursuant to 
which any member of the Board of Directors was selected as a member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies or member of senior management 
To the best of BNPPF's knowledge, there are no such known arrangements with major shareholders, 
customers, suppliers or others, pursuant to which any member of the Board of Directors was selected 
as a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies or member of senior 
management. 
Restrictions agreed by any member of the Board of Directors or Executive Board on the disposal 
within a certain period of time of their holdings in BNPPF's securities 
To the best of the BNPPF's knowledge, there are no such restrictions. 
Statement of the Board of Directors on the Corporate Governance Charter 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV issues debt securities that are listed on a regulated market in the meaning 
of article 2, 3° of the law of 2 August 2002 (as amended) regarding the supervision of the financial 
sector and financial services. In addition, but without the involvement of BNPPF itself, its shares are 
traded from time to time on a multilateral trading facility in the meaning of article 2, 4° of the same 
law of 2 August 2002. 
Taking into account the above and in accordance with article 3:8 of the Belgian Code of Companies 
and Associations (the "CCA") and article 1 of the Royal Decree of 12 May 2019 designating the 
corporate governance Code to be applied by listed companies, BNPPF adopted the "Belgian Corporate 
Governance Code 2020" as its code of reference (the "2020 CG Code"). 
The 2020 CG Code is available at http://www.corporategovernancecommittee.be. 
This document (the "Corporate Governance Charter") has been created in accordance with the 2020 
CG Code and the CCA. 
In addition, this Corporate Governance Charter also covers certain requirements set forth by article 
75, §1, second alinea of the law of 25 April 2014 on the statute and supervision on credit institutions 
and stockbroking firms (the "Banking Law").

--- Page 126 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 126 - 
 
 
More specifically, this Corporate Governance Charter contains information on (i) the shareholders' 
structure, (ii) the group to which BNPPF belongs, (iii) the corporate bodies of BNPPF, and (iv) the 
principles regarding the avoidance of conflicts of interest. 
For all other matters as referred to in article 75, §1, second alinea of the Banking Law, reference is 
made to the annual report of BNPPF. 
BNPPF's Corporate Governance Charter is available at www.bnpparibasfortis.com. 
Potential material impacts of corporate governance 
BNPPF does not foresee any potential material changes for corporate governance, including future 
changes in the board and committees composition. 
7. 
Trend information 
Macroeconomic environment 
Macroeconomic and market conditions affect BNPPF's results. The nature of BNPPF's business makes 
it particularly sensitive to macroeconomic and market conditions in Europe. 
After falling more than 3.1% in 2020 (GDP was down 6.8% in the euro zone, 3.4% in the United States 
and 2% in emerging countries), global activity rebounded strongly in 2021. The recovery was 
particularly marked in mature countries, where GDP has grown more than 5.2% in the euro zone and 
5.6% in the United States. Emerging economies have also recovered, particularly in Asia and Europe. 
Despite the strong rebound in activity and the resulting spikes in inflation due to insufficient supply 
levels, monetary policy remains highly accommodative and yields on sovereign bonds are still 
extremely low in many mature economies. In light of recent developments, some central banks have 
begun to raise their key rates or are planning to do so in the coming quarters, while the U.S. Federal 
Reserve has begun to reduce its asset purchases. Over the next few years, most central banks are 
expected to either tighten their policies gradually (for example, the U.S. Federal Reserve and the Bank 
of England) or adjust it more marginally (for example, the European Central Bank and the Bank of 
Japan). The invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022 could lead central banks to review or 
postpone these movements given the reaction of the markets in the short term and the macroeconomic 
consequences that remain uncertain in the long term. At the same time, while long term bond yields 
have recovered significantly since August 2021, they remain very low over a longer term perspective. 
In this context, the following risk categories can be identified: 
Consequences of the current public health crisis 
The lasting effects of the public health crisis are expected to be limited due to the measures taken to 
support the economy. However, some sectors that have been particularly affected by public health 
measures (such as air transport) will take longer to recover than the rest of the economy. In addition, 
the reopening of economies has significantly boosted inflation. This phenomenon should be transitory, 
but it is uncertain how long it will last. Some shortages may be persistent or have spillover effects. 
The risk of an asset bubble has also intensified in certain areas in connection with the support measures 
put in place by governments and central banks (such as increased savings as a result of budgetary 
measures and central bank asset purchasing plans). In addition, public finances have deteriorated 
significantly due to the public health crisis and the exceptional budgetary policy measures

--- Page 127 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 127 - 
 
 
implemented to limit its impact. The marked increase in private debt could cause difficulties in certain 
sectors. 
Risks of financial instability due to the conduct of monetary policies 
Commercial and personal bank revenues are strongly impacted by the flat yield curve, negative central 
bank deposit rates and the difficulty of passing on negative rates to customers. Life insurers and 
pension funds are also deeply impacted, as the low-yield environment increases liabilities and holds 
down long-term investment returns (impacting in particular life insurers with guaranteed returns and 
defined-benefit pension schemes). Monetary policy's room to manoeuvre seems increasingly limited 
and central banks are more likely to be affected by fiscal issues in the coming years (due to the sharp 
increase in public debt). Such developments, which would have been considered temporary and 
exceptional a few years ago now seem to be a new normal. 
Some major financial players (such as insurance companies, pension funds, asset managers) have an 
increasingly systemic dimension and, in the event of market turbulence, could be brought to unwind 
large positions in a context of relatively weak market liquidity. In a number of asset markets, risk 
premiums are low compared with their historical average following a decade of accommodative 
monetary policies (such as lending to non-investment grade companies and countries, certain equity 
and bond market segments). 
Systemic risks related to increased debt 
In many countries, the public health crisis led to a massive increase in the public deficit and debt ratios, 
due to the fall in business activity and the exceptional support measures put in place by governments. 
In mature economies, public debt ratios are at unprecedented levels. At present, the very low level of 
interest rates is limiting the cost of debt service. Massive asset purchases by central banks in Europe 
should continue to moderate this risk in the near future, but the risk of rising interest rates will have to 
be monitored over the medium term in eurozone countries due to fragmented bond markets. In this 
context, new common issuances at a European level ("common bonds") were launched in 2020 and 
have continued in 2021. 
The BNP Paribas Group's exposure in emerging countries is limited. However, the vulnerability of 
some of these economies could lead to a downgrade of these countries' ratings by the agencies, 
followed by an increase in risk premiums and debt service costs, leading to disruptions in the global 
financial system. In many advanced and emerging countries public policy support to avoid a wave of 
bankruptcies contributed to additional debt. In the medium term, this increase in debt could lead to a 
decline in repayment capacity, whilst the simultaneous increase in public debt reduces the ability of 
governments to support their economy if the recovery is affected by new disruptions. On the household 
side, job losses could also affect debt repayment capacity. 
It should be noted that debt-related risk could materialise, not only in the event of a sharp rise in 
interest rates, but also with any negative growth shocks. 
Risks of disruption to international trade from economic sanctions and/or protectionist measures 
In Eastern Europe, the Russian invasion of Ukraine has led to reactions from the international 
community, particularly in terms of economic sanctions against Russia, the scope of which is not yet 
fully known. Moreover, during the health crisis, specific trade measures were put in place to facilitate 
the trading of strategic groups. However, disagreements between the United States and China 
regarding intellectual property protection, technology transfers and industrial policies are not expected

--- Page 128 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 128 - 
 
 
to disappear in the short term. In March 2021, the European Parliament voted to suspend the 
ratification of the Comprehensive Agreement on Investment ("CAI") with China, concluded in 
December 2020. Many governments are aiming for certain strategic areas to be more self-sufficient 
and less dependent on imports. Different outcomes are possible, ranging from moderate 
regionalisation (competing blocs) to more marked regionalisation (separate blocs). 
Tensions related to trade and globalisation are therefore likely to persist in the coming years, which is 
likely to hold back global growth by weighing on the volumes traded, disrupting production chains 
and adversely affecting the confidence of agents and financial markets. 
Laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions 
Recent and future changes in the laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions may have a 
significant impact on BNPPF. Measures that were recently adopted or which are (or whose application 
measures are) ongoing projects, that have or are likely to have an impact on BNPPF notably include: 
 
prudential regulations: with the finalisation of Basel 3 published by the Basel Committee in 
December 2017, supplemented by the fundamental review of the trading book ("FRTB") in 
January 2019 and of credit value adjustment ("CVA") risk in July 2020, which introduces a 
revision of the credit risk, operational risk, market risk and CVA risk measurement in the 
calculation of risk-weighted assets. The new Basel framework also provides for the gradual 
introduction of an overall floor which will be based on standardised approaches. These measures 
are due to come into force once they are transposed into European law. To this end, on 27 October 
2021, the European Commission published a draft transposition of the Basel Accord in the form 
of amendments to the Capital Requirements Regulation and the Capital Requirements Directive; 
 
the Directive of 16 April 2014 related to deposit guarantee systems and its delegated and 
implementing acts, the Directive of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD") and its revision on 20 May 2019 
("BRRD2") establishing a bank recovery and resolution framework and the anticipation of future 
MREL requirements, the Single Resolution Mechanism establishing the Single Resolution 
Council and the Single Resolution Fund; 
 
the Final Rule by the U.S. Federal Reserve imposing tighter prudential rules on the U.S. 
transactions of large foreign banks, notably the obligation to create a separate intermediary holding 
company in the U.S. (capitalised and subject to regulation) to hold their U.S. subsidiaries; 
 
the regulation of over-the-counter derivative activities pursuant to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation ("EMIR") in Europe, notably margin requirements for uncleared derivative products, 
transparency and reporting requirements for derivatives transactions in securities, as well as the 
obligation to set off certain derivatives traded over the counter by clearing houses; 
 
the new Markets in Financial Instruments Directive ("MiFID 2") and the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"); and 
 
the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which came into force on 25 May 2018. This 
regulation aims to move the European data confidentiality environment forward and improve 
personal data protection within the European Union. Businesses run the risk of severe penalties if 
they do not comply with the standards set by the GDPR. This regulation applies to all banks and 
companies providing services to European citizens; 
Moreover, in this strengthened regulatory context, the risk of non-compliance with existing laws and 
regulations, in particular those relating to the protection of the interests of customers and personal

--- Page 129 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 129 - 
 
 
data, is a significant risk for the banking industry, potentially resulting in significant losses and fines. 
In addition to its compliance system, which specifically covers this type of risk, the BNP Paribas 
Group places the interest of its customers, and more broadly that of its stakeholders, at the heart of its 
values. Thus, the code of conduct adopted by the BNP Paribas Group in 2016 sets out detailed values 
and rules of conduct in this area. 
Environmental risks 
Environmental risks and, more particularly, those associated with climate change are a financial risk 
for the BNP Paribas Group. 
The BNP Paribas Group is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own 
operations or for certain of its assets or indirectly through its financing and investment activities. The 
main risks related to climate change are as follows: 
 
transition risks resulting from a change in the behaviour of economic and financial agents in 
response to the implementation of energy policies or technological changes; and 
 
physical risks resulting from the direct impact of climate change on people and property via 
extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising sea levels or rising temperatures. 
Consequences in terms of liability may arise from these two risks. They correspond to potential 
disputes, climates for compensation, legal proceedings brought against a company, a state or a 
financial institution that could be held liable by any stakeholder or citizen who has suffered from 
climate change. In line with international work and in particular that of the Network of Supervisors 
and Central Banks for the Greening of the Financial System ("NGFS"), BNPPF considers the risks 
associated with the emergence of legal proceedings related to climate change for companies and 
investors, including liability risks, as a subset of physical and transition risks. 
BNPPF monitors the potential impact of these risk factors in the conduct of its business, in that of its 
counterparties or in its investments on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties. The BNP Paribas 
Group thus integrates these risks into its risk management process and gradually strengthens their 
assessment, as the methodologies for measuring and analysing these factors and their impact on 
traditional risks, in particular, those relating to credit quality, are developed. 
Cyber security and technology risk 
BNPPF's ability to do business is intrinsically tied to the fluidity of electronic transactions as well as 
the protection and security of information and technology assets. 
The technological change is accelerating with the digital transformation and the resulting increase in 
the number of communications circuits, proliferation in data sources, growing process automation, 
and greater use of electronic banking transactions. 
The progress and acceleration of the technological changes needed to respond to customer 
requirements are giving cybercriminals new options for altering, stealing and disclosing data. Attacks 
are more frequent, with a bigger reach and sophistication across all sectors, including financial 
services. 
The outsourcing of a growing number of processes also exposes the BNP Paribas Group to structural 
cybersecurity and technology risks leading to the appearance of potential attack vectors that 
cybercriminals can exploit.

--- Page 130 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 130 - 
 
 
Accordingly, the BNP Paribas Group has reinforced the second line of defence within the risk function 
dedicated to managing technological and cyber security risks. Thus, operational standards are 
regularly adapted to support BNPPF's digital evolution and innovation while managing existing and 
emerging threats (such as cyber-crime, espionage). 
The health crisis, which prevailed in 2020, increased the BNP Paribas Group's dependence on digital 
technologies in order to have the capacity to work remotely and to continue operating safely despite 
the high risk of cyber-crime. The BNP Paribas Group invested in IT upgrades to quintuple the 
bandwidth of the network and ensure the stability of the remote access infrastructure. At the same 
time, cyber security operations teams have strengthened their surveillance capabilities to improve 
detection and respond to threats more quickly. 
Emerging Risks 
An emerging risk is defined as a new or evolving risk which potential impact could be material in the 
future but is currently not fully known or is difficult to quantify. 
The BNP Paribas Group identified emerging risks related to technological innovations, the evolving 
regulatory environment, as well as certain health, demographic and societal risks. 
Technological innovations 
Technological developments related to the growing use of data in all production, marketing and 
distribution processes, and to data sharing among economic players (including, producers, suppliers, 
and customers) will impact the economic models of BNP Paribas Group's clients and counterparties 
in a lasting way. These impacts, which are sometimes hard to assess in a context where new standards, 
economic balances and regulatory entities are in the process of evolving and adapting, are being 
analysed internally by industry experts focused on the economic sectors most exposed to this 
evolution. 
In addition, the use of algorithms and artificial intelligence techniques, which are becoming 
increasingly sophisticated, considerably modifies decision-making and exposes people to risks of a 
new nature with standardised behaviour that can quickly affect certain markets. The emergence of 
decentralised finance and digital assets based on distributed ledger technologies (e.g. blockchain) are 
changes that may ultimately have a structural impact on the banking sector. 
Furthermore, the BNP Paribas Group's competitive environment is undergoing profound change, with 
the presence of fintech, the emergence of new players of importance in the activities of the financial 
sector (such as Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft) and technological innovations 
which disrupt the traditional value chains of BNP Paribas Group's businesses, and place the quality of 
the customer experience, and the use of new technologies to reduce the cost of low added-value 
operations, as their key competitive success factors. Maintenance of BNP Paribas Group's information 
systems must be done in this context of evolving value chains and increasing protection needs (of 
systems and data, for example) in particular against cyber threats. The BNP Paribas Group is deploying 
a proactive strategy in this area to adapt its activities to these major technological developments and 
promote some industrial cooperation with fintech players. 
Evolving regulatory environments 
In addition to the regulatory measures recently adopted or pending adoption, and already cited as top 
risks, the trend towards growing complexity and regional differences in the regulatory environment 
for banks and related supervision is creating relative uncertainty over future developments, compliance

--- Page 131 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 131 - 
 
 
costs, and proper performance risk concerning the various measures. BNP Paribas Group has 
established an active monitoring system for its regulatory environment, enabling it to minimise these 
risks. 
Possible future divergence by type of regulated entity, for example, depending on their degree of 
innovation, may also introduce risk of a competitive nature. 
Health risks 
A new viral or bacteriological infection that is potentially resistant to antibiotics, antiviral drugs or 
other treatments is an increasing possibility and could become more significant. 
Despite the experience gained with the health crisis, such an infection could lead to new failures in 
infrastructure and production chains, with significant consequences for all stakeholders. 
Demographic risk 
The ageing population is a major underlying trend in many countries. In the years and decades to 
come, this change could significantly impact economic growth (which is already visible), as well as 
healthcare and retirement budgets, or saving and consumption behaviours. 
Societal issues 
In addition to responses designed to meet its customers' changing needs, BNP Paribas Group is  more 
generally, adapting its responses to the expectations of the society in which it operates in terms of how 
it conducts its business, respects human rights and environmental protection. Thus, banks must deal 
with the growing sensitivity of their customers and partners to environmental, social and governance 
issues. 
The BNP Paribas Group's "Code of Conduct" defines standards of conduct in line with its values and 
missions. 
Areas of Special Interest in 2021 
Turkey 
Even more so in 2021 than in 2020, macroeconomic uncertainties and the geopolitical context 
penalised local foreign exchange markets. During the second half of the year, unexpected measures 
were taken in Turkey to ease monetary conditions while inflationary pressures continued. This, in a 
regional geopolitical context, continues to make the use of foreign currency borrowing costly. 
BNPPF's presence in Turkey is primarily through its TEB subsidiary (ranking No. 10 in Retail Banking 
in Turkey with a market share of approximately 3%). At 31 December 2021, the BNP Paribas Group 
generated 2.1% of its pre-tax operating income in this country. The TEB entity had a solvency ratio 
(Capital Adequacy Ratio ("CAR")) of 18.05% at 31 December 2021, in excess of the regulatory 
requirements. 
In 2021, the TEB Group's balance sheet liquidity remained solid, with a Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
("LCR") of 196% at 31 December 2021. With loans outstanding of TRY 106.6 billion and deposits of 
TRY 131.6 billion, the TEB Group's financing structure is largely self-financed. 
With respect to exposure to counterparties whose main business is in Turkey, commercial 
commitments as at 31 December 2021 represented 1.0% of BNP Paribas Group's total gross

--- Page 132 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 132 - 
 
 
commitments, on- and off-balance sheet. Exposure to Turkish sovereign risk is contained at 1.8% of 
the banking book's sovereign exposure and is essentially borne by the TEB Group. 
Others 
Geopolitical tensions are palpable in Asia on the Korean peninsula and in the China Sea and remain 
high in certain other areas, such as in the Middle East, with the potential involvement of Western 
powers to varying degrees. In the Mediterranean, tensions that arose as a result of disputed maritime 
areas have decreased but have not disappeared. Latin America has also been experiencing political 
tensions. 
Although the possible consequences of such risks are hard to assess, the regional economies in 
question, and the global economy, could be affected through different channels (such as confidence, 
trade ties and commodity prices). 
8. 
Remuneration and benefits 
For a detailed overview of the remuneration and benefits of the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies, see pages 155 to 158 of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
9. 
Employees 
BNP Paribas Fortis is part of BNP Paribas, a leading bank in Europe with an international reach. BNP 
Paribas operates in 65 countries and has almost 190,000 employees, including nearly 145,000 in 
Europe. About 11,000 employees work for BNPPF. 
See Notes 1.j (Employee Benefits) on pages 77 and 78 of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
10. 
Major shareholders 
Notifiable interests 
BNPPF is 99.94 per cent. owned by BNPP and for 0.06 per cent. by minority shareholders. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BNPPF has not received any notifications pursuant to article 
7:225, last paragraph of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and article 14, paragraph 4 
of the law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholders or pursuant to article 5 of the Royal 
Decree of 24 August 2008 on the rules for certain multilateral trading facilities. 
Existence of different voting rights 
The major shareholders do not have different voting rights. 
Control of BNPPF 
As also provided above under "Declaration regarding corporate governance" and "Notifiable 
interests", BNPPF is controlled by BNNP which holds 99.94% of the shares of BNPPF and the 
remaining 0.06% of the shares is held by minority shareholders. In order to ensure such control is not 
abused, BNPPF communicates on an ongoing basis with its various stakeholders through its website 
and other media and actively answers to the questions raised by its minority shareholders in the 
framework of the general shareholders' meetings. Further, the Board of Directors of BNPPF is also

--- Page 133 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 133 - 
 
 
determined to protect the interests of all its shareholders at all times and to provide them with the 
necessary information and facilities to exercise their rights, in compliance with the Code of Companies 
and Associations. 
See in this respect Section 1 (Compliance with the Code) of Chapter "Corporate Governance 
Statement" on page 34 of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any arrangements, known to BNPPF, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in 
a change of control of BNPPF 
N/A 
11. 
Related party transactions 
Please see the Board of Directors' procedure described on page 208 of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report. 
For an overview of the transactions between BNPPF and its related parties, see Section 7.g (Other 
related parties) of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. BNPPF further confirms that there are no transactions with related parties with are not at 
arm's length. 
12. 
Selected key historical financial information in relation to BNPPF 
 
Comparative Annual Financial Data – In millions of EUR 
 
31/12/2021 
(audited) 
31/12/2020 
(audited) 
Revenues 
8,412 
7,893 
Cost of risk 
(359) 
(676) 
Net income 
3,061 
2,294 
Net 
income 
attributable 
to 
shareholders 
2,593 
1,870 
Total consolidated balance sheet 
341,648 
335,135 
Shareholders' equity (without minority 
interests) 
25,892 
24,513 
Consolidated loans and receivables 
due from customers 
194,102 
188,742 
Consolidated items due to customers 
199,037 
193,770 
Tier 1 Capital 
22,660 
22,461 
Tier 1 Ratio 
18.7% 
16.6%

--- Page 134 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 134 - 
 
 
Total Capital 
23,734 
25,060 
Total Capital Ratio 
19.6% 
18.5% 
Change of accounting reference date 
The accounting reference date has not been changed during the last three financial years. 
Accounting standards 
The consolidated financial statements of BNPPF for the years 2021 and 2020 have been prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 ("IFRS"). 
Change of accounting framework 
N/A 
National accounting standards 
As confirmed above, the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF have not been prepared 
according to national accounting standards, but according to IFRS. 
Consolidated financial statements 
BNPPF prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial statements. Only the consolidated 
financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet of the 2021 audited consolidated financial statements is dated as at 31 December 
2021. 
Interim and other financial information 
BNPPF has not published any interim financial information since the date of its last audited financial 
statements 2021. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The consolidated financial statements of BNPPF incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
have been independently audited and the audit reports thereon have been prepared in accordance with 
the Directive 2014/56/EU of the European Parliament and Council Directive 2014/56/EU of the 
European Parliament and Council of 16 April 2014 amending Directive 2006/43/EC on statutory 
audits of annual accounts and consolidated accounts (OJ L 158, 27.5.2014, p. 196) and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding 
statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC (OJ L 158, 
27.5.2014, p. 77). 
No information (other than the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF incorporated by reference 
herein) in this Base Prospectus has been audited by the statutory auditor.

--- Page 135 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 135 - 
 
 
Extraction of financial information 
N/A 
Pro forma financial information 
There has not been a siginificant gross change since the end of the last accounting year. As a result, 
no pro forma financial information needs to be disclosed. 
13. 
Accredited statutory auditors of BNPPF 
As at 31 December 2021, PwC Bedrijfsrevisoren BV / Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL, represented by 
Jeroen Bockaert, are the sole statutory auditors of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. Jeroen Bockaert is a 
member of the Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren (IBR)/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises (IRE). 
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2021 of BNPPF have been audited by PwC 
Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL, represented by Jeroen Bockaert, Partner, Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem, 
in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements was issued on 28 March 2022. 
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2020 of BNPPF have been audited by PwC 
Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL, represented by Damien Walgrave, Partner, and Jeroen Bockaert, Partner, 
in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements was issued on 29 March 2021. 
14. 
Significant change in BNPPF's financial performance or position 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of BNPPF and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2021. 
15. 
Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BNPPF since 31 December 2021. 
16. 
Share capital 
Please see the statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 
2021 on page 52 of the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
17. 
Material contracts 
Neither BNPPF, nor any of its subsidiaries, have entered into any material contracts that create an 
obligation or commitment for BNPPF and/or its subsidiaries, other than contracts entered in the 
ordinary course of business, during the two years immediately preceding publication of this Base 
Prospectus. 
18. 
Profit forecasts or estimates 
This Base Prospectus does not include any profit forecasts or estimates with regard to BNPPF.

--- Page 136 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
 
 
- 136 - 
 
 
19. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section "Risk Factors relating to BNPPF" and under "Description of BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV" in this Base Prospectus and under Note 7.a (Contingent liabilities: legal 
proceedings and arbitration) on page 148 in the BNPPF 2021 Annual Report (which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus), there have been no governmental, legal and arbitration 
proceedings during a period covering 12 months prior to this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on BNPPF's and/or the BNP Paribas Group's financial 
position or profitability.

--- Page 137 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
 
 
- 137 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS 
FUNDING 
This section describes the business activities of BNP Paribas Fortis Funding and also provides summary 
financial information and other information relating to it.

--- Page 138 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
 
 
- 138 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
1. 
General 
BP2F is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated for an unlimited duration 
under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg with its registered and principal office at 19, rue 
Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (telephone number +352 27 44 
18 03) and registered (on 24 September 1986) with the Register of Commerce and Companies of 
Luxembourg under B. 24 784. 
BP2F was incorporated on 24 September 1986 in Luxembourg as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) with the name Genfinance Luxembourg S.A., which was then changed on 12 
November 2001 to Fortis Luxembourg Finance S.A. and on 22 February 2010 to BNP Paribas Fortis 
Funding that is still, at the date of this Base Prospectus, its legal name and commercial name. 
The Articles of Association of BP2F have been amended several times, most recently by notarial deed 
in Luxembourg on 23 March 2010. 
The Articles of Association were published in the "Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations" 
on 29 November 1986 (C Nr332) and amendments thereto were also published in the "Mémorial C, 
Recueil des Sociétés et Associations". 
There have been no recent events particular to BP2F that are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of BP2F's solvency. 
BP2F has not made any investments since the date of the last published financial statements except 
debt securities issued by BNP Paribas Fortis. 
The website of BP2F is: www.bp2f.lu. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference herein. 
The principal activities and expected financing of BP2F are described in the following section. 
2. 
Business overview 
Principal activities 
BP2F's main object is to act as a financing vehicle for BNPPF and the companies controlled by 
BNPPF. In order to implement its main object, BP2F may issue bonds or similar securities, perform 
any refinancing operation, with or without a guarantee and in general have recourse to any sources of 
finance. BP2F can carry out any operation it perceives as being necessary to the accomplishment and 
development of its business, whilst staying within the limits of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies (as amended). 
Please refer to paragraph 9 below for more information about BP2F's object as stated in Article 4 of 
its Articles of Association. 
Principal markets 
Part of the (long-term) debt of BP2F is admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on Euronext Amsterdam and/or on

--- Page 139 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
 
 
- 139 - 
 
 
Euronext Brussels. The debt securities are sold to investors all over the world but mainly in Europe 
and within the scope of any applicable selling restrictions. 
3. 
Organisational structure 
BP2F is 99.99 per cent. owned by BNPPF, an entity that is part of the BNP Paribas Group. 
4. 
Trend information 
BP2F is dependent upon and is specifically involved in the issue of securities such as notes or other 
obligations which are developed, set up and sold to investors via intermediaries including BNPPF. 
BP2F enters into hedging transactions with BNPPF and with other entities of the BNP Paribas Group. 
As a consequence the information disclosed under the section headed "Trend Information" in the 
"Description of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV" above is also relevant in relation to BP2F and should be 
referred to for known trends likely to have a material effect on BP2F's prospects for the current 
financial year. 
5. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
(a) 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of BP2F comprises the following 
persons: 
Name 
Principal activities* performed by them outside 
BP2F which are significant with respect to BP2F 
Dirk Dewitte 
Director and CFO of BP2F. COO/CFO of microStart  
Pierre Vanhove 
Director of BP2F. Front Office Team of ALM of 
BNP Paribas Fortis 
Daniel Keris 
Director of BP2F. Head of Risk Wealth Management 
CIB, ALM & Treasury of BGL BNP Paribas 
Didier Giblet 
Director and chairman of the board of directors of 
BP2F. Director Risk ALM-T of BNP Paribas Fortis  
Yvon Pierre Antoni 
Director of BP2F. Head of ALM Funding of BGL 
BNP Paribas 
Luigi Maula 
Director of BP2F. Head of Accounting Capital 
Markets of Intertrust Luxembourg S.à.r.l. 
Salvatore Rosato 
Director of BP2F. Director Operations Capital 
Markets of Intertrust Luxembourg S.à.r.l. 
*Except for their principal functions in BNPPF, their other functions in BNPPF have not been 
included. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address of the Directors is 19, rue Eugène 
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 140 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
 
 
- 140 - 
 
 
No member of the Board of Directors works on a full-time basis for BP2F. 
From 1 January 2013, Mr. Pierre Vanhove works twenty per cent. of the time for BP2F. 
(b) 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
No conflicts of interests exist between any duties to the issuing entity of the persons referred to above 
at paragraph 5(a) and their private interests and/or other duties disclosed in paragraph 5(a). 
However, functional conflicts of interests may exist for the persons referred to above at paragraph 5(a) 
due to the roles held by these persons in other affiliates of BP2F (as described above at paragraph 
5(a)). 
6. 
Board practices 
BP2F does not have an audit committee. An audit committee exists at BNPPF level. 
Other than the provisions of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended, which BP2F is required to comply with, under Luxembourg company law, there is currently 
no other legal corporate governance regime under Luxembourg law that a company must comply with. 
7. 
Major shareholders 
BNPPF holds 99.99 per cent. of BP2F shares. 
8. 
Financial information concerning BP2F assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and 
losses 
Financial statements 
BP2F has no subsidiaries and therefore its financial statements are produced on an unconsolidated 
basis. 
The annual accounts of BP2F are included in the consolidated financial statements of BNPPF. The 
consolidated financial statements of BNPPF are available at its registered office: rue Montagne du 
Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The annual accounts of BP2F for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 have 
been audited without qualification by Deloitte Audit as approved independent auditor (réviseur 
d'entreprises agréé) whose registered office is 20 Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Deloitte Audit is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The cash flow statements of BP2F for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 have 
been audited by Deloitte Audit as approved independent auditor (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) whose 
registered office is 20 Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. Deloitte Audit is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
No other information in this "Description of BNP Paribas Fortis Funding" has been audited by the 
auditor.

--- Page 141 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
 
 
- 141 - 
 
 
Age of latest financial information 
The latest audited financial information of BP2F incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is 
the financial information for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Interim and other financial information 
At or about the end of September 2022, BP2F will publish unaudited interim financial information for 
the six-month period ending 30 June 2022. 
9. 
Additional information 
(a) 
Share capital 
BP2F's issued and authorised share capital at 31 December 2021 is EUR 500,000 represented by 
20,000 registered shares with a nominal value of EUR 25 each. BP2F has no other classes of shares. 
The share capital is fully paid up in cash. BP2F has no notes cum warrants, nor any convertible notes 
outstanding. 
(b) 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
Article 4 of the Articles of Association states: 
The purpose of BP2F is the direct and indirect funding by whatever means of its subsidiaries, of BNP 
Paribas Fortis and of companies controlled by BNP Paribas Fortis and the granting to said companies 
of any assistance, loan, advance or guarantee and/or any service of financial aid and any related 
administrative help. 
In order to implement its purpose, BP2F may especially: 
(a) 
perform any refinancing operation and especially solicit any kind of borrowing, obtain any 
kind of credit, participate in securitisation transactions and collect funds mainly by the issue 
in whatever form of bonds or similar securities, debts, claims, certificates, warrants and any 
other kind of financial instruments; said list of transactions being not exhaustive; 
(b) 
grant guarantees, pledge, or deliver any other kind of security, whether by personal 
commitment or by mortgage or encumbrance on all part of the company's assets; 
(c) 
conclude any kind of provisional transfer of securities and especially swaps (transactions on 
credit derivatives included), of options and futures, said list of transactions being not 
exhaustive; 
(d) 
conclude any kind of provisional transfer of securities and especially of loans of securities and 
of borrowings against assets, said list of transactions being not exhaustive. 
BP2F may carry out any operation which it deems necessary to the implementation and development 
of its purpose, remaining however within the limits fixed by the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended.

--- Page 142 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
 
 
- 142 - 
 
 
10. 
Selected financial information 
Selected annual financial information 
Extracted without material adjustment from the audited annual accounts of BP2F for the year ended 
31 December 2021, which have been prepared in conformity with Luxembourg legal and regulatory 
requirements relating to the preparation of the annual accounts. 
 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Selected items of the Balance Sheet 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Financial fixed assets 
2,242,576,581.02 
2,609,958,565.81 
Current assets (Amounts owed by affiliated 
undertakings becoming due and payable 
within one year) 
 
 
- 
 
 
- 
Total assets 
2,280,423,531.90 
2,661,165,394.61 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Capital and reserves 
4,472,639.64 
4,564,063.03 
Non-convertible loans 
- becoming due and payable within one year 
 
545,784,197.01 
 
459,603,006.63 
- becoming due and payable after more than 
one year 
 
1,697,689,899.70 
 
2,138,600,799.43 
 
 
 
Charges & Income: selected items 
 
 
Income from other investments and loans 
forming part of the fixed assets  
 
14,928,151.81 
 
23,985,047.27 
Other interest receivable and similar income 
56,036,793.68 
49,325,360.58 
Interest payable and similar expenses 
-39,879,410.07 
-49,741,675.48 
Profit for the financial year 
538,576.62 
613,109.90 
 
The above information for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 is extracted 
without material adjustment from, and should be read in conjunction with, the audited annual accounts 
(including the notes thereto) of BP2F for the year ended 31 December 2021. The audited and approved 
annual accounts of BP2F for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 are available 
free of charge at the registered and principal office of BP2F and are also available on the web site of 
BP2F (http://www.bp2f.lu). 
11. 
Statement regarding competitive position 
The basis for any statements in this Base Prospectus made by BP2F regarding its competitive position 
originate from the BP2F's evaluation of market trends and should generally reflect market views. 
See also paragraph 6 of the "General Information" section below. 
12. 
Significant change in BP2F's financing or trading position 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of BP2F since 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 143 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
 
 
- 143 - 
 
 
13. 
Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of BP2F since 
31 December 2021. 
14. 
Profit forecasts or estimates 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimates with regard to BP2F. 
15. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which BP2F is aware), during a period covering 12 months prior 
to this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on BP2F's 
financial position or profitability.

--- Page 144 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE NOTES 
 
 
- 144 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE 
PROGRAMME AND THE NOTES

--- Page 145 ---
EXPLANATION OF FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
 
 
- 145 - 
 
 
EXPLANATION OF FINAL TERMS AND 
DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
This section describes information relating to an issue of Non-exempt Notes which may be set out in Final 
Terms, as well as the circumstances in which a Drawdown Prospectus is required.

--- Page 146 ---
EXPLANATION OF FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
 
 
- 146 - 
 
 
EXPLANATION OF FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
The following section relates to Non-exempt Notes and to Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any other stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
(ii) the rights attaching to the relevant Notes and (iii) the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact 
on the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable). 
In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor (where applicable) have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will therefore be contained either 
in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant 
Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary 
information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, will be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete the Conditions and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. For a 
Tranche of Notes (i) which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, that Drawdown Prospectus will complete, 
supplement, amend and/or replace the Conditions. The Terms and Conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, are the Conditions as completed to the extent described 
in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, are the Conditions as 
completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference 
in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
An Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Conditions described in this Base Prospectus, in which event a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or a Drawdown Prospectus will be submitted for approval to the relevant competent authority and 
will be made available. 
In relation to Non-exempt Notes, in accordance with Article 6 of the Prospectus Regulation any Drawdown 
Prospectus may be drawn up as a single document, incorporating by reference, if applicable, relevant parts of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have undertaken in connection with the admission to listing on the official list 
and to trading of the Notes on the Luxembourg Regulated Market, and/or the admission to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, or/and in 
connection with an offer to the public of Notes, that if at any time there shall occur any significant new factor 
which is not reflected in this Base Prospectus or any supplements thereto and/or there shall be any material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus or any supplements 
thereto, in each case, which may affect the assessment of the Notes, the Issuers and the Guarantor will prepare 
or procure the preparation of and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes to be offered to the public or/and

--- Page 147 ---
EXPLANATION OF FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
 
 
- 147 - 
 
 
admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market and/or admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.

--- Page 148 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 148 - 
 
 
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE 
OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
This section provides information on the entities having consent to use the Base Prospectus in connection with 
Non-exempt Offers and the conditions relating to such consent. It also provides information on arrangements 
between investors and Authorised Offerors (including the issue price relating to Non-Exempt Offers) and 
information relating to the use of the Base Prospectus and offers of Notes generally.

--- Page 149 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 149 - 
 
 
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
(other than such Notes which are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specifc segment of 
a regulated market, to which only qualified investors have access) may be offered in circumstances where 
there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such 
offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, you are offered Notes by any entity, you should check that such entity 
has been given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its offer before agreeing to 
purchase any Notes. The following entities have consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-
exempt Offer: 
 
any entity named as a Dealer or Manager in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus; 
 
any financial intermediary named on (A) the website www.bnpparibasfortis.be, in the case of each 
Tranche of Notes, and (B) the website www.bp2f.lu, only where BP2F is the relevant Issuer, as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the Non-exempt Offer (if that financial intermediary has been 
appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms); and 
 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", any financial 
intermediary authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU) who has published the Acceptance Statement (set out below) on its website. 
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and only in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Other than as set out above, neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (where 
applicable) has authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any person and neither the relevant Issuer 
nor the Guarantor (where applicable) has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. 
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to Non-exempt Offers. 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each State in 
relation to which the Issuer has given its consent (from amongst Member States), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (each specified State a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this 
Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under 
"Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person 
complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuers, the Guarantor and any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 150 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 150 - 
 
 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accept responsibility, in 
each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person 
(an "Investor") who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are 
complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions 
to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities 
law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any Dealer 
has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and neither Issuer has consented to the 
use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any 
Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is unauthorised and none of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts 
any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for 
the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt 
about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal 
advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together the 
"Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent": 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on (A) the website www.bnpparibasfortis.be, in the case of each 
Tranche of Notes, and (B) the website www.bp2f.lu, only where BP2F is the relevant Issuer, 
and, in either case, identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer.

--- Page 151 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 151 - 
 
 
General Consent 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the 
relevant Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented 
as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes by any other 
financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU); 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing 
on its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly 
completed) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") 
published by [BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV][BNP Paribas Fortis Funding] (the "Issuer"). In 
consideration of the Issue offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in 
[Belgium][France][Luxembourg]during the Offer Period and subject to the other conditions 
to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept the offer by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus) 
and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly."; and 
(iii) 
it notifies the Issuer in writing on the day it publishes the Acceptance Statement of its decision 
to 
use 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(such 
notice 
shall 
be 
sent 
to 
docsecurities.mbc@bnpparibasfortis.com in the case of BNPPF and to info@bp2f.lu in the 
case of BP2F). 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary agrees 
in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection 
with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules") 
from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both 
the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential Investor; 
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a Dealer and 
consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution 
channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate 
received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale 
of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully 
and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors;

--- Page 152 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 152 - 
 
 
IV. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
V. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
"know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in 
compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential 
Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will not permit 
any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicion as to the source of the application monies; 
VI. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, 
make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and/or the 
relevant Dealer in order to enable such Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and/or 
the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-
corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable) and the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
VII. 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an indirect 
or direct client of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant 
Dealer for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent 
that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations 
so arising; 
VIII. 
co-operate with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant 
Dealer in providing relevant information (including, without limitation, documents 
and records maintained pursuant to paragraph VI above) and such further assistance 
as is reasonably requested upon written request from such Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable 
and, in any event, within any time frame set by any regulator or regulatory process. 
For this purpose, "relevant information" is information that is available to or can be 
acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to 
the Notes, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant 
Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and/or the relevant Dealer 
or another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as 
defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant 
Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in relation to the Notes 
and/or as to allow such Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant 
Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
IX. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (A) only sell the Notes at the 
Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the

--- Page 153 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 153 - 
 
 
relevant Dealer); (B) only sell the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; (C) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise 
agreed with the relevant Dealer); (D) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions 
or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Notes (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (E) comply with such other rules of 
conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; 
X. 
either (A) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Notes, 
or (B) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) makes for 
its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) 
receives from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the 
Notes on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as is 
required by any applicable Rules; 
XI. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable) or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject such Issuer, 
the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain 
or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
XII. 
immediately inform the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the 
relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in 
violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and 
comply with such Rules in all respects; 
XIII. 
ensure that Investors understand the risks associated with an investment in the Notes; 
XIV. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms 
relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
XV. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and 
any applicable information booklet provided by the relevant Issuer for such purpose, 
and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely 
consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; and 
XVI. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear 
and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that such financial 
intermediary has provided such communication independently of the relevant Issuer, 
that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that 
none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer 
accepts any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior 
written consent of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant 
Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo 
registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any 
such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the relevant Issuer as issuer 
of the relevant Notes and the Guarantor (where applicable) as the guarantor of the 
relevant Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 154 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 154 - 
 
 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the 
relevant Dealer that if it or any of its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates 
and controlling persons (each a "Relevant Party") incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, 
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any 
defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such 
investigation or defence) (a "Loss") arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any 
breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the 
relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the 
relevant financial intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or 
requirements or the making by it of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it 
of any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall 
pay to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant Dealer, as the case 
may be, an amount equal to the Loss. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) nor any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee 
for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to account to any other 
person for any amounts paid to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the relevant Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed 
upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the relevant Issuer's offer 
to use the Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
II. 
subject to (C)IV below, the English courts have jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
III. 
for the purposes of (C)II and (C)IV, the relevant financial intermediary waives any 
objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; 
IV. 
to the extent allowed by law, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, where applicable, and 
each relevant Dealer may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings 
in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions; and 
V. 
the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror 
Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, 
representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial 
intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
Any financial intermediary who is an Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets the 
conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and 
who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the 
duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement.

--- Page 155 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 155 - 
 
 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the relevant Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in Belgium, France and/or Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The only Relevant States (as defined herein) which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any Relevant States are so specified) as indicated in (b) above, will be Belgium, 
France and/or Luxembourg, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part 
of a Non-exempt Offer in Belgium, France and/or Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES 
OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. NO ISSUER WILL BE 
A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH 
INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE 
GUARANTOR AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Non-Exempt Offers: Offer Price 
The offer price at which the Authorised Offeror will offer the Notes to the Investor will be the Issue Price or 
(where agreed with the relevant Dealer) such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the 
Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations including any local obligation to offer Notes at the same price to the same category of Investors. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised 
Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which 
such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such Investor. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The

--- Page 156 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 156 - 
 
 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated 
to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the EEA (including Belgium, France and Luxembourg), 
Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States, see "Plan of Distribution". 
PRIIPs REGULATION/ IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs REGULATION/ IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers", the Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within 
the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and the Notes may not be offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and no prospectus,

--- Page 157 ---
RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
- 157 - 
 
 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes may be 
distributed, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.

--- Page 158 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 158 - 
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions on who is permitted to purchase the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions.

--- Page 159 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 159 - 
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
General 
Except for those countries or jurisdictions where a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution 
of any offering material in relation thereto, is permitted on the basis of (a) the approval by the CSSF of this 
Base Prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in 
Luxembourg and (b) the certificates of approval as provided by the CSSF to the competent authorities in such 
countries or jurisdictions, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any 
offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and the Dealers to comply, in all cases at their own expense, with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their 
possession or distribute such offering material. 
Each of the Dealers has agreed to comply, in all cases at its own expense, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, with all relevant securities laws, regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in which it 
subscribes for, purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material. 
In the case of Exempt Notes only, selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified by the agreement of 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) and the Dealers following a change 
in, or in the interpretation or application of, a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such supplement or 
modification will be set out in the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates 
or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Terms and conditions of the Offer 
In the event of an offer of any Notes which is an offer to the public within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation but which is not made in circumstances contemplated in Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (an "Offer"), the general conditions in relation to such Offer are as set out below, as further 
specified for each Series of Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
Offer size 
The anticipated size of the offer of the Notes to the public will be set out in the applicable Final Terms as a 
fixed amount, as a minimum amount subject to increase, or as a range. The actual principal amount of Notes 
offered can be decreased or increased by the relevant Issuer at any time before the Issue Date. It will be 
determined by the relevant Issuer, after consultation with the arranger(s) of such offer, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions (including those in the debt and equity markets) and other relevant criteria and 
factors, including (but not limited to) demand for the Notes during the subscription period, broader economic 
and financial conditions and prospects and conditions affecting the relevant Issuer's ability to source or price 
hedging transactions with respect to its obligations under the Notes on terms satisfactory to it. 
Once the results of the Offer are determined, the actual principal amount of Notes that will be offered, allotted 
to the subscribers and issued will be filed with the appropriate competent authority(ies) and communicated in 
the same manner in which the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have been published.

--- Page 160 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 160 - 
 
 
The Noteholders will be directly notified by, or on behalf of the placers as mentioned in item 10(l) of Part B 
of the Final Terms (the "Placing Agents"), of the number of Notes which has been allotted to them as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. 
Subscription, payment, delivery and allotment 
The subscription period of the Offer (the "Offer Period") will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
However, the Offer Period may be (a) subject to an early termination due to reasons including (but not limited 
to) oversubscription or a decrease in the offer size in the circumstances set out under the heading "Offer size" 
above, or (b) subject to an extension as referred to in the timetable set out under the heading "Indicative 
Timetable" below. 
"Subscription" (and "subscribe" and "subscriber") refers not only to the initial acquisition of the Notes from 
the relevant Issuer by the first purchaser, but to any purchase during the Offer Period. 
The subscription price of the Notes payable by subscribers to the Placing Agents will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The minimum number of Notes which may be subscribed per subscriber is one Note of the lowest Specified 
Denomination and thereafter in multiples of one (1) such lowest Specified Denomination, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. There is no maximum number of Notes which may be subscribed per 
subscriber unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Final Terms do not include the subscription price and/or other pricing data relating to the Notes such as 
the rate of Interest, a pricing statement disclosing this information will be published before the Issue Date, and 
any such pricing statement will specify rights of withdrawal (if any) which arise under Article 17 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the pricing statement will be 
published in the same manner as the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms and in accordance with 
Article 17 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Payment for the Notes must be received by the relevant Placing Agent from subscribers on or before the Issue 
Date by debit of a cash account. 
The delivery of the Notes will take place as described in the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. 
On or about the Issue Date, the relevant securities account of each Noteholder will be credited with the relevant 
amount of Notes purchased. 
By subscribing for, or subsequently otherwise acquiring, Notes, Noteholders are bound by the Terms and 
Conditions and are deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the terms pursuant to which the Notes are 
being offered as set out in the Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in case of an early termination of the subscription 
period due to oversubscription or a decrease in the Offer size in the circumstances set out under the heading 
"Offer size" above, allotment of the Notes will be made, to the extent possible, on the basis of objective 
allotment criteria. Any payment received in connection with the subscription of Notes which are not allotted 
will be returned within seven Business Days ("Business Days" in this section means days on which banks are 
open for general business in the relevant Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and in the principal financial centre 
of the settlement currency (or, where the settlement currency is euro, the TARGET2 is operating)) after the 
date of receipt of such payment. However, there will be no entitlement to interest in respect of such returned 
payments.

--- Page 161 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 161 - 
 
 
Indicative timetable 
An indicative timetable listing certain expected key dates for the Offer, such as (but not limited to) the 
publication of the prospectus, the latest time and date for subscriptions, the publication of the pricing statement 
(if relevant), and the announcement of the offer size will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. However, 
the timetable for the Offer is subject to acceleration or extension. Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, any acceleration or extension of the timetable for the Offer will be announced in the same manner 
in which the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have been published. 
Cancellation of the Offer 
The relevant Issuer reserves the right to cancel, at any time on or before the Issue Date and for any reason, the 
Offer and issue of the Notes, it being understood that in such case no Notes will be issued. In the event of a 
cancellation, and unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, such cancellation will be 
communicated in the same manner in which the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have been 
published. 
The Offer may be cancelled if any of the following events occur: 
 
the Notes are not or will not be admitted to trading and listing on the relevant stock exchange on the 
Issue Date (or, in the case of an extension of the timetable, such later date as is determined by the 
relevant Issuer as the latest date for such admission); 
 
there has been a change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or 
currency exchange rates or exchange controls that would, in the view of the relevant Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer, Manager or Lead Manager, as the case may be, be likely to prejudice materially the 
success of the offering and/or distribution of the Notes and/or dealings in the Notes in the secondary 
market; 
 
there has been, in the view of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Dealer, Manager or Lead Manager, an 
adverse change, financial or otherwise in the condition or general affairs of the relevant Issuer that 
would be likely to prejudice materially the success of the offering; 
 
the relevant Dealer, Manager or Lead Manager, as the case may be, determines, in its absolute 
discretion, that it is unable to source or price appropriate hedging transactions relating to the relevant 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes on terms which are satisfactory to it; 
 
the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) (if any) is terminated by the underwriter in accordance 
with its terms; 
 
the Placing and Purchase Agreement (as defined below) (if any) is terminated in accordance with its 
terms; or 
 
in any other circumstances where the relevant Issuer considers it necessary or desirable. 
Subscription fees and taxes 
Noteholders will bear fees and taxes including the following: 
 
a fee payable by the relevant Issuer to the relevant Dealer or/and to any Placing Agent if included in 
the subscription price of the Notes paid by subscribers on subscription; 
 
any costs arising from holding their Notes on a securities account with a financial intermediary;

--- Page 162 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 162 - 
 
 
 
any financial service costs which may be charged by any financial intermediary; and 
 
taxes on stock market transactions other than upon initial subscription. 
Other fees and charges 
Except as stated above or in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will not impose any charges or fees 
in respect of the Notes. Prospective purchasers should note, however, that they may be required to bear certain 
fees and charges for custodial, nominee, transfer and clearing services charged by the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) and/or any intermediaries for the holding, transfer or redemption of Notes. Prospective purchasers 
of Notes should contact any relevant intermediaries for further details of these fees and charges. 
In the event that prospective Noteholders are required to be notified of any event and unless otherwise indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms, such notice will be published in the same manner in which the Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus have been published. 
Underwriting and placing arrangements 
The Dealer(s) or Manager(s) underwriting or subscribing the relevant Notes mentioned in Item 8(a) of Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms (the "Subscriber(s)") may enter into an underwriting and subscription agreement 
with the relevant Issuer on or about the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of such Notes (the "Subscription 
Agreement"). Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement and the amended and restated programme 
agreement between the Issuer and the Dealers dated on or about 1 June 2022 (as amended, supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time) (the "Programme Agreement") and subject to the satisfaction of certain 
conditions, the Subscriber will agree to subscribe for the Notes. The Subscription Agreement may be 
terminated in certain circumstances by the Subscriber, prior to payment being made to the relevant Issuer. Any 
such termination is likely to result in a cancellation of the Offer, as described under the heading "Cancellation 
of the Offer" above. 
The relevant Issuer and the Subscriber may also enter into a placing and purchase agreement with the Placing 
Agents on or about the first day of the Offer Period (the "Placing and Purchase Agreement"). If such an 
agreement is entered into, the Placing Agents will agree to use their best endeavours, during the Offer Period 
and pursuant to the Offer, to procure subscribers for an aggregate principal amount of Notes equal to the 
anticipated Offer size of the Notes at the subscription price. If a Placing and Purchase Agreement is entered 
into, each Placing Agent will also agree to purchase from the Subscriber on the Issue Date an aggregate 
principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount of Notes placed by such Placing Agent pursuant to 
the Offer with the subscribers it has procured. 
Each Placing Agent shall be entitled to deduct, before payment to the Subscriber, a commission representing 
a percentage of the principal amount of the Notes placed by it. The commission will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Placing and Purchase Agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances by 
the Subscriber or the Placing Agents, prior to payment being made to the Subscriber. Any such termination is 
likely to result in the cancellation of the Offer, as described under the heading "Cancellation of the Offer" 
above. 
NBB–SSS 
To accept the Notes for clearing and settlement in the NBB–SSS, the NBB may require that X/N Notes are 
only held by Eligible Investor(s). In that case such condition will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 163 - 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The following is only a description as at the date of this Base Prospectus of certain restrictions that may 
vary from time to time. Prospective investors and purchasers of Notes must inform themselves about all 
the relevant, applicable and up-to-date restrictions prior to investing in the Notes. Moreover the selling 
restrictions that are applicable to a Tranche of Notes may be modified in the relevant Final Terms if 
agreed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant Dealer(s). Each Dealer has 
undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake that 
it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply, in all cases at its own expense, with all applicable securities 
laws, regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in which it subscribes for, purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus or any other 
such offering material and has agreed that it will only do so if it has been approved by the relevant 
Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor. 
Where an issue of Notes is to be issued pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus, references in these selling 
restrictions to "Base Prospectus" and "Final Terms" shall be construed to be references to the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus where applicable. 
IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation and relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg, as a base prospectus issued in compliance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the 
"Prospectus Act 2019"), and any other relevant implementing legislation in Luxembourg for the purpose of 
giving information with regard to the issue of Notes under the Programme during the period of twelve months 
after the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. Consequently Notes issued under the Programme may be 
offered to the public in any Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in accordance with the requirements of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuers have requested the CSSF to provide to the relevant competent authority of Belgium and France 
respectively with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuers reserve the right to request the CSSF to provide the competent 
authority of any other host Member State, in the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
such notification being accompanied by relevant translation(s) of the summary applicable to the relevant Notes 
and annexed to the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. 
Belgium 
With respect to Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months qualifying as money market instruments within 
the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, no action will be taken and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it shall 
refrain from taking any action in connection with the issue, sale, transfer, delivery, offering or distribution (or 
otherwise) of such Notes that would require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law (as 
amended) of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment instruments to the public and the admission of 
investment instruments to trading on a regulated market. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.

--- Page 164 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 164 - 
 
 
In respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a "Belgian Consumer") and Notes may not be offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and no 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes 
may be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.4 
France 
Any offer, placement or sale of the Notes in France will only be made in compliance with all applicable French 
laws and regulations in force regarding such offer, placement or sale of the Notes and the distribution in France 
of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, see "European Economic Area Public 
Offer Selling Restrictions" below and in addition: 
Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months qualifying as securities and which also qualify as money market 
instruments in accordance with and within the meaning of Article 17.1 of the Prospectus Act 2019 may not be 
offered or sold to the public within the territory of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg unless: (i) an alleviated 
prospectus has been duly approved by the CSSF pursuant to part III of the Prospectus Act 2019; or (ii) the 
offer benefits from an exemption to or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the requirement to publish a 
alleviated prospectus under part III of the Prospectus Act 2019. 
European Economic Area Public Offer Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 the (as amended, "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
                                                     
4 This is relevant in respect of an offer of Notes if Belgium is one of the relevant jurisdictions in which the Notes will be offered, unless relevant 
elections are made in the Final Terms to comply with Belgian consumer protection rules.  Please note that for purposes of the Belgian consumer 
protection regulations a consumer is a natural person habitually resident in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business 
or profession.  This means that the consumer concept is not identical to the retail investor concept under MiFID II.

--- Page 165 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 165 - 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a 
"Member State"), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a 
"Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating 
such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
Australia 
This Base Prospectus is only made available and offers of Notes will only be made available in Australia to 
persons to whom a disclosure document such as a prospectus or product disclosure statement is not required 
to be given under either Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the "Australian 
Corporations Act"). This document is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other type of 
formal "disclosure document" for the purposes of Australian law, and is not required to, and does not, contain 
all the information which would be required in a product disclosure statement or prospectus under Australian 
law. No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Australian Corporations Act) in relation to

--- Page 166 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 166 - 
 
 
the Programme or any Notes has been, or will be, lodged with, or registered by, the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission ("ASIC") or the ASX Limited or any other regulatory authority in Australia. The 
persons referred to in this document may not hold Australian financial services licences. No cooling off regime 
applies to an acquisition of the Notes. In no circumstances is this document to be used by a "retail client" (for 
the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act) to make a decision about the Notes or any other financial 
product. 
This Base Prospectus contains general advice only and does not take into account the investment objectives, 
financial situation or needs of any particular person. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will 
not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum, 
prospectus, advertisement or any other offering material relating to the Programme or Notes in 
Australia; 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency and, in either case disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act and 
complies with the terms of any authority (if any) granted under the Banking Act of 1959 of 
Australia, 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of 
section 761G and section 761GA of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives including, without 
limitation the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Australian Corporations Act; 
and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
There may be restrictions on the offer for re-sale of any Notes in Australia for a period of 12 months after their 
issue. Because of these restrictions, investors are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer for 
re-sale of any Notes in Australia. 
Canada 
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the applicable 
Canadian securities laws. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, distributed, or delivered, 
and that it will not offer, sell, distribute, or deliver any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident thereof in contravention of applicable Canadian securities laws. Each Dealer has also 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, not to distribute or 
deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material relating to Notes, in Canada in contravention of 
applicable Canadian securities laws.

--- Page 167 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 167 - 
 
 
Prospective Canadian purchasers of Notes are advised that the information contained within this Base 
Prospectus has not been prepared with regard to matters that may be of particular concern to Canadian 
purchasers. Accordingly, prospective Canadian purchasers of Notes should consult with their own legal, 
financial and tax advisers concerning the information contained within the Base Prospectus and as to the 
suitability of an investment in Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Canadian purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Canadian 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the Canadian purchaser's province or 
territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Canadian 
purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
Prospective Canadian purchasers are hereby notified that: (a) any of the Issuer or the Dealers may be required 
to provide personal information pertaining to any Canadian purchaser as required to be disclosed in Schedule 
1 of Form 45-106F1 under National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 45-106") (including the 
Canadian purchaser's name, address, telephone number and the aggregate purchase price of any Notes 
purchased) ("personal information"), which Form 45-106F1 may be required to be filed under NI 45-106, 
(b) such personal information may be delivered to the Ontario Securities Commission ("OSC") and/or other 
applicable securities regulators in accordance with NI 45-106, (c) such personal information is collected 
indirectly by the OSC and other applicable Canadian securities regulators under the authority granted under 
the securities legislation of Ontario and other applicable Canadian securities laws, (d) such personal 
information is collected for the purposes of the administration and enforcement of the securities legislation of 
the relevant Canadian jurisdiction, and (e) the contact information in each local Canadian jurisdiction for 
questions about the collection of such personal information as at the date of the Base Prospectus is as follows: 
 
Ontario Securities Commission 
20 Queen Street West, 22nd Floor 
Toronto, Ontario  M5H 3S8 
Telephone: (416) 593- 8314 
Toll free in Canada: 1-877-785-1555 
Facsimile: (416) 593-8122 
Email: 
exemptmarketfilings@osc.gov.on.ca 
Public official contact regarding 
indirect 
collection of information: Inquiries 
Officer 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
800, Square Victoria, 22e étage 
C.P. 246, Tour de la Bourse 
Montréal, Québec  H4Z 1G3 
Telephone: (514) 395-0337 or 1-877-525-0337 
Facsimile: (514) 864-6381 (For privacy 
requests only) 
Email: financementdessocietes@lautorite.qc.ca 
Public official contact regarding indirect 
collection of information: Corporate Secretary 
 
Alberta Securities Commission 
Suite 600, 250 - 5th Street SW 
Calgary, Alberta  T2P 0R4 
Telephone: (403) 297-6454 
Toll free in Canada: 1-877-355-0585 
Facsimile: (403) 297-2082 
Public official contact regarding 
indirect collection of information: 
FOIP Coordinator 
British Columbia Securities Commission 
P.O. Box 10142, Pacific Centre 
701 West Georgia Street 
Vancouver, British Columbia  V7Y 1L2 
Inquiries: (604) 899-6581 
Toll free in Canada: 1-800-373-6393 
Facsimile: (604) 899-6581 
Attention: FOI Inquiries 
Email: FOI-privacy@bcsc.bc.ca 
Public official contact regarding indirect 
collection of information: FOIP Coordinator

--- Page 168 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 168 - 
 
 
Financial and Consumer Affairs 
Authority of Saskatchewan 
Suite 601 - 1919 Saskatchewan Drive 
Regina, Saskatchewan  S4P 4H2 
Telephone: (306) 787-5879 
Facsimile: (306) 787-5899 
Public official contact regarding 
indirect collection of information: 
Director 
The Manitoba Securities Commission 
500 - 400 St. Mary Avenue 
Winnipeg, Manitoba  R3C 4K5 
Telephone: (204) 945-2548 
Toll free in Manitoba 1-800-655-5244 
Facsimile: (204) 945-0330 
Public official contact regarding indirect collection 
of information: Director 
Nova Scotia Securities Commission 
Suite 400, 5251 Duke Street 
Duke Tower 
P.O. Box 458 
Halifax, Nova Scotia  B3J 2P8 
Telephone: (902) 424-7768 
Facsimile: (902) 424-4625 
Public official contact regarding 
indirect collection of information: 
Executive Director 
Financial and Consumer Services Commission 
(New Brunswick) 
85 Charlotte Street, Suite 300 
Saint John, New Brunswick  E2L 2J2 
Telephone: (506) 658-3060 
Toll free in Canada: 1-866-933-2222 
Facsimile: (506) 658-3059 
Email: info@fcnb.ca 
Public official contact regarding indirect 
collection of information: Chief Executive Officer 
and Privacy Officer 
Each prospective Canadian purchaser that purchases any Notes will be deemed to have authorised the indirect 
collection of the personal information by the OSC and/or other applicable Canadian provincial securities 
regulators, and to have acknowledged and consented to its name, address, telephone number and other 
specified information, including the aggregate purchase price paid by the Canadian purchaser, being disclosed 
to relevant Canadian securities regulatory authorities, and to have acknowledged that such information may 
become available to the public in accordance with requirements of applicable Canadian laws. 
Upon receipt of this Base Prospectus, each Canadian purchaser is hereby deemed to confirm that it has 
expressly requested that all documents evidencing or relating in any way to the sale of the Notes described 
herein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any purchase confirmation or any notice) be drawn up in the 
English language only. Par la réception de ce document, chaque acheteur canadien est réputé avoir confirmé 
par les présentes qu'il a expressément exigé que tous les documents faisant foi ou se rapportant de quelque 
manière que ce soit à la vente des billets décrites aux présentes (incluant, pour éviter toute incertitude, toute 
confirmation d'achat ou tout avis) soient rédigés en anglais seulement. 
If the Notes may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, the issue of the Notes will be subject to such 
additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the Dealers may agree. The Issuer and the Dealers will offer, 
sell and distribute such Notes only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling restrictions. Such 
additional selling restrictions may be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
In relation to each issue of Notes each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Notes may be sold only to Canadian 
purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are "accredited investors", NI 45-106 or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are "permitted clients", as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale 
of such Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

--- Page 169 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 169 - 
 
 
New Zealand 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: (1) it has not directly or indirectly offered, sold or delivered and will not 
directly or indirectly offer, sell, or deliver any Note; and (2) it will not directly or indirectly distribute, publish, 
deliver or disseminate any offering circular or advertisement in relation to any offer of Notes, in New Zealand 
other than: 
(a) 
to "wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of Schedule 1 to the 
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand ("FMC Act"), being a person who is: 
(i) 
an "investment business"; 
(ii) 
"large"; or 
(iii) 
a "government agency", 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; and 
(b) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that (without limiting 
paragraph (a) above) Notes may not be offered or transferred to any "eligible investors" (as defined 
in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of 
Schedule 1 to the FMC Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed,

--- Page 170 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 170 - 
 
 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the 
relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and

--- Page 171 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 171 - 
 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Notes and Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or any other applicable state securities laws and include Notes in bearer form 
that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning ascribed in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any Tranche, (a) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as 
determined, and certified to the Issuer, or the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of X/N Notes, the Domiciliary Agent, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each 
distributor, or person receiving a selling concession fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes sold to which 
it sells Notes a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Until 40 days after the commencement 
of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act unless made pursuant to another 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form that are debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, 
except in certain circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable Final Terms will 
specify whether the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States 
Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA C"), the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, 
successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA D"), or 
neither the provisions of TEFRA C nor TEFRA D ("TEFRA not applicable") will apply to the issue of Notes. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of Notes and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales or other transferee of such 
Notes prior to the expiration of the 40 day distribution compliance period will be deemed to acknowledge, 
represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Regulation S are used herein 
as defined therein): 
(a) 
that it is (a) outside the United States, (b) not a U.S. person and (c) not an affiliate of the Issuer or a 
person acting on behalf of such affiliate; 
(b) 
it understands that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering 
in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and 
may not be offered, sold, resold, pledged, encumbered or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below;

--- Page 172 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
- 172 - 
 
 
(c) 
that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period (defined as 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes), it will do 
so only outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable U.S. state and federal securities laws; 
(d) 
it acknowledges that the temporary Global Notes, bearer Notes in definitive form and registered Notes 
in definitive form will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE 
EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF 
ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART"; AND 
(e) 
it understands that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; 
and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has 
sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.

--- Page 173 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 173 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
This section gives out an overview of certain tax considerations relating to Notes.

--- Page 174 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 174 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE NOTES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON THE 
STATUS OF THE PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER AND 
REGISTRATION TAXES, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE 
TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES SHOULD 
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and/or participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The following is a general description of certain Belgian, Luxembourg, French and United States tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences 
under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Belgium 
and/or Luxembourg of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date (or even before with 
retroactive effect). The information contained within this section is limited to taxation issues, and prospective 
investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including but not limited to, the 
legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Taxation in Belgium 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding and 
selling of Notes. This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold or to 
dispose of the Notes. In some cases, different rules can be applicable.

--- Page 175 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 175 - 
 
 
This summary is based on Belgian tax legislation, treaties, rules, and administrative interpretations and 
similar documentation, in force as of the date of the publication of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice 
to any amendments introduced at a later date, even if implemented with retroactive effect. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into Euro on the date of payment 
or attribution. 
Each prospective holder of Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences 
of an investment in the Notes, taking into account the influence of each regional, local or national law. 
The tax treatment in Belgium of the Notes will differ depending on whether the issuer of the Notes is BNPPF 
or BP2F. Notes issued by BNPPF will hereafter be referred to as "Belgian Notes" while Notes issued by BP2F 
will be referred to as "Foreign Notes". 
Belgian Notes may be cleared through the NBB–SSS. The withholding tax treatment in respect of Notes 
cleared through the NBB–SSS is different from that of other Notes and is set out below under the heading "Tax 
treatment applicable to Belgian Notes held in the NBB–SSS". 
Moreover, the tax treatment in respect of Notes not held in the NBB–SSS depends on whether the Notes qualify 
as Structured Notes, as defined below. 
(a) 
Tax treatment of Foreign Notes and Belgian Notes that are not held in the NBB–SSS 
(i) 
Structured Notes 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of 
income from structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the 
variation of the coupons or the repayment terms at maturity, such as securities whose return is linked 
to the evolution of underlying products. According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured 
securities to a third party (other than the issuer) results in taxation as interest income of the "pro rata 
interest", calculated on an unclear formulae. In addition, any amount paid in excess of the initial issue 
price upon redemption or repayment of the structured securities is considered as interest for Belgian 
tax purposes. It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles set out 
in the circular letter to the structured Notes (hereafter referred to as the "Belgian Structured Notes" 
and the "Foreign Structured Notes", together the "Structured Notes"). 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment of the Structured Notes by the 
Issuer will indeed be viewed as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore 
referred to as "interest" for the purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation 
of the "pro rata interest" in case of sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer) would not be possible, 
on the basis that it is currently impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest". 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
("Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques"), who are holding the Structured Notes as a 
private investment, are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Structured Notes in 
Belgium. Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when Belgian resident 
individuals acquire the Structured Notes for professional purposes or when their transactions with

--- Page 176 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 176 - 
 
 
respect to the Structured Notes fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private 
estate. 
Interest payments on Belgian Structured Notes will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in 
Belgium. Similarly, interest payments on Foreign Structured Notes made through a paying agent in 
Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the 
interest received after deduction of any non Belgian withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax 
constitutes the final income tax for Belgian resident individuals. This means that they do not have to 
declare the interest obtained on the Structured Notes in their personal income tax return, provided 
Belgian withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Structured Notes in their 
personal income tax return. Also, if interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a 
Belgian paying agent, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must 
be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will in 
principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax 
rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is more beneficial) and no 
local surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited against the income 
tax liability. 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are subject to the following tax treatment with respect 
to the Structured Notes in Belgium. Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, 
such as investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code 
1992. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Structured Notes will be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax at the current corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. (with, subject to certain 
conditions, a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable 
income of qualifying small companies (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code)). If the income has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax 
credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest income, the foreign tax credit is generally 
equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 
minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to 
some further limitations). Capital losses are in principle tax deductible. 
Interest payments on the Belgian Structured Notes will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in 
Belgium. Similarly, interest payments on the Foreign Structured Notes made through a paying agent 
in Belgium are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but can under certain 
circumstances be exempt from Belgian withholding tax, provided that certain formalities are 
complied with. For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption can only apply if the Belgian company 
and the Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of article 105, 6°, b) of the Royal Decree 
of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has 
been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Other Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian resident legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
("Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the following tax treatment 
with respect to the Structured Notes in Belgium.

--- Page 177 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 177 - 
 
 
Interest payments on Belgian Structured Notes will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in 
Belgium. Similarly, interest payments on Foreign Structured Notes made through a paying agent in 
Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. If Belgian 
withholding tax was levied, no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent 
and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the Belgian resident legal entity itself is 
responsible for the deduction and payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax. 
Belgian non-residents 
Investors who are not considered Belgian residents for tax purposes can be subject to Belgian 
non-resident income tax ("Belasting van niet-inwoners/Impôt des non-résidents"), in which case they 
are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Structured Notes in Belgium. 
Interest income on Belgian Structured Notes paid to non-residents of Belgium and interest income on 
Foreign Structured Notes paid to non-residents of Belgium through a professional intermediary in 
Belgium will, in principle, be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax. Lower rates may apply if the 
holder of the Structured Notes is resident in a country with which Belgium has concluded a double 
taxation agreement and delivers the requested affidavit. In addition, non-resident corporate investors 
who have allocated the Foreign Structured Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium 
through a Belgian establishment may benefit from a withholding tax exemption, provided that certain 
formalities are complied with. If interest on Foreign Structured Notes is not collected through a 
financial institution or other intermediary established in Belgium, no Belgian withholding tax is due. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Structured Notes for professional purposes and who have 
their fiscal residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which 
Belgium has concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax interest on the Notes to Belgium, 
will be subject to tax in Belgium if the interest is obtained or received in Belgium. 
Non-resident investors who have allocated the Structured Notes to the exercise of a professional 
activity in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same income tax treatment 
as Belgian resident companies or Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes for professional 
purposes (see above). 
Sale to a third party 
No Belgian withholding tax should apply with respect to the Structured Notes. 
Belgian resident individuals 
Individuals that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to Belgian personal income 
tax ("Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques"), are currently not liable to Belgian income 
tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes to a third party, provided 
that the Structured Notes have not been used for their professional activity and that the capital gain is 
realised within the framework of the normal management of their private estate. Capital losses realised 
upon disposal of the Structured Notes held as a non-professional investment are in principle not tax 
deductible. 
However, Belgian resident individuals may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax (plus local 
surcharges) if the capital gains on the Structured Notes are deemed to be speculative or outside the 
scope of the normal management of the individuals' private estate. Capital losses arising from such 
transactions are deductible under certain conditions.

--- Page 178 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 178 - 
 
 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Structured Notes held for professional purposes are taxable at 
the ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Structured Notes held for 
more than five years, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per cent. (plus local surcharges). 
Capital losses on the Structured Notes incurred by Belgian resident individuals holding the Structured 
Notes for professional purposes are in principle tax deductible. 
Belgian resident companies 
Companies that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian corporate income 
tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes to a third party, irrespective of 
whether such Structured Notes relate to shares or other assets or indices. The current standard 
corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25 per cent. (with, subject to certain conditions, a reduced rate 
of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small 
companies (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code)). 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes are in principle tax deductible. Different 
rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies within the 
meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. 
Other Belgian resident legal entities 
Non-corporate legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian 
income tax on legal entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales"), are currently 
not liable to Belgian income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes 
to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Notes are in principle not tax deductible. 
Belgian non-residents 
Investors who are not considered Belgian residents for tax purposes can be subject to Belgian non-
resident income tax ("Belasting van niet-inwoners/impôt des non-résidents"), in which case they are 
subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Structured Notes in Belgium. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Structured Notes for professional purposes and who have 
their fiscal residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which 
Belgium has concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax capital gains on the Notes to 
Belgium, will be subject to tax in Belgium if the capital gains are obtained or received in Belgium and 
are deemed to be realised outside the scope of the normal management of the individual's private 
estate. Capital losses are generally not deductible. 
Non-resident investors who have allocated the Structured Notes to the exercise of a professional 
activity in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same income tax treatment 
as Belgian resident companies or Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes for professional 
purposes (see above). 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to Notes other 
than Structured Notes and that are not held in the NBB–SSS. 
For Belgian tax purposes, periodic interest income and amounts paid by the relevant Issuer in excess 
of the issue price (whether or not on the maturity date) are qualified and taxable as "interest". In

--- Page 179 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 179 - 
 
 
addition, if the Notes qualify as fixed income securities within the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the 
Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992, in case of a realisation of the Notes to a third party between two 
interest payment dates, an income equal to the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the period 
during which the investor held the Notes in the period between the two interest payment dates is also 
taxable as interest. For the purposes of the following paragraphs, any such gain and accrued interest 
are therefore referred to as interest. 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
("Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques"), and who hold the Notes as a private 
investment, are in Belgium subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes. 
Interest payments on Belgian Notes will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. 
Similarly, interest payments on Foreign Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in 
principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received 
after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the 
final income tax for Belgian resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the 
interest obtained on the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax 
was levied on these interest payments. However, they may elect to declare interest in their personal 
income tax return. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, 
the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the 
personal income tax return and will be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are 
realised outside the scope of the normal management of one's private estate or unless the capital gains 
qualify as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are in Belgium subject to the following tax treatment 
with respect to the Notes. Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as 
investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992. 
Interest derived by Belgian resident companies on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes 
will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the current corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. 
(with, subject to certain conditions, a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 
100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code)). If the income has been subject to a foreign withholding 
tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest income, the foreign tax 
credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the 
denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net 
amount received (subject to some further limitations). Capital losses are in principle tax deductible. 
Interest payments on the Belgian Notes will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. 
Similarly, interest payments on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium are in principle be 
subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but can under certain circumstances be exempt from Belgian 
withholding tax, provided that certain formalities are complied with. For zero or capitalisation bonds,

--- Page 180 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 180 - 
 
 
an exemption can only apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer are associated companies within 
the meaning of article 105, 6°, b) of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian 
Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with 
the applicable legal provisions. 
Other Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian income tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Interest payments on Belgian Notes will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. 
Similarly, interest payments on Foreign Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in 
principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. If Belgian withholding tax was 
levied, no further Belgian income tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent 
and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the Belgian resident legal entity itself is 
responsible for the deduction and payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain 
qualifies as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Belgian non-residents 
Investors who are not considered Belgian residents for tax purposes can be subject to Belgian non-
resident income tax ("Belasting van niet-inwoners/Impôt des non-résidents"), in which case they are 
subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Interest income on Belgian Notes paid to non-residents of Belgium and interest income on Foreign 
Notes paid to non-residents of Belgium through a professional intermediary in Belgium will, in 
principle, be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax. Lower rates may apply if the holder of the Notes 
is resident in a country with which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers 
the requested affidavit. In addition, non-resident corporate investors who have allocated Foreign Notes 
to the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium through a Belgian establishment may benefit from 
a withholding tax exemption, provided that certain formalities are complied with. If interest on 
Foreign Notes is not collected through a financial institution or other intermediary established in 
Belgium, no Belgian withholding tax is due. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Notes for professional purposes and who have their fiscal 
residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which Belgium has 
concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax interest on the Notes to Belgium, will be subject 
to tax in Belgium if interest is obtained or received in Belgium. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Notes for professional purposes and who have their fiscal 
residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which Belgium has 
concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax capital gains on the Notes to Belgium, will be 
subject to tax in Belgium if the capital gains are obtained or received in Belgium and are deemed to 
be realised outside the scope of the normal management of the individual's private estate. Capital 
losses are generally not deductible. 
Non-resident investors who have allocated the Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in 
Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same income tax treatment as Belgian

--- Page 181 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 181 - 
 
 
resident companies or Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes for professional purposes (see 
above). 
(b) 
Tax treatment applicable to Belgian Notes held in the NBB–SSS 
Withholding tax 
The holding of the Notes in the NBB clearing and settlement system permits most types of investors 
(the "Eligible Investors", see below) to collect interest on their Notes free of withholding tax, and to 
trade their Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants in the NBB system must keep the Notes they hold for the account of Eligible Investors on 
so called "X accounts", and those they hold for the account of non-Eligible Investors on "N accounts". 
Payments of interest made through X accounts are free of withholding tax; payments of interest made 
through N accounts are subject to a withholding tax of 30 per cent., which the NBB deducts from the 
payment and pays over to the tax authorities. In the case of Notes issued at a discount, the difference 
between the issue price and the principal amount constitutes interest for these purposes. 
Transfers of Notes between an X account and an N account give rise to certain adjustment payments 
on account of withholding tax: 
 
A transfer from an N account (to an X account or an N account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferor non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. The withholding tax is due 
in euro, and is calculated based on the rate of exchange published two business days earlier by the 
NBB. 
 
A transfer from an X account (or an N Account) to an N account gives rise to the refund by the 
NBB to the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. The refund is payable in euro, 
and is calculated based on the rate of exchange published two business days earlier by the NBB. 
 
Transfers of Notes between two X accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of 
withholding tax. 
These adjustment mechanics are such that parties trading the Notes on the secondary market, 
irrespective of whether they are Eligible or non-Eligible Investors, are in a position to quote prices on 
a gross basis. 
The main categories of Eligible Investors are as follows: 
 
Belgian resident corporate investors; 
 
corporate investors who are non-residents of Belgium, whether they have a permanent 
establishment in Belgium or not; 
 
individuals who are non-residents of Belgium, unless their holding of the Notes is connected to a 
permanent establishment they have in Belgium; and 
 
investment funds governed by foreign law that are an indivisible estate managed by a management 
company for the account of the participants (such as fonds de placement/beleggingsfondsen) and 
whose units are not publicly offered or marketed in Belgium.

--- Page 182 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 182 - 
 
 
The main categories of non-Eligible Investors are: 
 
Belgian resident individuals; and 
 
most Belgian non-profit organisations. 
(The above categories summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Belgian royal 
decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax ("Koninklijk Besluit van 26 mei 1994 over 
de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/Arrêté Royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la 
perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier"), to which investors should refer for a precise 
description of the relevant eligibility rules.) 
When opening a securities account for the holding of Notes or other securities kept in the NBB–SSS, 
investors are required to provide the financial institution where this account is kept with a statement 
as to their tax status. This statement need not be periodically reissued, save that investors need to 
inform the financial institution of any changes to the information contained in it. These identification 
requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositories, as defined by Article 2, §1, 
1) of Regulation (EU) n° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on 
improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and 
amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, acting as 
participants to the NBB Clearing System, provided that (i) they only hold X accounts, (ii) they are 
able to identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual 
rules agreed upon by these central securities depositories acting as participants include the contractual 
undertaking that their clients and account owners are all Eligible Investors. 
Belgian resident individuals 
For Belgian resident individuals, i.e., natural persons who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
("Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques") and who hold the Notes as a private investment, 
payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal income tax 
liability with respect to these interest payments. This means that they do not have to declare interest 
in respect of the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided that Belgian withholding tax has 
effectively been levied on the interest. 
Nevertheless Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their 
personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared in this way will in principle be taxed at 
a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s) taking into account 
the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is more beneficial). The Belgian withholding tax 
levied may be credited. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the 
capital gains are realised outside the scope of the management of one's private estate or except to the 
extent they qualify as interest (as described in "Other Notes" above). Capital losses are in principle 
not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to companies that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. which are 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), as well as 
capital gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the current ordinary corporate income 
tax rate of in principle 25 per cent. (with, subject to certain conditions a reduced rate of 20 per cent.

--- Page 183 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 183 - 
 
 
applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies (as 
defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code)). Capital losses 
realised upon the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies 
within the meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. 
Belgian resident legal entities 
For Belgian legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des 
personnes morales") and which have been subject to the 30 per cent. withholding tax on interest 
payments, such withholding tax constitutes the final taxation. 
Belgian legal entities which have received interest income on the Notes without deduction for or on 
account of Belgian withholding tax are required to declare and pay the 30 per cent. withholding tax to 
the Belgian tax authorities themselves. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains 
qualify as interest (as described in "Other Notes" above). Capital losses are in principle not tax 
deductible. 
Belgian non-residents 
Noteholders who are not considered Belgian residents for tax purposes can be subject to Belgian non-
resident income tax ("Belasting van niet-inwoners/impôt des non-résidents"), in which case they are 
subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and who are not holding the 
Notes through a permanent establishment in Belgium will not become liable for any Belgian tax on 
income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition or disposal of the Notes, provided that they 
qualify as Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X account. 
If the Notes are not entered into an X account by the Eligible Investor, withholding tax on the interest 
is in principle applicable at the current rate of 30 per cent., possibly reduced pursuant to a double 
taxation agreement. In addition, non-resident corporate investors who have allocated Foreign Notes to 
the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium through a Belgian establishment may benefit from a 
withholding tax exemption, provided that certain formalities are complied with. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Notes for professional purposes and who have their fiscal 
residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which Belgium has 
concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax interest on the Notes to Belgium, will be subject 
to income tax in Belgium if the interest is obtained or received in Belgium. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Notes for professional purposes and who have their fiscal 
residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which Belgium has 
concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax capital gains on the Notes to Belgium, will be 
subject to tax in Belgium if the capital gains are obtained or received in Belgium and are deemed to 
be realised outside the scope of the normal management of the individual's private estate. Capital 
losses are generally not deductible. 
Non-resident investors who have allocated the Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in 
Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same income tax treatment as Belgian

--- Page 184 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 184 - 
 
 
resident companies or Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes for professional purposes (see 
above). 
(c) 
Belgian tax on stock exchange transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions ("Taks op de Beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les operations de 
bourse") will be levied on the sale and acquisition of the Notes on the secondary market if (i) executed 
in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be executed in Belgium, which is 
the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of 
Belgium, either by private individuals having their usual residence in Belgium, or legal entities 
established in Belgium. 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium through a professional intermediary 
is 0.12 per cent. with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party or, as the case 
may be, 0.35 per cent. with a maximum amount of EUR 1,600 per transaction and per party. The tax 
is due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser 
(transferee), both collected by the professional intermediary. 
However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax will in principle be due by the 
ordering private individual or legal entity, unless that individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax 
has already been paid. Professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium can, subject to 
certain conditions and formalities, appoint a Belgian representative for tax purposes, which will be 
liable for the tax on stock exchange transactions in respect of the transactions executed through the 
professional intermediary. 
Exemptions are available, inter alia, for certain categories of Belgian institutional investors and non-
residents acting for their own account, provided that certain formalities are respected. Transactions on 
the primary market are not subject to this tax. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account, including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian 
institutional investors as defined in Article 126/1, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties 
("Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers"). 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a FTT. The 
proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall 
not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
therefore may be changed at any time. Luxembourg decided not to participate in the enhanced 
cooperation on introducing an FTT. 
(d) 
Following the Law of 11 February 2021, a new annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the 
"Annual Tax on Securities Accounts") ("Jaarlijkse taks op de effectenrekeningen/Taxe annuelle sur 
les comptes-titres"). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which 
the average value during the reference period (i.e a period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 
1 October and ending, in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident 
individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a 
financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to 
securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial

--- Page 185 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 185 - 
 
 
intermediary in Belgium. However, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on securities 
accounts held by specific types of regulated entities in the context of their own professional activity 
and for their own account. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15 per cent. of the average value of 
the financial instruments and funds held on the account or 10 per cent. of the difference between the 
average value of the financial instruments and funds held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax 
base is the sum of the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in 
time, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September, divided by the number of those points 
in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing 
a securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf 
of the Minister of Finance (the "Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative"). The Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to 
declare and pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no 
intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the 
securities account needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already 
been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
A new retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 was also introduced, 
targeting (i) the splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial 
intermediary and (ii) the conversion of taxable financial instrumenten into registered financial 
instruments ("financiële instrumenten op naam/instruments financiers nominatifs"). Furthermore, a 
general anti-abuse provision was introduced. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this new annual tax on securities accounts. 
Taxation in Luxembourg 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income 
tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu). Investors 
may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax, net wealth tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to 
personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer 
acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may 
apply as well.

--- Page 186 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 186 - 
 
 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is 
resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. In addition, pursuant to 
the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self declare and pay a 20 per cent. levy 
on interest payments made by paying agents located in a Member State of the European Union other 
than Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic Area (the "Levy"). Such withholding 
tax as described above or the Levy will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
(b) 
Income Taxation 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of Notes, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes. A gain realised 
by such non-resident holder of Notes on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes is 
further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax 
on repayment of principal. 
 
Luxembourg resident corporate holder of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form

--- Page 187 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 187 - 
 
 
whatsoever, of the Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment 
purposes. 
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for 
collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds, as amended, and which does not fall under the special tax regime set out in 
Article 48 thereof is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued 
or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
 
Luxembourg resident individual holder of Notes 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding 
tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual 
holder of the Notes has opted for the application the Levy. A gain realised by an individual 
holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the Notes were acquired. 
However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance 
with the Relibi Law. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied 
in accordance with the Relibi Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
(c) 
Net Wealth Taxation 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a holder of a Note unless: 
(i) 
such holder is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions to the exception of the following entities that are net wealth tax exempt, being (A) 
undertakings for collective investment (UCITS) within the meaning of the law of 17 
December 2010, as amended, (B) specialized investment funds within the meaning of the law 
of 13 February 2007, as amended, (C) family wealth management companies governed by the 
law of 11 May 2007, as amended, (D) securitisation vehicles governed by the law of 22 March 
2004, as amended, (E) investment companies in risk capital governed by the law of 15 June 
2004, as amended, (F) capital companies governed by the law of 13 July 2005 on professional 
pension institutions, as amended, and (G) reserved alternative investment funds governed by 
the law of 23 July 2016, as amended; or 
(ii) 
such Note is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in 
Luxembourg; 
However, please note that (i) securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or (ii) capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or (iii) capital companies governed by the law of 13 July 2005 on 
professional pension institutions, as amended, or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds governed

--- Page 188 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 188 - 
 
 
by the law of 23 July 2016, as amended, and which fall under the special tax regime set out under 
article 48 thereof may, under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
This minimum net wealth tax amounts to EUR 4,815, if the relevant holder of a Note holds assets such 
as fixed financial assets, receivables owed to affiliated companies, transferable securities, postal 
checking accounts, checks and cash, in a proportion that exceeds both (i) 90 per cent. of its total 
balance sheet value and (ii) EUR 350,000. If the relevant holder of a Note holds financial assets in a 
proportion of 90 per cent. or less of its total balance sheet value or if the value of those financial assets 
does not exceed EUR 350,000, a minimum net wealth tax varying between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100 
would apply depending on the size of its balance sheet. 
In respect of individuals, the Relibi Law has abolished the net wealth tax with effect from 1 January 
2006. 
(d) 
Inheritance and Gift Taxation 
(i) 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a 
Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax 
purposes. However, where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at 
the time of his/her death, the Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax 
assessment purposes. 
(ii) 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in case the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed signed 
before a Luxembourg notary or is registered in Luxembourg. 
(e) 
Other Taxes and Duties 
Under current Luxembourg tax law and current administrative practice, it is not compulsory that the 
Notes be notarised, filed, recorded or enrolled with any court, or other authority in Luxembourg or 
that registration tax, transfer tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty (other than 
court fees and contributions for the registration with the Chamber of Commerce) be paid in respect of 
or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any 
foreign judgement in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Notes, in accordance therewith or the 
performance of the Issuers' obligations under the Notes, except if the Notes are either (i) physically 
attached as an annex to an act (annexés à un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory registration or (ii) 
deposited in the minutes of a notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire). In such cases, as well 
as in case of a voluntary registration, the Notes will be subject to a fixed or an ad valorem duty payable 
by the party registering, or being ordered to register, the Notes. 
(f) 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue 
of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of 
Notes. Luxembourg value-added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain 
services rendered to BP2F, if for Luxembourg value-added tax purposes such services are rendered, 
or are deemed to be rendered, in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value-added tax 
does not apply with respect to such services. 
(g) 
Residence 
A holder of a Note will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of such Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that or any 
other Note.

--- Page 189 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 189 - 
 
 
Taxation in France 
The following is a summary addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income 
arising from the holding of the Notes. This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force and 
effect in France as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially 
with retroactive effect. 
This summary is prepared on the assumption that neither BNPPF nor BP2F is and will be a French resident 
for French tax purposes and any transactions in connection with the Notes are not and will not be attributed 
or attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of business of BNPPF or 
BP2F in France. 
In respect of those Notes which are treated as debt for French tax purposes, all payments by the relevant Issuer 
in respect of such Notes will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein. 
However, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of 
the French Code Général des Impôts and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar revenues received 
by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject, to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which 
the payment has been made. Such interest and similar revenues are also subject to social contributions (CSG, 
CRDS and solidarity levy) which are withheld at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. subject to certain 
exceptions. 
In respect of those Notes which are not treated as debt for French tax purposes, all payments by the relevant 
Issuer in respect of such Notes will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein. 
Exchange of information for tax purposes 
BP2F may be required to report certain information about its Noteholders and, as the case may be, about 
individuals controlling Noteholders that are entities, on an automatic and annual basis to the Luxembourg 
direct tax administration (Administration des contributions directes) in accordance with, and subject to, the 
Luxembourg law of 24 July 2015 concerning FATCA, and/or the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 
implementing Council Directive 2014/107/EU and the standard for automatic exchange of financial account 
information in tax matters developed by the OECD with the G20 countries (commonly referred to as the 
"Common Reporting Standard"), each as amended from time to time (each an "AEOI Law" and collectively 
the "AEOI Laws"). Such information, which may include personal data (including, without limitation, the 
name, address, country(ies) of tax residence, date and place of birth and tax identification number(s) of any 
reportable individual) and certain financial data about the relevant Notes (including, without limitation, their 
balance or value and gross payments made thereunder), will be transferred by the Luxembourg direct tax 
administration to the competent authorities of the relevant foreign jurisdictions in accordance with, and subject 
to, the relevant Luxembourg legislation and international agreements. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor agrees to provide, upon request by BP2F (or its delegates), any such 
information, documents and certificates as may be required for the purposes of the BP2F's identification and 
reporting obligations under any AEOI Law. BP2F reserves the right to reject any application for Notes or to 
redeem Notes (i) if the prospective investor or Noteholder does not provide the required information, 
documents or certificates or (ii) if BP2F (or its delegates) has reason to believe that the information, documents 
or certificates provided to BP2F (or its delegates) are incomplete or incorrect and the Noteholder does not 
provide, to the satisfaction of BP2F (or its delegates), sufficient information to cure the situation. Prospective

--- Page 190 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
- 190 - 
 
 
investors and Noteholders should note that incomplete or inaccurate information may lead to multiple and/or 
incorrect reporting under the AEOI Laws. Neither BP2F nor any other person accepts any liability for any 
consequences that may result from incomplete or inaccurate information provided to BP2F (or its delegates). 
Any Noteholder failing to comply with the BP2F's information requests may be charged with any taxes 
and penalties imposed on the BP2F attributable to such Noteholder's failure to provide complete and 
accurate information. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor acknowledges and agrees that BP2F will be responsible to collect, 
store, process and transfer the relevant information, including the personal data, in accordance with the AEOI 
Laws. Each individual whose personal data has been processed for the purposes of any AEOI Law has a right 
of access to his/her personal data and may ask for a rectification thereof in case where such data is inaccurate 
or incomplete. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting 
or related requirements. Each of the Issuers is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Luxembourg and Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes but generally will be required to report information with respect to its account 
holders to the relevant tax authorities. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs 
to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes that are treated as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding, unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 191 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
- 191 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section gives general information about to the listing and clearing systems that may apply to Notes issued 
under the Base Prospectus. It also provides other relevant information (including certain line-items of the 
Final Terms) and describes where investors can obtain copies of certain documents relating to the Issuers and 
the Guarantor and the Programme.

--- Page 192 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
- 192 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
1. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date 
of approval of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the 
Luxembourg Regulated Market and Brussels Regulated Market. Application has also been made for 
Notes (including Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuers may also make an application for Notes issued under 
the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
The Luxembourg Regulated Market and Brussels Regulated Market are each a regulated market for 
the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments. The Euro MTF Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is not a regulated market the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
Markets in Financial Instruments. 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the official 
list and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market nor be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation on any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system, or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on such competent authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system as the Issuers and the relevant Dealers may agree. 
2. 
As disclosed in the section entitled "General Description of the Programme", the debt of each of the 
Issuers (debt issued generally and within the framework of this Programme) has been rated by 
Moody's, S&P and Fitch. Nevertheless not all Notes which may be issued under the Programme will 
necessarily have the same ratings as the ratings assigned to the Programme, or indeed any ratings at 
all. Any rating assigned to a Series of Notes issued under this Programme will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms together with an indication of whether such ratings are specific to such Series of 
Notes or whether such ratings are the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
3. 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder was authorised by resolutions of the 
Executive Board of BNPPF passed on 12 May 2022 and by circular resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of BP2F passed on 11 May 2022, respectively and the giving of the Guarantee was confirmed 
and authorised by a resolution of the Executive Board of the Guarantor passed on 12 May 2022.  
4. 
Each permanent Global Note, Bearer Note (including each Exchangeable Bearer Note), Coupon, 
Receipt and Talon which specifies TEFRA D in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, will bear the following legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
5. 
Bearer Notes (including Exchangeable Bearer Notes) have been accepted for clearance through the 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. Dematerialised Notes issued by BNPPF have been 
accepted for clearance through the NBB–SSS. The Common Code given by the NBB–SSS or 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, together with the relevant ISIN number 
for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 193 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
- 193 - 
 
 
6. 
The basis for any statements in this Base Prospectus made by the Issuers regarding their competitive 
position originate from the Issuers' evaluation of market trends and generally reflect market views. 
7. 
Each set of Final Terms will contain, inter alia, the following information in respect of the issue of 
Notes to which it relates: 
(a) 
Series Number; 
(b) 
principal amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the form of the Notes; 
(d) 
issue date and any interest commencement date; 
(e) 
specified currency and denomination and, in the case of Dual Currency Notes, the Settlement 
Currency; 
(f) 
maturity date/redemption month; 
(g) 
issue price; 
(h) 
where applicable, interest rate, spread, the interest period, any maximum or minimum rate of 
interest and all other information required to calculate interest amounts (including basis for 
calculating interest payable on Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Interest Notes or Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, if applicable); 
(i) 
where applicable, interest payment dates; 
(j) 
redemption amounts or the basis for calculating redemption amounts payable in respect of 
Zero Coupon Notes, Variable Redemption Amount Notes, Inflation Index-Linked 
Redemption Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption Notes or Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Redemption Notes, if applicable; 
(k) 
where applicable, the common code given by the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the ISIN; 
(l) 
whether the Notes are redeemable prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor and/or the Noteholders and the terms relating thereto; 
(m) 
the amortisation yield in respect of Zero Coupon Notes; 
(n) 
whether or not the Notes will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by a competent 
authority stock exchange, and/or quotation system and, if so, the relevant competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(o) 
the name of any Stabilisation Manager; 
(p) 
whether the Guarantee is subordinated or unsubordinated; 
(q) 
whether the Notes will be Subordinated Notes or not; 
(r) 
the details of any Dealers, including any additional Dealers appointed in respect of an issue of 
Notes; 
(s) 
details of the Calculation Agent, if any;

--- Page 194 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
- 194 - 
 
 
(t) 
the identity of the Principal Paying Agent and any additional Paying Agent(s), including any 
required Paying Agent in France (where applicable); 
(u) 
the name and address of any entities which have a firm commitment to act as intermediaries 
in secondary trading and a description of the main terms of their commitment and/or the name 
of the specialist broker in France (where applicable); and 
(v) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, any other relevant information which is not inconsistent 
with the Programme or the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to a Series of Notes which (i) is to be admitted to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market or (ii) is to be admitted to trading on 
the Brussels Regulated Market will be made available by the Issuer at www.bnpparibasfortis.be. 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to a Series of Notes which is the subject of a Non-exempt Offer but 
not admitted to listing and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market or the Brussels Regulated 
Market will be made available by the Issuer at www.bnpparibasfortis.be\emissions. Copies of the 
Pricing Supplement relating to a Series of Notes which is to be admitted to listing on the official list 
and to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be made freely 
available by the Issuer at www.bnpparibasfortis.be. 
8. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents (together, in the case of any document not in the English language, with an English 
translation 
thereof) 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/offering-documents: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement: This agreement sets out general provisions relating to the appointment 
of Agents and also specifies procedures to be followed by the Agents in relation to (i) issuing, 
transferring and replacing Notes, (ii) making payments in respect of Notes, (iii) the calculation 
of amounts payable in respect of the Notes and (iv) early redemption of the Notes, including 
the exercise of any Noteholder option. This agreement also contains the forms of (a) the Global 
Notes, (b) Definitive Notes in Bearer and Registered Form, (c) the Guarantees, (d) the 
Coupons, (e) the Receipts, (f) the Talons, (g) the redemption notices and (h) the deed poll 
relating to be entered into on the substitution of an Issuer and it also contains the procedures 
relating to meetings of Noteholders; 
(b) 
each Clearing Agreement: These agreements set out the procedures relating to the issue of 
Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes, respectively, which are traded through the NBB–SSS 
and the procedures for payments in respect of those Notes; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant: This deed confers on the holders direct rights to proceed against the 
relevant Issuer in the event that any Global Note in respect of an issue of Notes becomes void 
(which may occur, for example, following an event of default under the Notes or if payments 
under the Global Notes have not been paid when due). It also contains (in the case of Notes 
issued by BP2F) a guarantee by the Guarantor of any payments due under the Deed of 
Covenant. The Deed of Covenant is governed by English law, except that Clause 2(C) (relating 
to the guarantee by the Guarantors of obligations in respect of any Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) 
of the Deed of Covenant are expressed to be governed by the laws of Belgium; and 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus or any further Base Prospectus together with any supplement 
thereto.

--- Page 195 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
- 195 - 
 
 
The Memorandum and Articles of Association of BNPPF shall be available for inspection at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/your-bank/about-us/article/articles-of-association 
and 
the 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of BP2F shall be available for inspection at www.bp2f.lu. 
The documents referred to at paragraphs (a) to (d) above, the Memorandum and Articles of Assocation 
of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, and the Pricing Supplement 
in respect of any Series of Exempt Notes to be admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will also be available, during usual 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection and, in the 
case of paragraph (d) above, such Final Terms and Pricing Supplements, may be obtained free of 
charge, at the office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of X/N Notes, the Domiciliary Agent and the 
Paying Agent. 
9. 
The annual accounts of BP2F for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 have 
been audited without qualification by Deloitte Audit as approved independent auditor (réviseur 
d'entreprises agréé) whose registered office is 20, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (previously with registered office at 560, rue de Neudorf, L-2220 
Luxembourg) and who is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The cash flow statements of BP2F for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 have 
been audited by Deloitte Audit as approved independent auditor (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) whose 
registered office is 20, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (previously with registered office at 560, rue de Neudorf, L 2220 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg), who is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2021 of BNPPF have been audited by PwC 
Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL, represented by Jeroen Bockaert, Partner, Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem, 
in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An unqualified opinion with explanatory paragraphs on the 
consolidated financial statements has been issued on 28 March 2022. Jeroen Bockaert is member of 
the Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren (IBR)/Institut des Réviseurs d'Enterprises (IRE). 
The financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2020 of BNPPF have been audited by PwC 
Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL, represented by Damien Walgrave, Partner, and Jeroen Bockaert, Partner, 
in accordance with the laws of Belgium. An unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements has been issued on 29 March 2021. Damien Walgrave and Jeroen Bockaert are members 
of the Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren (IBR)/Institut des Réviseurs d'Enterprises (IRE). 
10. 
Yield: In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and will not be an 
indication of future yield. 
11. 
This Base Prospectus (or any future Base Prospectus) together with any supplement thereto, the 
documents incorporated by reference herein and the final terms of any Tranches admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and 
issued under this Base Prospectus will be available (a) in the case of Notes listed on the official list 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, www.bourse.lu, and (b) in the case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Regulated Market and/or the Brussels Regulated Market, the applicable Final 
Terms will be published at www.bnpparibasfortis.be. Additionally, this Base Prospectus, any 
supplements to this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference at paragraphs 8 to

--- Page 196 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
- 196 - 
 
 
11 (inclusive) of the section entitled "Information Incorporated by Reference in this Base Prospectus" 
above will be available at www.bp2f.lu.   
12. 
None of the Issuers intend to provide post-issuance information in relation to any issue of Notes, 
except as otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
13. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg. The address of the National Bank of Belgium as operator of the NBB–SSS is 
Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier with regards to BNPPF is: KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. Further, the 
Legal Entity Identifier with regards to BP2F is: 549300J2UEC8CUFW6083. 
15. 
Any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only other than where 
information incorporated by reference is specified as being available and do not form part of the base 
prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 197 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
- 197 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section describes how the Issuers will use the net proceeds of issues of Notes.

--- Page 198 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
- 198 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes by BNPPF will be used by it to meet part of its financing 
requirements and for general corporate purposes and the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes issued by 
BP2F will be lent to the Guarantor (via a loan or via an investment in securities issued by the Guarantor), to 
be used by the Guarantor for the same purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 199 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 199 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND 
THE GUARANTEE

--- Page 200 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
- 200 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes.

--- Page 201 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 201 - 
 
 
PART 1: MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
This section sets out the generic terms and conditions that are applicable to all types of Notes in definitive 
form or in dematerialised form.

--- Page 202 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 202 - 
 
 
PART 1: MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion and, in the case of Exempt 
Notes (as defined below) only, amendment or variance in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to any particular Tranche or Series, will (i) be endorsed on the Notes in definitive form (if 
any) issued (where applicable) in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series or (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, will be made applicable to such Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions (as defined below) to "relevant Final Terms" or "applicable Final Terms" 
shall be deemed to include a reference to "relevant Pricing Supplement" or "applicable Pricing Supplement", 
as the case may be, where relevant. 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and the same maturity date, 
bearing interest (if any) on the same basis and at the same rate and on terms otherwise identical. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") as further described in Condition 12 (the issue date of the first 
Tranche of Notes being the "Issue Date"). The specific terms of each Series will be set forth in a set of final 
terms ("Final Terms") based on the form included in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022, as supplemented 
from time to time. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 1 June 2022 (as amended 
or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between BNP Paribas Fortis Funding ("BP2F") 
and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV ("BNPPF" and together with BP2F, the "Issuers" and each, an "Issuer"), BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV (the "Guarantor"), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from 
and including the Merger Date (as defined below), will be substituted with BNP Paribas Succursale de 
Luxembourg) as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent"), registrar (the "Registrar"), principal paying agent (the 
"Principal Paying Agent") and transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent"), BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas 
Succursale de Luxembourg), BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (each such entity, together with any third party 
appointed in such capacity as calculation agent, a "Calculation Agent"), BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as 
alternative principal paying agent (the "Alternative Principal Paying Agent") (together with the Principal 
Paying Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, 
the "Paying Agents") and as transfer agent (together with the Transfer Agent referred to above and any 
additional or other transfer agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the "Transfer Agents") 
and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as domiciliary agent (the "Domiciliary Agent"). For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "Principal Paying Agent" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the Fiscal Agent or the 
Principal Paying Agent specified above or the Alternative Principal Paying Agent, as specified on the relevant 
Note. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified on the relevant Note. In relation to the Notes issued 
by BNPPF which are specified in the relevant Final Terms to be cleared through the book-entry securities 
settlement system (the "NBB–SSS") operated by the National Bank of Belgium or any successor thereto (the 
"NBB") (the "X/N Notes"), BNPPF has, in addition to the Agency Agreement, also entered into a clearing 
agreement in respect of Dematerialised Notes (as defined below) with the NBB and the Domiciliary Agent on 
13 June 2016  (the "Dematerialised Notes Clearing Agreement") and a clearing agreement in respect of X/N 
Notes that are in bearer form dated on or about 9 June 2017 (the "Bearer Notes Clearing Agreement", 
together with the Dematerialised Notes Clearing Agreement as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
the "Clearing Agreements"). The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the coupons (the "Coupons") 
appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons 
for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") and the holders of the instalment receipts 
(the "Receipts") appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments (the "Receiptholders") are deemed 
to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
BNP Paribas and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup reorganisation 
pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, as 
the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which is governed by

--- Page 203 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 203 - 
 
 
Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (the "Intragroup Merger"). 
The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or such other date as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (the "Merger Date"). From and including the Merger Date, 
BNPP will assume the business of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and, as a consequence, BNP Paribas, 
Succursale de Luxembourg will become Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Principal Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, 
Calculation Agent and Luxembourg Listing Agent in place of BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note or, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, applicable to such Notes, which complete (or, in the case of a Pricing Supplement, 
complete, supplement, modify and/or replace, as the case may be) these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") (which term shall include one or more of the parts to these terms and conditions containing 
additional terms and conditions relating to (i) payouts (set out at Part 2 of these Conditions (the "Payout 
Conditions")), (ii) inflation index-linked notes (set out at Part 3 of these Conditions (the "Inflation Index-
Linked Note Conditions")), (iii) foreign exchange (FX) rate-linked notes (set out at Part 4 of these Conditions 
(the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Conditions")) or (iv) underlying interest rate-linked notes 
(set out at Part 5 of these Conditions (the "Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions" and, together 
with the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Conditions, 
the "Additional Terms and Conditions"))) and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading on 
(a) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (b) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
nor offered in (a) the European Economic Area or (b) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as the case may be (an "Exempt Note"), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes 
of this Note (such conditions, together with the applicable Final Terms, the "Terms and Conditions"). 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" or "relevant Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part 
A of the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note or are, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, applicable to such Notes. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified, or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes by the terms 
of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. Without limitation to the generality of these Conditions, 
Exempt Notes may be issued on a partly-paid, instalment or other basis, where the interest rate, aggregate 
principal amount and/or other terms may be varied from time to time (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms relating thereto). The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Clearing Agreements are available for inspection at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/offering-documents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Brussels Stock Exchange, the applicable Final 
Terms will be published at www.bnpparibasfortis.be. If this Note is an Exempt Note admitted to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will be made freely available by the Issuer at www.bnpparibasfortis.be. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
1.1 
Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Notes are issued in (a) bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes which are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes) in the denominations specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)"), (b) in the case of Notes issued by BP2F only, in definitive 
registered form ("Registered Notes") in amounts of the Specified Denomination or an integral

--- Page 204 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 204 - 
 
 
multiple thereof ("Authorised Denominations") or (c) in the case of Notes issued by BP2F only, in 
bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes"), in each case, serially 
numbered. 
Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive 
form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Notes 
which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date (being the date specified in or determined as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms)), Coupons and Talons in the Terms and Conditions are not applicable. Any Bearer Note the 
principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments is issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by 
delivery. Except as otherwise required by law, title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration 
in the register (the "Register") which the relevant Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The provisions relating to the holding of a 
note register at the registered office of the issuer company contained in Article 470-1 of the 
Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended (the "Companies Act 
1915") shall not apply to the Registered Notes. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or required by law, the holder of any Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of any such 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or 
on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone. 
In the Terms and Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts 
relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" 
(in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) 
and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them on such Notes, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to such Note. 
1.2 
Dematerialised Notes 
BNPPF may issue notes in dematerialised form in accordance with Article 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian 
Code of Companies and Associations ("Dematerialised Notes"). The Dematerialised Notes are issued 
in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. The Dematerialised Notes will 
be represented by a book-entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto (the "NBB–SSS"). 
Notes issued by BNPPF will be issued in the Specified Denomination specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and may only be settled through the NBB–SSS in principal amounts equal to that denomination 
or integral multiples thereof. 
The Dematerialised Notes can be held by their holders through the participants in the NBB–SSS, 
including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Euroclear France SA, Clearstream Banking AG 
("Clearstream, Frankfurt"), SIX SIS AG, Euroclear France SA ("Euroclear France"), Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD and through other financial intermediaries 
which in turn hold the Dematerialised Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt or other 
participants in the NBB–SSS. The Dematerialised Notes are transferred by account transfer. Payments 
of principal, interest and other sums due under the Dematerialised Notes will be made in accordance 
with the rules of the NBB–SSS through the NBB. Holders of Dematerialised Notes are entitled to

--- Page 205 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 205 - 
 
 
exercise the rights they have, including exercising their voting rights and other associative rights (for 
purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations) against BNPPF in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions, upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt or any other participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep 
dematerialised securities accounts showing their position in the Dematerialised Notes (or the position 
held by the financial institution through which their Dematerialised Notes are held with the NBB, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by the 
financial institution will also be required. 
The person who is for the time being shown in the records of the NBB–SSS or of an approved 
participant or sub-participant as the holder of a particular principal amount of Dematerialised Notes 
shall for all purposes be treated by BNPPF and the Domiciliary Agent as the holder of such principal 
amount of Dematerialised Notes, and the expressions "Noteholders" and "holders" of Notes and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly for all purposes. 
The Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer form or for Notes in definitive 
registered form. 
1.3 
Clearing system regulations 
Notes accepted for clearance through the NBB–SSS are subject to the applicable clearing regulations, 
including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its implementing 
Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of the clearing and its annexes, 
as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time (the laws, rules and rules mentioned in this 
Condition being referred to herein as the "NBB Clearing System Regulations"). 
1.4 
Alternative clearing system 
Reference to the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent. 
1.5 
Right of third parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
2. 
Exchanges of Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
2.1 
Exchange of Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.5, Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes of an Authorised Denomination at the request in 
writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be 
exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.2) for any payment 
of interest, the Coupons in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Notes which are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.

--- Page 206 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 206 - 
 
 
2.2 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
A Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part in an Authorised Denomination upon the 
surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it 
duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case 
of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.3 
Delivery of new Registered Notes 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes or transfer of 
Registered Notes will, within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on 
which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar to whom such request for exchange or transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of the 
relevant request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of 
the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom such request shall have been made 
or, at the option of the holder making such request as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request 
for exchange or form of transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Note 
to such address as may be specified in such request for exchange or form of transfer. 
2.4 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange of Notes on registration or transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require) in respect of any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
2.5 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note (a) during the period of 15 days ending on the due 
date for any payment of principal on that Note, (b) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on 
which Notes may be redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5.5 or (c) after 
any such Note has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called 
for redemption may, however, be exchanged for a Registered Note which is simultaneously 
surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.2(b) below). 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes and whether the Notes have the benefit of the Senior Guarantee or Subordinated Tier 2 
Guarantee (all as defined below). In case of Senior Notes issued by BNPPF, the applicable Final Terms 
will indicate whether such Senior Notes are senior preferred Notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes") or 
senior non-preferred Notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). 
3.1 
Senior Notes 
This Condition 3.1 is applicable in relation to Notes issued by BP2F on an unsubordinated basis (the 
"Senior Notes"). 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured and general 
obligations of BP2F and rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred debts under applicable laws) 
without any preference among themselves and at least equally and rateably with all other present and

--- Page 207 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 207 - 
 
 
future outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, including guarantees and other 
obligations of a similar nature of BP2F. 
3.2 
Senior Guarantee 
This Condition 3.2 is applicable in relation to any Senior Notes issued by BP2F. 
The Guarantor has, by the guarantees endorsed on such Senior Notes (the "Senior Guarantees"), 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all amounts due from 
BP2F under such Senior Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them (including any 
additional amounts payable under Condition 7 below), when and as the same shall become due and 
payable, whether by declaration or acceleration or otherwise. 
The Senior Guarantees constitute direct, unconditional, irrevocable, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred debts under 
applicable laws) equally and rateably with all other present and future outstanding Senior Preferred 
Obligations of the Guarantor. 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Guarantor 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of 
the Belgian Banking Law (including the Senior Guarantee and any Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
the Guarantor in accordance with these Conditions). 
3.3 
Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.3 is applicable in relation to Senior Preferred Notes issued by BNPPF. 
(a) 
Status 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being any Series of Notes the Final Terms in respect of which 
specify their status as "Senior Preferred Notes") are direct, unconditional, senior and 
unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of BNPPF and rank at all times: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of BNPPF, present and future, which will 
fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 
389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law,  
(B) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of BNPPF and any obligations ranking 
pari passu with or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of BNPPF; and 
(C) 
junior to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general 
application. 
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" means any obligations or other instruments issued by BNPPF 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 2° of 
the Belgian Banking Law. 
(b) 
Ranking 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation, 
dissolution 
or 
winding-up 
of 
BNPPF 
by 
reason 
of 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Preferred

--- Page 208 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 208 - 
 
 
Notes (including for any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of any present and future claims as may be 
preferred by laws of general application; and 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
3.4 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.4 is applicable in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by BNPPF. 
(a) 
Status 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being any Series of Notes the Final Terms in respect of 
which specify their status as "Senior Non-Preferred Notes") are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law and are direct, unconditional, 
senior and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank at all 
times: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, present and future; 
(B) 
senior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, any Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes Guarantee and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims of (i) any unsubordinated creditors of BNPPF that 
are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of BNPPF, and (ii) 
all other present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general application 
or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
(b) 
Subordination 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation, 
dissolution 
or 
winding-up 
of 
BNPPF 
by 
reason 
of 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including for any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of Senior Preferred Obligations (including 
any holders of Senior Preferred Notes) and other present and future claims benefiting 
from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations; 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
issued by BNPPF, any Subordinated Tier 2 Notes Guarantee and other present and 
future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
(c) 
Set-off

--- Page 209 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 209 - 
 
 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
compensation, retention or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by BNPPF arising 
under or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and each Noteholder shall, by 
virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Senior Non-Preferred Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, retention or netting. Notwithstanding the 
preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note by 
BNPPF is discharged by set-off, compensation, retention or netting, such Noteholder shall, 
unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to BNPPF or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator 
or administrator, as appropriate of BNPPF for the payment to creditors of BNPPF in respect 
of amounts owing to them by BNPPF and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed 
not to have taken place. 
3.5 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
This Condition 3.5 is applicable in relation to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
(a) 
Status 
The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (being any Series of Notes the Final Terms in respect of which 
specify their status as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with any other Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. The rights and claims of the 
Noteholder in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated in the manner as 
provided in Condition 3.5(b) below. 
(b) 
Subordination 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of an order being made, or an effective resolution being 
passed, for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy or 
otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-up solely for 
the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of such Issuer or substitution 
in place of such Issuer or a successor in the business of such Issuer), the rights and claims of 
the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes in respect of or arising under (including any 
interest or damages awarded for the breach of any obligation under) the Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes shall, subject to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, rank (a) junior 
to the claims of all the Senior Creditors of the relevant Issuer and, in respect of Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, junior to the claims of all Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors 
of BNPPF, (b) in respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, at least pari passu 
with the claims of holders of all obligations of BNPPF which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of BNPPF and 
(c) senior to (i) the claims of holders of all share and other equity capital of the relevant Issuer 
(including preference shares, if any) and (ii) in respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by 
BNPPF, the claims of holders of all obligations of BNPPF which constitute Tier 1 Capital of 
BNPPF.  
For the purposes of this Condition 3.5: 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors" means creditors of BNPPF whose claims are in 
respect of obligations which are subordinated to those of Senior Creditors or which otherwise 
rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to obligations owed by BNPPF to Senior Creditors, and 
which do not constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of BNPPF (including the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes).

--- Page 210 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 210 - 
 
 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the relevant Issuer whose claims are in respect of 
obligations which are unsubordinated (including, for the avoidance of doubt, holders of Senior 
Notes) or, in respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, which otherwise rank, 
or are expressed to rank, senior to obligations owed by BNPPF to Ordinarily Subordinated 
Creditors and to obligations which constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of BNPPF 
(including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes). 
For purposes of this Condition 3.5 and Condition 3.6: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, guidelines and 
policies of the Relevant Regulator (as defined in Condition 5.11), or the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in Belgium, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to BNPPF 
at such time (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including the rules contained in, or 
implementing, CRD IV). 
"CRD IV" means, taken together, (i) the Capital Requirements Directive and (ii) the Capital 
Requirements Regulation and (iii) any Future Capital Instruments Regulations. 
"Capital Requirements Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced 
from time to time. 
"Capital Requirements Regulation" means Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) n° 648/2012, as amended or 
replaced from time to time. 
"Future Capital Instruments Regulations" means any further Applicable Banking 
Regulations that come into effect after the Issue Date and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of BNPPF to the extent required by (i) 
the Capital Requirements Regulation or (ii) the Capital Requirements Directive. 
"Tier 1 Capital" and "Tier 2 Capital" have the respective meanings given to such terms in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
(c) 
Set-off 
Except where prohibited by law, or if 'Waiver of Set-Off' is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, no holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note may exercise or claim any 
right of set-off, compensation, retention or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
relevant Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and each 
holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note shall, by virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding 
of any Subordinated Tier 2 Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
compensation, retention or netting. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amount 
owing to any holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note by the relevant Issuer is discharged by set-
off, compensation, retention or netting, such holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note shall, unless 
such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such 
discharge to the relevant Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the 
liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the payment to creditors of the 
relevant Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the relevant Issuer and accordingly 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.

--- Page 211 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 211 - 
 
 
3.6 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes Guarantee 
This Condition 3.6 is applicable in relation to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BP2F. 
The Guarantor has, by guarantees endorsed on such Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (the "Subordinated 
Tier 2 Guarantees"), as primary obligor guaranteed, on a subordinated basis, the due and punctual 
payment of all amounts payable by BP2F on or in respect of such Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and the 
Receipts and Coupons relating to them (including any additional amounts payable under Condition 7 
below) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether by declaration or acceleration 
or otherwise. 
The Subordinated Tier 2 Guarantees constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor and rank pari passu (subject to any mandatorily preferred debts under 
applicable laws) without any preference among themselves and with any other Subordinated Tier 2 
Guarantee. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, 
for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Guarantor by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the 
Guarantor or substitution in place of the Guarantor or a successor in the business of the Guarantor), 
the rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes in respect of or arising under 
(including any interest or damages awarded for the breach of any obligation under) the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Guarantees shall, subject to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, rank (a) 
junior to the claims of all the Senior Creditors and of all Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors of the 
Guarantor, (b) at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of the Guarantor which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 
Capital of the Guarantor and (c) senior to (i) the claims of holders of all share and other equity capital 
(including preference shares, if any) of the Guarantor and (ii) the claims of holders of all obligations 
of the Guarantor which constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Guarantor.  
For purposes of this Condition 3.6: 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors" means creditors of the Guarantor whose claims are in respect 
of obligations which are subordinated to those of Senior Creditors of the Guarantor or which otherwise 
rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to obligations owed by the Guarantor to its Senior Creditors, and 
which do not constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Guarantor (including the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes issued by the Guarantor and any Subordinated Tier 2 Guarantee). 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Guarantor whose claims are in respect of obligations which 
are unsubordinated (including, for the avoidance of doubt, holders of Senior Notes issued by the 
Guarantor) or which otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to obligations (including 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by the Guarantor or any Subordinated Tier 2 Guarantee) which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Guarantor. 
4. 
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes ("Fixed Rate 
Notes"), Floating Rate Notes ("Floating Rate Notes"), Zero Coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes"), 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes ("Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes"), Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes"), 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes ("Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes"), Dual Currency Interest Notes ("Dual Currency Interest Notes") and/or, in the case of

--- Page 212 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 212 - 
 
 
Exempt Notes, whether a different interest basis applies. The length of interest periods, and the rate of 
interest in respect thereof, may differ from the length, and the rate of interest in respect of subsequent 
or, as the case may be, preceding interest periods. 
This Condition 4 applies to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Inflation 
Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes. Conditions 4.1, 4.2, 4.6, 4.7, 4.8, 4.9 
and 4.10 apply to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes 
and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, Dual Currency Interest Notes. Condition 4.3 applies 
solely to Fixed Rate Notes and if specified in the applicable Final Terms Dual Currency Interest Notes. 
Conditions 4.4 and 4.5 apply solely to Floating Rate Notes and if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms Dual Currency Interest Notes. Condition 4.11 applies solely to Zero Coupon Notes and if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms Dual Currency Interest Notes. Condition 4.12 applies to 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes and 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes. Condition 4.14 applies solely to Dual Currency 
Interest Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of interest and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 4 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify, among other things, (a) in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation 
Amount, the Day Count Fraction, the Interest Rate(s), the Interest Commencement Date, the Interest 
Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, any applicable Business Day Convention and Additional 
Business Centre(s) and (b) in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Margin, any Spread or Spread 
Multiplier, the Day Count Fraction, the Interest Commencement Date, any Interest Payment Date(s), 
any Interest Period Dates, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest and the 
Reference Banks. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable 
Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset 
Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final 
Terms will also specify the applicable Benchmark, Interest Determination Date(s), the Relevant 
Financial Centre(s) and Relevant Screen Page, (c) and in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, the 
Amortisation Yield, the Reference Price and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
In the case of Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, among 
other things, the relevant Index and Index Sponsor, any Related Bond and relevant Determination 
Dates, the Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count 
Fraction and the Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set 
out, among other things, the relevant Base Currency, any Subject Currencies, any applicable 
Weighting, the Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount, relevant Interest Payment Dates, the Day Count 
Fraction and the Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, 
among other things, the Underlying Interest Rate Determination Dates, whether ISDA Determination, 
Screen Rate Determination or CMS-Rate Determination applies to the Underlying Interest Rate and, 
(a) where ISDA Determination applies, the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and 
Reset Date, (b) where Screen Rate Determination applies, the Underlying Benchmark, the Relevant 
Screen Page (Underlying), the Underlying Reference Banks and the Relevant Time (Underlying), or 
(c) where CMS-Rate Determination applies, the Specified Swap Rate, the Designated Maturity (CMS), 
the Reference Currency (CMS), the Relevant Screen Page (CMS) and the Relevant Time.

--- Page 213 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 213 - 
 
 
In the case of Dual Currency Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will set out, among other 
things, the Specified Exchange Rate or the sources from which the Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate will be determined. 
4.1 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Interest Rate 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless such Note is redeemed 
early. If such Note is redeemed early (a) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to 
Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for redemption or (b) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no interest shall accrue 
or be payable in respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to 
the due date for redemption of such Note. If upon due presentation or, in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes, on the relevant due date for redemption, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest Rate 
for the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant date of redemption in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
4.2 
Business Day Convention 
If any date which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Relevant Business Day (as defined below), 
then, if the convention (the "Business Day Convention") specified is (a) the Floating Rate 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day and (ii) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Relevant Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (b) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Relevant Business Day, (c) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Relevant Business Day or (d) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
4.3 
Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes 
If the Interest Rate is specified as being Fixed Rate and unless, in the case of Exempt Notes only, 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant "Fixed Coupon Amount" (converted into the Settlement 
Currency as provided in Condition 4.14 in the case of Dual Currency Interest Notes) and, if the Notes 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination (converted into the Settlement Currency as provided in 
Condition 4.14 in the case of Dual Currency Interest Notes). 
4.4 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate Determination 
(a) 
EURIBOR 
(i) If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and Screen Rate Determination 
is specified as "Applicable: IBOR" in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which

--- Page 214 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 214 - 
 
 
the Interest Rate or Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may 
be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent as either: 
(A) 
the quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Relevant Rate(s) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the page, section or other part of the sepcified 
information service specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Relevant Screen 
Page") (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as 
at the Relevant Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (the "Screen Page 
Benchmark") on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Spread (if any) and as adjusted by the Spread 
Multiplier (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such quotations. 
(ii) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (i)(A), no 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) or, in the case of subparagraph (i)(B), fewer than three 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information), in each case as at the Relevant Time, except as provided 
in paragraph (iii) below, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Relevant Rate at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
quotations, the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for the Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the relevant quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or in the 
event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in 
the event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the lowest), plus or minus (as 
applicable) the Spread (if any) and as adjusted by the Spread Multiplier (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as communicated to the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered (where the Relevant Rate is an offered rate), at which such banks offered 
(where the Relevant Rate is a bid rate) or the mean of the rates at which such banks 
were offered and at which they offered (where the Relevant Rate is a mid rate), at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the relevant 
currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Relevant Rate 
by leading banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, plus or

--- Page 215 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 215 - 
 
 
minus (as applicable) the Spread (if any) and as adjusted by the Spread Multiplier (if 
any), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
rates, the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the rate for deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Relevant Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the rates for deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Relevant Rate, at which, at the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the interbank market 
of the Relevant Financial Centre, plus or minus (as applicable) the Spread (if any) and 
as adjusted by the Spread Multiplier (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (ii), the Interest Rate or Rate, as the 
case may be, shall be equal to the last Relevant Rate available on the Relevant Screen 
Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the Spread (if any) and as adjusted by the Spread 
Multiplier (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent except that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Screen Page Benchmark or the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Fallback Event, then the Relevant Rate will be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (iii) below. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date, 
that the Screen Page Benchmark has been discontinued or a Benchmark Fallback Event 
has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the Screen Page 
Benchmark, an alternative reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction or region of the Specified Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") 
that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more 
alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Calculation 
Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative, the Calculation 
Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the business day 
prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Benchmark 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, 
which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Benchmark, is available for the 
purpose of determining the Relevant Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on 
or after the date of such determination. If the Benchmark Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Benchmark 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Interest Rate or Rate. 
If the Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
(such rate, the "Replacement Benchmark"), for the purpose of determining the 
Interest Rate or Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination:

--- Page 216 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 216 - 
 
 
(A) 
the Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable Business 
Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination 
Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Benchmark, including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement 
Benchmark comparable to the Screen Page Benchmark (including, where 
applicable, and if Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing such 
exposure to the Replacement Benchmark), in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such Replacement Benchmark; 
(B) 
references to the Screen Page Benchmark in these Conditions will be deemed 
to be references to the relevant Replacement Benchmark, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; 
(C) 
the Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Benchmark, and the details 
described in (A) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(D) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Benchmark, and the details described in (A) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) 
on the business day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Benchmark and the other matters referred to 
above by the Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark Determination Agent determines at a 
later date that the Replacement Benchmark is no longer substantially comparable to 
the Benchmark or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Benchmark Determination 
Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original 
Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of 
confirming the Replacement Benchmark or determining a substitute Replacement 
Benchmark in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (iii). If the 
Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to 
or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Benchmark, then the 
Replacement Benchmark will remain unchanged. 
The Benchmark Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency as 
appointed by the Issuer, (y) the Issuer or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer. 
If the relevant Benchmark Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 5.15(b), the 
provisions of this Condition 4.4(a) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to 
in) this Condition 4.4(a), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark Determination 
Agent (as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in

--- Page 217 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 217 - 
 
 
respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Fallback Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Benchmark 
Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have occurred before 
the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(b) 
SONIA 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and Screen Rate Determination 
is specified as "Applicable: SONIA" in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Interest Rate or Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the following provisions: 
(i) Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily", the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Spread (if any) and as adjusted by the Spread 
Multiplier (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Weighted 
Average", the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Spread (if any) and as adjusted by the Spread Multiplier (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
(iii) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4.4(b): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(x) 
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷×𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] ×
365
𝑑; 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
[∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖×𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] ×
365
𝑑; or 
(z) 
if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙−1) ×
365
𝑑, 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards;

--- Page 218 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 218 - 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the relevant Observation Lookback Period or (z) if "SONIA Index with 
Observation Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, from (and including) 
the day in relation to which SONIA IndexInitial is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SONIA IndexFinal is determined; 
"do" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an 
Observation Lookback Period, the number of London Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the Interest Period Date falling at the end of such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following 
London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p London Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is p London Business Days prior to the Interest Period Date falling at the end 
of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" or "Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period where 
"Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of London Business Days specified for "p" in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five London Business Days); 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i:

--- Page 219 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 219 - 
 
 
(A) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London Business Day 
i; 
(B) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
I. 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
II. 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding the Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
(C) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day i; 
"SONIA Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date by reference to the screen rate 
or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA IndexFinal" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA 
Index determined in relation to the day falling p London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SONIA IndexInitial" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA 
Index determined in relation to the day falling p London Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(A) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London 
Business Day falling "p" London Business Days prior to such London 
Business Day i ("pLBD"); or 
(B) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such 
London Business Day i; 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Business Day, as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors 
and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such London Business Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means:

--- Page 220 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 220 - 
 
 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Lookback Period. For these purposes, the 
SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided that, for any calendar 
day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will 
be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any such calendar day which is not a 
London Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to 
be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(iv) 
SONIA Fallbacks 
(x) 
If "Lag", "Lock out" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
I. 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at the 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads); or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the immediately preceding London Business Day on which 
the SONIA Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow such guidance to 
determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors.

--- Page 221 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 221 - 
 
 
In the event that the relevant Interest Rate or Rate, as applicable, cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Interest Rate or Rate, as applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Spread, 
Spread Multiplier, Maximum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period, the Spread, Spread Multiplier, Maximum Interest Rate 
and/or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Spread, Spread Multiplier, Maximum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate 
relating to the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate or Rate, as applicable, 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(subject to the application of the relevant Spread, Spread Multiplier or Maximum 
Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period). 
(y) 
If "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if 
later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as 
the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
SONIA for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Index is not available 
shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 
4.4(b) where (i) the "Observation Method" will be deemed to be "Shift" and (ii) the 
"Observation Lookback Period" will be deemed to be equal to p London Banking 
Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
SOFR 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and Screen Rate Determination 
is "Applicable: SOFR" in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate 
or Rate for an Interest Accrual Period is to be determined, the Interest Rate or Rate, as the 
case may be, for such Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the basis of the following provisions: 
(i) Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean", the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period will be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded 
(if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR 
Compound", the Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 222 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 222 - 
 
 
(iii) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4.4(c): 
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page" means the Bloomberg screen designated 
"SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, an 
amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Accrual 
Period, compounded daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if "SOFR Compound with Lookback" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 
SOFRi−pUSBD × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
("pUSBD"), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest Period 
Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period;

--- Page 223 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 223 - 
 
 
(b) 
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in such Observation Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Observation Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in such Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling the number of Observation Shift 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date that is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the 
next occurring Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi; 
(c) 
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
( SOFR Index Final
SOFR Index Initial
−1) × 360
dc
 
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 224 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 224 - 
 
 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal 
Reserve as such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the 
SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website; 
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the value 
of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next 
occurring Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period; and 
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the value 
of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date); 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY Federal Reserve, 
currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY Federal 
Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page designated "USDSOFR=" or 
any successor page or service; 
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is 
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Screen Page"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the

--- Page 225 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 225 - 
 
 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website; 
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Accrual Period, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent, provided that, SOFR in respect of each 
calendar day during the period from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Interest Period Date will be the SOFR on the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, the SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is 
not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding 
proviso, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the fourth U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest Period Date in such 
Interest Accrual Period (or such other number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
("SIFMA") recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, if the Calculation Agent determines on 
or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in Condition 4.4(c)(iv) 
(SOFR Replacement Provisions) below will apply to all determinations of the Interest 
Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Accrual Period thereafter. 
(iv) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the SOFR Determination 
Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR Transition Event 
and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will 
appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will 
determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may 
be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial 
centre of the Settlement Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation 
Agent or (zz) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent 
to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these 
provisions, will (in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Holders.

--- Page 226 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 226 - 
 
 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Calculation Agent may 
subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event and a related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that 
the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR Replacement and 
any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution 
have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to 
be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the following 
definitions shall apply: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended, updated or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition 
Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index 
(each as defined in Condition 4.4(c)(iii)); 
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of 
the SOFR Replacement Date if the Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination of the SOFR 
Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in accordance with: 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 227 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 227 - 
 
 
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set 
forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable 
to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with the each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement 
is determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate or Interest Rate in respect 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and each subsequent Interest Accrual Period, 
subject to the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR 
Replacement Date; 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Accrual Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
Replacement"); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the "ISDA Fallback Replacement"); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Accrual Period giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "Industry Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the

--- Page 228 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 228 - 
 
 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "SOFR Transition 
Event" the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event" 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been 
published, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as 
referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance 
referred to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than 
three (3) months after the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR 
Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months prior 
to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or 
publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 229 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 229 - 
 
 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the 
central bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR (or such component, if 
relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant); 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement prior to the 
application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment. 
(d) 
€STR 
(i) 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and Screen Rate 
Determination is "Applicable: €STR" in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate or Rate for an Interest Accrual Period is to be determined, the 
Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for such Interest Accrual Period, will be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 
(d), the following definitions shall apply
4.4
:
 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily euro 
short term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the

--- Page 230 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 230 - 
 
 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[∏
(1 +
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖×𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] ×
360
𝑑, 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (y) if 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"d0" means the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, the reference rate equal 
to the daily euro short term rate (€STR) for such TARGET2 Business Day as provided 
by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or any successor website or the 
website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the "ECB 
Website") on such TARGET2 Business Day or if the ECB Website is unavailable as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, €STR for the 
TARGET2 Business Day falling p TARGET2 Business Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET2 Business Day i; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET2 Business Day in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of TARGET2 Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five TARGET2 Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such TARGET2 Business Day i to (but excluding) the following 
TARGET2 Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p TARGET2 Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is p TARGET2 Business Days prior to the Interest Period Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 231 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 231 - 
 
 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
€STRi pTBD; or 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i 
falling in the relevant Observation Lookback Period, €STR for such day; and 
"TARGET2 Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
€STR Fallback provisions 
(1) 
A €STR Transition Event has occurred 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the €STR Reference Time on 
any TARGET2 Business Day that a €STR Transition Event and the related €STR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will determine the €STR 
Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, 
broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Settlement 
Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor, (z) 
an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent or (aa) such other 
entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the €STR Replacement: 
(X) 
the €STR Replacement will replace the then-current €STR Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of such determination on 
such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates; 
(Y) 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make €STR Replacement 
Conforming Changes with respect to the relevant Notes from time to time; 
(Z) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 4.4(d)(ii), including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection, in each case, solely with 
respect to the relevant Notes, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, will be made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
(AA) 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition 
and any other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 
(d)(ii) shall 
4.4
prevail with respect to any Notes for which the Interest Rate or Rate 
is calculated in accordance with
 
this Condition 4.4(d); 
(BB) 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a €STR 
Replacement to replace the then-current €STR Benchmark and apply 
any €STR Replacement Conforming Changes in respect of any 
subsequent €STR Transition Event; and

--- Page 232 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 232 - 
 
 
(CC) 
where a €STR Transition Event or details of it are announced prior to 
the relevant €STR Replacement Date then the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may on or after such earlier announcement date 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
relevant changes which will be made to the Notes, provided that, such 
changes will only take effect as of the €STR Replacement Date. 
(2) 
A €STR Transition Event has not occurred and the €STR Benchmark is unavailable 
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant determination date, the €STR 
Benchmark is unavailable in respect of such determination date and a €STR 
Transition Event has not occurred, then the rate for such determination date will be 
the €STR Benchmark, where applicable, of the Corresponding Tenor, as provided by 
the administrator of the €STR Benchmark and published by an alternative authorised 
distributor or by or on behalf of the administrator of the €STR Benchmark itself. If no 
such rate has been published by the Rate Cut-Off Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if no time is so specified, 4 p.m. (London time)), then the rate for 
such determination date will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark by applying one of the 
following rates: 
(1) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body or 
any other supervisor which is responsible for supervising the €STR 
Benchmark or the administrator of the €STR Benchmark, 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the €STR Benchmark and for so 
long as a €STR Transition Event has not occurred. If a rate described in sub-paragraph 
(1) is available, the Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no such rate is available, 
but a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, the Calculation Agent shall 
apply that rate. If neither a rate described in sub-paragraph (1) nor a rate described in 
sub-paragraph (2) is available, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark taking into account, 
where available, any rate implemented by central counterparties and/or futures 
exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing the 
€STR Benchmark that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be a 
representative alternative rate. 
(3) 
€STR Fallback Definitions 
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, 
the following definitions shall apply with respect to this Condition 
(d)(ii)
4.4
:
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended, updated or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives

--- Page 233 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 233 - 
 
 
Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a €STR Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business 
day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current €STR Benchmark. 
"€STR Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR (as defined in 
Condition 
4.4
)
d
(
(i) above) of the appropriate tenor (if applicable), provided that, if a 
€STR Transition Event and its related €STR Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily €STR, or the then-current €STR Benchmark, then 
"€STR Benchmark" means the applicable €STR Replacement. 
"€STR Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the €STR Benchmark 
means 11:00 am (Brussels time) on the TARGET2 Business Day immediately 
following the date of such determination. 
"€STR Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the €STR 
Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
(2) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current €STR 
Benchmark, where applicable, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; or 
(3) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current €STR 
Benchmark, where applicable for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current €STR Benchmark for floating rate securities denominated 
in the currency of the €STR Benchmark (the "Relevant Benchmark 
Currency") calculated at such time. 
"€STR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any €STR 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest 
period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions, business day convention, amendments to any other Condition and other 
administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such €STR Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the €STR Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner). 
"€STR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current €STR Benchmark:

--- Page 234 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 234 - 
 
 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "€STR Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the €STR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such 
€STR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "€STR Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the €STR Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the €STR Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the €STR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the €STR Reference Time for such determination. 
"€STR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark announcing that the administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the €STR 
Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the €STR Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the €STR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the €STR Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the €STR Benchmark or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the €STR Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the €STR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the €STR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the €STR Benchmark announcing that the €STR 
Benchmark is no longer representative, the €STR Benchmark has been or will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an €STR Transition 
Event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a €STR

--- Page 235 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 235 - 
 
 
Transition Event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Rate Cut-off Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the European Central Bank (including any 
board thereof) or any committee officially endorsed and/or convened thereby. 
4.5 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
If the Interest Rate or Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate or Rate is to be determined, the 
Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
Condition 4.5, "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided, however, that if the application of the above provisions does not result in the determination 
of an ISDA Rate for any Interest Period, then the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be equal to 
the ISDA Rate last determined in relation to the Notes without recourse to the provisions of this 
proviso. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.5, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated 
Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
4.6 
Minimum/Maximum Interest Rates, Spreads and Spread Multipliers 
If any figure is expressed to be as adjusted by a Spread or Spread Multiplier, such adjustment shall be 
made by adding or subtracting any Spread specified in the relevant Final Terms or multiplying by any 
Spread Multiplier specified in such Final Terms, subject always to the next paragraph. 
If a Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in such Final Terms, then the Interest Rate shall 
in no event exceed the maximum or be less than the minimum. 
If a Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in such Final Terms, then the Rate shall in no 
event exceed the maximum or be less than the minimum. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
4.7 
Calculation 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified or not applicable shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest 
Rate and the Calculation Amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction and rounding, if necessary, 
the resultant figure to the nearest minimum unit of the Specified Currency (half of such unit being

--- Page 236 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 236 - 
 
 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount and, in the case of Dual Currency 
Interest Notes, converting the resulting figure into the Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 
4.14. For this purpose a "minimum unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, 
in the case of euro, means one cent. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts 
of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
4.8 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rate, Rate and Interest Amounts by the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable or (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) as soon as 
practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date, determine the Interest Rate 
and/or Rate, as the case may be, and calculate the amount of interest payable (the "Interest Amounts") 
in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes (in the case of Bearer Notes and 
Dematerialised Notes) and the minimum Specified Denomination (in the case of Registered Notes) 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, and cause the Interest 
Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Principal Paying Agent, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar, the 
Domiciliary Agent (if applicable), each of the Paying Agents, any competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system on which the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the 
Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Relevant 
Business Day thereafter. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended by the Calculation Agent in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. In such case, the Interest Amount will be recalculated using the same Interest Rate and 
making such calculation on the same basis as for the original calculation, but for such longer or shorter 
Interest Period, and notice of any such change will be given to the Noteholders. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest, the Interest Rate payable and/or the Rate in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of the Interest Rate and/or Rate and the Interest Amounts 
by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
4.9 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The relevant Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks with offices in 
the Relevant Financial Centre (or, in the case of Notes denominated in euro, in the financial centre or 
centres selected by the relevant Issuer) and a Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the 
Terms and Conditions applicable to such Notes and for so long as it is outstanding. If any Reference 
Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, 
then the Calculation Agent will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre (or, in the case of Notes denominated in euro, in the financial centre or centres in the 
euro-zone) to act as such in its place. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate or Rate for any Interest Period or to 
calculate the Interest Amounts, the relevant Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading bank 
engaged in the London interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 237 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 237 - 
 
 
4.10 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions and the Additional Terms and Conditions: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Benchmark" means (i) the Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), or (ii) in the case of 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes where CMS-Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying 
CMS Rate. 
"Benchmark Fallback Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, any of the following, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
the Benchmark ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six (6) 
consecutive Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(b) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information (provided that, at the time of 
any such event, there is no successor administrator that will provide the Benchmark) by or on 
behalf of (i) the administrator of the Benchmark or (ii) the supervisor, insolvency official, 
resolution authority, central bank or competent court having jurisdiction over such 
administrator stating that (x) the administrator has ceased or will cease permanently or 
indefinitely to provide the Benchmark (y) the Benchmark has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, or (z) the Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that, if such public statement or publication 
mentions that the event or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will occur on a date 
falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public statement or publication, the 
Benchmark Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months prior 
to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement); 
(c) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as applicable), become unlawful 
for the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Benchmark to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Benchmark (including, 
without limitation, under BMR, if applicable); or 
(d) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information that any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark has not 
been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the use of the Benchmark is not or will not be permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation, such that the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the 
Benchmark is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a change in the methodology of the Benchmark shall not, absent the 
occurrence of one of the above, be deemed a Benchmark Fallback Event.

--- Page 238 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 238 - 
 
 
"Business Day" means a Relevant Business Day or, if different for any purpose, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Currency - Reference Dealers Determination" means that, if applicable, the Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate for a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date will be determined on the 
basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers on that Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date for a transaction between the currencies and at the time in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on such day. The Calculation Agent will request each of the Reference Dealers 
to provide a firm quotation of its Settlement Currency Exchange Rate for a transaction where the 
amount of Settlement Currency equals the amount of the Specified Currency. If four quotations are 
provided, the rate for a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided, without taking into account the quotations having the highest and 
lowest value. If exactly three quotations are provided, the rate for a Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate Observation Date will be the quotation provided by the Reference Dealer that remains after 
disregarding the quotations having the highest and lowest values. For these purposes, if more than one 
quotation has the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such quotations shall be disregarded. 
If exactly two quotations are provided, the rate for a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation 
Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations received. If only one quotation is provided, the rate 
for a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date will be the rate quoted by that Reference 
Dealer. If no such quotations are received by the Calculation Agent, any such rate of exchange will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such other sources as it, having taken into account 
any relevant market practice, considers to be appropriate. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the 
Terms and Conditions or the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actually number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 239 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 239 - 
 
 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1) + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1) + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case Di will be 30; and

--- Page 240 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 240 - 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
"euro-zone" means the region comprising the member states of the European Union which adopt or 
have adopted the euro as their lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Communities, as amended. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the relevant Notes or such other date as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, that number of 
Relevant Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date as is set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate Convention and an interval of a number 
of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention 
or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest 
Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date and ending on the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Accrual 
Periods relating to an Interest Period shall be each such Interest Accrual Period ending during such 
Interest Period. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date or the date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if so specified, as the same, may be adjusted 
in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the relevant Notes 
and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, of such Notes. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Notes. 
"Luxembourg Regulated Market" means the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 241 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 241 - 
 
 
"Price Source Materiality Event" means that, in respect of the determination of any Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent determines that the rate derived at the relevant time 
from the source specified in the Final Terms differs from the rate that would be derived at the relevant 
time from a source that the Calculation Agent deems, having taken into account any relevant market 
practice, to be equivalent, by more than 3 per cent. 
"Reference Dealers" means the reference dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such reference dealers are specified, four leading dealers in the relevant currencies selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls 
other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if "TARGET2", "TARGET" or "TARGET Settlement Day" is specified as an Additional 
Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(c) 
either (1) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement Currency (which if the Settlement 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in the case of a payment in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
"Relevant Financial Centre(s)" means London or such other financial centre as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Rate" means: 
(a) 
an offered rate, in the case of a Note the Benchmark for which relates to an offered rate; 
(b) 
a bid rate, in the case of a Note the Benchmark for which relates to a bid rate; and

--- Page 242 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 242 - 
 
 
(c) 
the mean of an offered and bid rate, in the case of a Note the Benchmark for which relates to 
the mean of an offered and bid rate, 
in each case, in respect of deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal to the Specified Duration. 
"Relevant Time" means the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary 
to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market 
in that Relevant Financial Centre. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such currency is specified, the Specified Currency. 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means in respect of a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant 
rate of exchange is derived) between the currencies and from the source(s) and at the time in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided 
that if any source specified in the applicable Final Terms is not available or the Calculation Agent 
determines that there has been a Price Source Materiality Event, any such rate of exchange will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent using Currency - Reference Dealers Determination. 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date" means the date falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the relevant scheduled payment date in 
respect of the Notes. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency in which the Notes are denominated, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means the Interest Accrual Period. 
"Specified Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as Trade Date in the applicable Final Terms, and where no 
Trade Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trade Date shall be the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of Notes. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlements of 
payment in euro. 
4.11 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Rate of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note as determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(b). 
As from the Maturity Date, the Interest Rate for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield shown on such Note (or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 243 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 243 - 
 
 
4.12 
Interest Rate on Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes 
If the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions and/or the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate and/or Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined in accordance with the Payout Conditions and the Inflation Index-Linked 
Note Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Conditions and/or the Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions (as the case may be) in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
4.13 
Calculations in respect of Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
4.14 
Dual Currency Interest Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Dual Currency Interest Notes and the amount 
of interest calculated in respect of any period is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, it will be 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Specified Exchange Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no Specified Exchange Rate is specified, the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
on the relevant Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date. 
Any reference to "interest" in this Condition 4.14 shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
5.1 
Final Redemption 
Unless the relevant Note has previously been redeemed, purchased and cancelled (as provided below), 
such Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount will be an amount equal to: (i) 
the Calculation Amount multiplied by the percentage, or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, (A) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Note is a Dual Currency 
Redemption Note (a "Dual Currency Redemption Note"), the product of the above formula will be 
converted into the Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 5.13 below and (B) if the product of 
the Final Payout is zero, no amount will be payable on redemption of the Note. 
Unless otherwise permitted by Applicable Banking Law Regulations, Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
constituting Tier 2 Capital will have a minimum maturity of five years. 
5.2 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
If, as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or Belgium or 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof or in the interpretation 
or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
the Issuer (or, if the Guarantees were called, the Guarantor) would, on the occasion of the next payment 
date in respect of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7, the

--- Page 244 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 244 - 
 
 
relevant Issuer may (if Early Redemption for taxation reasons is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms), at its option (subject, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF, to 
Condition 5.13), on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time on giving not more than the maximum period and not less than the minimum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in 
accordance with Condition 13 redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (together, where applicable, with interest 
accrued to the date of early redemption) provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the relevant Issuer (or (in the case of Notes 
issued by BP2F) the Guarantor) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes (or the Guarantees) then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
X/N Notes, the Domiciliary Agent, in each case to make available at its specified office to the 
Noteholders, a certificate signed by two persons each of whom is a Director of the relevant Issuer 
stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of the 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred. 
5.3 
Purchases 
The Issuers, the Guarantor and any of their subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes provided 
that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any 
price. 
5.4 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note the Interest Rate of which is specified 
to be Zero Coupon upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.2 or, if applicable, 
Condition 5.5 or 5.6 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (b) below, the "Amortised Face Amount" of any such 
Note shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 4.10) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for which purpose the "Calculation Period" will be the period from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(b) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 or, if applicable, Condition 5.5 or 5.6, or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (a) above, except 
that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made (as well after

--- Page 245 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 245 - 
 
 
as before judgment), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the principal amount of such Note together 
with any interest which may accrue in accordance with Condition 4.11. 
(c) 
When determining the Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 5.2 in respect of any Note 
the Interest Rate of which is specified to be Zero Coupon: 
(i) 
the Early Redemption Amount shall be the higher of (i) Market Value 2 and (ii) the Amortised 
Face Amount; 
(ii) 
no additional cost (other than the ones that cannot be avoided to redeem the Noteholders) shall 
be charged to the Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount shall include the reimbursement from the Issuer, pro rata 
temporis (calculated from the early redemption date until the initial scheduled maturity date), 
of the costs (if any, such as the structuring costs) initially paid by the Noteholders to the Issuer 
on the Issue Date via the Issue Price. 
5.5 
Redemption at the Option of the relevant Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
This Condition 5.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons). The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to redemption at the option of the Issuer and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
5.5 for full information on any such redemption. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify 
the Issuer's Option Period, the Early Redemption Amount and any minimum or maximum amount of 
Notes which can be redeemed. The Issuer may also specify in the applicable Final Terms the estimated 
value (as of the Trade Date) of the Issuer's option to redeem pursuant to this Condition 5.5, expressed 
as a percentage of the Aggregate Principal Amount in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes (the 
"Estimated Call Option Value"). 
If so provided in the relevant Note, the relevant Issuer, or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the 
Guarantor, shall on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders effective within the Issuer's Option 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms redeem all or some only of such Notes in the principal 
amount and on the date or dates provided in such notice. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption must 
be at an amount not less than the Minimum Early Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Early Redemption Amount, in each case, as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may exercise any Issuer's option specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to all or 
some only of such Notes in the principal amount and on the date or dates provided in such notice. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the relevant Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date or dates specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a redemption or the exercise of such option in respect of some only of such Notes the 
notice to Noteholders shall also contain (where applicable) the serial numbers of the Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been selected by drawing lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent or, in the 
case of X/N Notes, the Domiciliary Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange or quotation 
system's requirements and, if applicable, the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Frankfurt (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). Notes that can be redeemed following the

--- Page 246 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 246 - 
 
 
drawing of lots will only be issued by BNPPF in compliance with Article 7:35 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations (to the extent applicable). 
In the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar shall send to each holder of Registered Notes which are 
called in whole or in part for redemption or which are the subject of any option exercised by the Issuer, 
at its address shown in the Register, a copy of such notice, together with details of such holder's 
Registered Notes called for redemption or subject to any such option and the principal amount of such 
Notes to be redeemed or the terms of the exercise of such option. 
5.6 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options 
This Condition 5.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any redemption 
at the option of the Noteholder and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.6 for full 
information on any such redemption at the option of the Noteholder. In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will identify the Noteholder's Option Period and the Early Redemption Amount. 
If so provided on the relevant Note, the relevant Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Note, redeem such Note on the date or dates so provided at its Early Redemption Amount (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (together, where applicable, with interest accrued to the date of early 
redemption). 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option which may be set out on the relevant Note 
the holder must deposit such Note with any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent within the Noteholders' Option Period (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the relevant Issuer. 
5.7 
Redemption for Significant Alteration Event (Issuer) or Force Majeure (Issuer) 
(a) 
If the Issuer determines that a Significant Alteration Event (Issuer) has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (together, where applicable, with interest 
accrued to the date of early redemption). Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Terms and Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that a Force Majeure (Issuer) has occurred, the Issuer may redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes as provided above, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent possible or 
practicable, pay an amount (if any) to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (together, where 
applicable, with interest accrued to the date of early redemption). Any payment will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 247 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 247 - 
 
 
(c) 
If this Condition 5.7(c) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Issuer 
determines that by reason of force majeure or act of state occurring after the Trade Date it becomes 
impossible or impracticable to perform, in whole or in part, its obligations under the Notes and/or any 
related hedging arrangements, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes by giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. Where no Trade Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Trade Date shall be the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. If the 
Issuer redeems the Notes as provided above, then the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder equal to the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (together, where applicable, with interest accrued to the date of early 
redemption). Any payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(d) 
If an event occurs as a result of which the Issuer may, in accordance with these Conditions, redeem 
any Notes pursuant to more than one of Conditions 5.7(a), 5.7(b) and (if applicable) 5.7(c), the Issuer 
may, subject to applicable law, redeem such Notes pursuant to any of Conditions 5.7(a), 5.7(b) and (if 
applicable) 5.7(c). 
(e) 
In these Conditions: 
"Force Majeure (Issuer)" means any force majeure, act of state, or other event or circumstance 
occurring after the Trade Date as a consequence of which the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes has become impossible through the occurrence of an external event that is not 
attributable to the Issuer, including, without limitation, it becoming illegal for the Issuer to have the 
Notes outstanding pursuant to any change in law, nationalisation or regulatory action; 
"Significant Alteration Event (Issuer)" means any event or circumstance or combination of events 
or circumstances occurring after the Trade Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but which in the 
determination of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, significantly alters the economics of the Notes as at the Trade Date where such 
event renders the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes unduly onerous or results in 
a material increase in costs incurred by the Issuer associated with the Notes as a consequence of a 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, in respect of any in tax laws, 
solvency or regulatory capital requirements), nationalisation, or regulatory action but, in each case, 
where such event does not constitute a Force Majeure (Issuer), or, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, in other similar events or circumstances that conditions would in the determination of the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, significantly 
alter the economics of the Notes as at the Trade Date. 
5.8 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Note 
which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding principal amount 
of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by the relevant Issuer and all Notes purchased (otherwise than in the ordinary 
course of business of dealing in securities or as a nominee) by or on behalf of such Issuer, (in the case 
of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor or any of their subsidiaries will be cancelled forthwith 
(together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of such Issuer and/or (in 
the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged, and

--- Page 248 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 248 - 
 
 
where such Notes are admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the Luxembourg 
Regulated Market, the Issuer will forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other 
relevant stock exchange of any such cancellation. 
5.10 
Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and "Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option, at 
any time and having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days' notice to the holders of 
the relevant Notes, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant outstanding Notes at the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest 
up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption subject to such redemption being permitted by the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, and subject to Condition 5.12. 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies giving effect to MREL. 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for banking 
institutions under the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time), as set in accordance with Article 45 of such Directive 
(as transposed in Article 267/3 of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission Delegated Regulation 
(C(2016) 2976 final) of 23 May 2016, or any successor requirement. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means at any time that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of a Series does not or will not qualify as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments under the Applicable MREL Regulations, either by reason of (i) a change in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations (or the application or official interpretation of such regulations) or (ii) 
the Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective, except where such non-qualification (a) was 
reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes or (b) is due to the remaining 
maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations or 
(c) is due to any restriction on the amount of liabilities that can count as MREL-Eligible Instruments 
or (d) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back 
of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
"MREL-Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that is eligible to be counted towards the MREL 
of the Issuer in accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations. 
5.11 
Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5.11 is applicable in relation to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF only. 
The Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.12, at its option, having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all but not some only of the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes at any time at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption if a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 249 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 249 - 
 
 
In the Terms and Conditions: 
A "Capital Disqualification Event" will occur if at any time the Issuer determines that as a result of 
a change (or prospective future change which the Relevant Regulator considers to be sufficiently 
certain) to the regulatory classification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, in any such 
case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, such Subordinated Tier 2 Notes cease (or would 
cease) to be included, in whole or in part, in, or count towards the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (other 
than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer). 
"Relevant Regulator" means the National Bank of Belgium (including, as the case may be, the 
European Central Bank) or any successor or replacement entity having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of BNPPF. 
5.12 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
This Condition 5.12 is applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued 
by BNPPF only. 
Any optional redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by 
BNPPF pursuant to Condition 5.2 or 5.5, any optional redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
pursuant to Condition 5.10, any optional redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes issued by BNPPF 
pursuant to Condition 5.11 and any purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and of Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes issued by BNPPF pursuant to Condition 5.3 is subject (in each case only if and to the extent 
then required by Applicable MREL Regulations and/or Applicable Banking Regulations) to: 
(a) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under Applicable Banking Regulations and/or 
Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable, including the prior approval of the Relevant 
Regulator (if required) or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required); 
(b) 
in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Notes proposed to be made 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of such Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, (i) in the 
case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2, the Issuer having demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority that (A) the 
change in laws or regulations as referred to in Condition 5.2 was not reasonably foreseeable 
as at the Issue Date and (B) such change is material or (ii) in the case of redemption following 
the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer having demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority that the relevant 
change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date; and 
(c) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption or 
purchase, as applicable, set out in the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or Applicable 
MREL Regulations, as applicable, for the time being or required by the Relevant Regulator or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
5.13 
Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Dual Currency Redemption Notes, any 
amount payable on the redemption of the Notes will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the 
Specified Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Specified Exchange Rate is 
specified, the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate on the relevant Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date.

--- Page 250 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 250 - 
 
 
References to "amounts payable on the redemption of the Notes" in this Condition 5.13 shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Instalment Amounts; 
(v) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5.4); 
and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
5.14 
Early Redemption Amount 
(a) 
If an Early Redemption Amount is due by the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions or the 
Additional Terms and Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount shall be the Principal 
Protected Amount, Market Value 1, Market Value 2, Market Value 3, Market Value less Costs, 
Derivative Component Market Value, Highest Value (Structured), Highest Value (Vanilla), 
Fair Market Value or an amount per Calculation Amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and in each case without prejudice to the application of Condition 5.15 below, if 
"Monetisation Option" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions and the Additional Terms and Conditions: 
(i) "Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of 
the nominal amount of the Notes or the interest amount due under the Notes in order to 
enable the Issuer to issue the Notes at the issue price and on their applicable terms. 
(ii) "Derivative Component Market Value" means the market value of the Derivative 
Component as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the actual or 
theoretical mark-to-market value of such Derivative Component taking into account the 
time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes and calculated in 
accordance with generally accepted valuation methods for such instruments in the 
financial markets, provided that: 
I. 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the 
Notes or the termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken 
into account when determining the Derivative Component Market Value; 
and 
II. 
any costs, as notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (including but 
not limited to any structuring costs) which were included in the issue price 
of the relevant Note (the "Fee Component") shall be added to the Derivative 
Component Market Value, in an amount equal to the amount of such Fee 
Component multiplied by the number of days from the Issue Date to the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date and divided by the number of days from 
the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of such Notes.

--- Page 251 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 251 - 
 
 
(iii) 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means the date on which the Issuer determines 
that the Notes will be early redeemed, such date being notified to Noteholders in the 
relevant notice of early redemption. 
(iv) 
"Fair Market Value" means the fair market value as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(v) "Highest Value (Structured)" means, the higher of Market Value 3 and the Principal 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (and provided that paragraphs 
(a) and (b) of the definition of Market Value 3 shall apply to such Highest Value 
(Structured)). 
(vi) 
"Highest Value (Vanilla)" means, the higher of Market Value 2 and the Principal 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (and provided that paragraphs 
(a) and (b) of the definition of Market Value 2 shall apply to such Highest Value 
(Vanilla)). 
(vii) 
"Market Value 1" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note (including, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amounts in respect of accrued interest), 
notwithstanding the consequences (if any) of the occurrence of any Significant Alteration 
Event (Issuer) or Force Majeure (Issuer), as the case may be, provided that, in 
determining the fair market value for the purposes of Condition 9.1, no account shall be 
taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed to be able to 
perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(viii) 
"Market Value 2" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note (including, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amounts in respect of accrued interest) 
determined by reference to: 
I. 
if the Note is actively traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading 
facility or over-the-counter market and where recent observable bid and ask 
prices are available, by reference to such prices; 
II. 
if the Note is not traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility 
or over-the-counter market and where recent observable bid and ask prices 
are not available, by reference to a generally accepted valuation method for 
such instrument in the financial markets, and 
notwithstanding the consequences (if any) of the occurrence of any Significant 
Alteration Event (Issuer) or Force Majeure (Issuer), if any and as the case may be, 
and provided that, 
(a) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the 
Notes or the termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into 
account when determining Market Value 2; 
(c) 
any costs, as notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (including but not 
limited to any structuring costs) which were included in the issue price of the 
relevant Note (the "Fee Component") shall be added to Market Value 2, in 
an amount equal to the amount of such Fee Component multiplied by the 
number of days from the Issue Date to the Early Redemption Valuation Date

--- Page 252 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 252 - 
 
 
and divided by the number of days from the Issue Date until the Maturity 
Date of such Notes; and 
(d) 
where used in relation to the calculation of an Early Redemption Amount for 
the purpose of an early redemption pursuant to Condition 9.1, no account 
shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed 
to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(ix) 
"Market Value 3" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note (including, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amounts in respect of accrued interest), 
notwithstanding the consequences (if any) of the occurrence of any Significant Alteration 
Event (Issuer) or Force Majeure (Issuer), as the case may be, which shall be the aggregate 
of (i) the present value of the present value of the savings of the Notes on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to a 
generally accepted valuation method for such instruments in the financial markets) and 
(ii) the Derivative Component Market Value, and provided that, 
(a) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the 
Notes or the termination of any hedging arrangements (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any negative value of the Derivative Component Market 
Value), shall not be taken into account when determining Market Value 3; 
(b) 
the Fee Component of the issue price of such Note shall be added to Market 
Value 3, in an amount equal to the amount of such Fee Component multiplied 
by the number of days from the Issue Date to the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and divided by the number of days from the Issue Date until the Maturity 
Date of such Notes and 
(c) 
where used in relation to the calculation of an Early Redemption Amount for 
the purpose of an early redemption pursuant to Condition 9.1, no account 
shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed 
to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(x) "Market Value less Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note (including, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amounts in respect of accrued interest) 
notwithstanding the consequences (if any) of the occurrence of any Significant Alteration 
Event (Issuer), Force Majeure (Issuer) or Administrator/Benchmark Event as the case 
may be, less (except in the case of an early redemption pursuant to Condition 9.1) the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, provided that, where used in relation to the calculation of an Early 
Redemption Amount for the purposes of Condition 9.1, no account shall be taken of the 
financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(xi) 
"Principal Protected Amount" means, in respect of a Note, the percentage of the 
principal amount of such Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(xii) 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as Trade Date in the applicable Final Terms, and 
where no Trade Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trade Date shall be 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 253 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 253 - 
 
 
5.15 
Redemption or Amendment of Notes for Administrator/Benchmark Event 
This Condition 5.15 only applies if it is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
relevant Issuer may at its option either: 
(i) if the Calculation Agent determines a continuation of the Notes is impossible or when the 
economics of the Notes have been altered significantly compared to those at the Issue 
Date, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes on the date notified by such Issuer to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at the Early Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date; or 
(ii) determine that references to the Affected Benchmark shall be deemed to be replaced by 
references to such index, benchmark or price source (the "Replacement Benchmark") 
as the Calculation Agent determines be necessary to account for the economic effect of 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event with a view to produce a commercially reasonable 
result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic 
position which they would have been in had the Administrator/Benchmark Event not 
occurred, in which case: 
(A) 
references to the Affected Benchmark shall be deemed to be replaced with 
references to such Replacement Benchmark with effect from the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Determination Date; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions as 
it determines are necessary to account for the effects on the Notes of 
referencing the Replacement Benchmark (including, without limitation, to 
any variable, margin, calculation, methodology, fallback provisions or 
payment terms). 
Notices of any redemption or amendment of the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions and the Additional Terms and Conditions: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; 
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a Relevant Benchmark or 
the administrator or sponsor of a Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or 
(iii) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a Relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each

--- Page 254 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 254 - 
 
 
case, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence 
in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason 
such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material 
change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Determination Date" means, in relation to any Relevant 
Benchmark, 
the 
date 
on 
which 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines 
that 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to such Relevant Benchmark. 
"Affected 
Benchmark" 
means 
the 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
affected 
by 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of any Relevant 
Benchmark any of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) any material change in such Relevant Benchmark; or 
(ii) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Relevant 
Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). 
"Relevant Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as 
defined in BMR, where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of 
the Notes, is determined in whole or in partby reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5.16 
Monetisation Option 
(a) 
If "Monetisation Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and 
an event occurs as a consequence of which the Issuer exercises its right to redeem the Notes 
at the applicable Early Redemption Amount, the Noteholder shall receive, on the Maturity 
Date (and notwithstanding the early redemption notice) the Monetisation Amount, unless the 
Noteholder elects, in accordance with this Condition 5.16, to receive the Early Redemption 
Amount on the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes. 
(b) 
If Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Issuer must include the following: 
(i) the cut-off date and time for each Noteholder to elect for the Early Redemption Amount on 
the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes; 
(ii) the Early Redemption Amount Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount; 
(iv) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount.; 
(v) the instructions to allow such Noteholder to make such allocation, substantially in accordance 
with paragraph (c) below; and

--- Page 255 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 255 - 
 
 
(vi) 
a confirmation that, in the absence of making an election to receive the Early Redemption 
Amount, such Noteholder shall receive the Monetisation Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(c) 
To make a valid election to receive the Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for Early 
Redemption of the Notes, a Noteholder must no later than the cut-off date and time set out in 
the Issuer's notice of early redemption, give notice to the Registrar, Fiscal Agent or 
Domiciliary Agent, as the case may be of such election. The Noteholder must also deposit the 
relevant Note or provide evidence satisfactory to the Registrar, Fiscal Agent or the 
Domiciliary Agent, as the case may be, of its ownership of such Note. 
For the purposes of these Conditions and the Additional Terms and Conditions: 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Note, the higher of (i) the Principal Protected 
Amount and (ii) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) x (1 + r)n 
Where: 
"S" is the present value of the Principal Protected Amount of the Notes on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to a generally 
accepted valuation method for such instruments in the financial markets); 
"D" is the Derivative Component Market Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical 
debt instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same maturity 
as the remaining maturing on the Notes from the date of early redemption until the scheduled 
maturity date of the Notes; and 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, expressed as a number 
of years. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
6.1 
Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment 
Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for 
payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6.6(e)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 6.6(f)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by transfer to an account denominated in that Settlement Currency with, a bank in 
the principal financial centre of that Settlement Currency provided that (a) in the case of Rouble, the 
transfer may be to a Rouble account or on an account which accepts Rouble payments (b) in the case 
of euro, the transfer may be to a euro account or on an account which accepts euro payments and (c) in 
the case of Japanese yen, the transfer will be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with an authorised 
foreign exchange bank (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan). 
All payments in euro of principal or interest under the Dematerialised Notes issued by BNPPF shall 
be made through the Domiciliary Agent and the NBB–SSS in accordance with the NBB Clearing 
System Regulations and the Clearing Agreements. The payment obligations of BNPPF will be 
discharged by payment to the NBB in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 256 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 256 - 
 
 
All payments in any currency other than euro of principal or interest owing under the Dematerialised 
Notes issued by BNPPF shall be made through the Domiciliary Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Frankfurt (in accordance with the rules thereof and in accordance with the NBB Clearing 
System Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement). Any payment on X/N Notes in foreign 
currencies will be made by the Domiciliary Agent based on the notification by the NBB, on the 
morning of the Brussels Business Day preceding such relevant payment date, of the principal amounts 
of the Notes recorded in accounts in the name of NBB participants at the end of the previous Brussels 
Business Day. "Brussels Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open for business in Brussels. 
6.2 
Registered Notes 
(a) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6.2 shall include final Instalment 
Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes will be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents 
or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above. 
(b) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6.2 shall include all Instalment Amounts other than 
final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and/or any other relevant clearing system are open for business) before the due date for 
payment thereof (the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note will be made in 
the Settlement Currency in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above. 
6.3 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Settlement Currency of any Bearer Notes or Dematerialised 
Notes is U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (a) the relevant Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (b) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (c) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the relevant Issuer, adverse tax consequence to such Issuer. 
6.4 
Payments subject to law 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (a) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the 
relevant Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (b) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
6.5 
Appointment of Agents 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed 
by the Issuers and the Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying

--- Page 257 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 257 - 
 
 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuers will at all times maintain (a) a Fiscal 
Agent, (b) a Principal Paying Agent, (c) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (d) at least a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes having a specified office in a European city outside 
Belgium (and, so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the 
Luxembourg Regulated Market and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, a Transfer Agent with a registered office 
in Luxembourg and/or such other place as may be required by the rules of any such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), (e) a Calculation Agent where the Terms and 
Conditions so require one and (f) at least a Paying Agent having a specified office in a European city 
outside Belgium (and, so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on 
the Luxembourg Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, a Paying Agent able to ensure financial 
service of the Notes in Luxembourg and/or, so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, such other place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of any such other competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system). 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in respect of any Bearer Notes in respect of which the Settlement Currency is U.S. dollars 
in the circumstances described in Condition 6.3 above. 
For as long as any Notes issued by BNPPF and cleared through the NBB–SSS, BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV, in its capacity as Domiciliary Agent, has agreed in the Agency Agreement to perform all its 
duties and obligations under the Clearing Agreements and has undertaken (a) to remain a participant 
in such NBB–SSS and (b) to appoint an appropriate substitute agent which will assume all such duties 
and obligations should BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV no longer be able to do so. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.6 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(a) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of that amount 
of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
will be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount (or Early Redemption Amount or other amount 
payable on redemption of the Notes, as the case may be) due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(b) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, unmatured Coupons 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them.

--- Page 258 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 258 - 
 
 
(c) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(d) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating 
to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(e) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons and any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the relevant Issuer may require. 
(f) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued 
from the preceding Interest Payment Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, 
shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest 
accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of 
such Note against presentation thereof. 
6.7 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means (i) a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (a) in the case of Notes in 
definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation, (b) such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
"Business Day Jurisdictions" on the Note and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, a day on which 
the NBB–SSS is open and (iii) either: 
(a) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant currency (which if the relevant currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or 
(b) 
in the case of a payment in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
For the purposes of the above, where "TARGET2", "TARGET" or "TARGET Settlement Day" is 
specified as a Business Day Jurisdiction in the relevant Final Terms, any Business Day shall also be a 
TARGET Settlement Day. 
6.8 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of X/N Notes, the Domiciliary Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
6.9 
FX Disruption Event 
(i) If on (A) any Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date or (B) (other than in the 
case of a FX Disruption Event which is a Dual Exchange Rate Event, Illiquidity 
Disruption or an Unscheduled Holiday) if a Specified Exchange Rate is specified in the

--- Page 259 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 259 - 
 
 
applicable Final Terms, the second Business Day prior to the due date for payment of any 
amount calculated using such Specified Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent 
determines that a FX Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting it will give notice 
(a "FX Disruption Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon 
as reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to the relevant due date for 
payment of the relevant amount to be calculated using such Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate or Specified Exchange Rate, as applicable. 
(ii) Following the occurrence of a FX Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant amount to be calculated using the Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate or Specified Exchange Rate, as applicable, will be 
postponed to the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that a FX Disruption Event is no longer subsisting 
or (ii) the day falling thirty (30) calendar days following the scheduled due date for 
payment of such amount (the "Postponed DE Payment Date") which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount in the Settlement 
Currency on the Postponed DE Payment Date or (ii) in the case of (A)(ii) above, 
subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) in lieu of paying the relevant amount in the 
Settlement Currency, the Issuer will pay the relevant unconverted amount in the 
Specified Currency (each a "Specified Currency Amount") on the Postponed DE 
Payment Date. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer elects to pay the Specified Currency Amount as provided in paragraph (ii)(B) 
above it may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (an "Issuer Account Information Notice") requesting from each 
Noteholder such information as it deems appropriate in order to pay the Specified 
Currency Amount to such Noteholder (including, inter alios, account information into 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Specified Currency Amount 
may be paid). Upon receipt of an Issuer Account Information Notice, each Noteholder 
must deliver to the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (v) below, with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent, a notice (a "Noteholder Account Information 
Notice") not later than the cut-off date specified in the applicable Final Terms following 
receipt of the Issuer Account Information Notice (the "Account Information Cut-off 
Date") specifying details of an account in which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the relevant Specified Currency Amount may be paid. If any Noteholder fails to 
deliver a valid Noteholder Account Information Notice by the Account Information Cut-
off Date, the Issuer will pay or cause to be paid the relevant Specified Currency Amount 
as soon as practicable following receipt of the relevant Noteholder Account Information 
Notice, provided that if any Noteholder fails to deliver a Noteholder Account 
Information Notice prior to the final cut-off date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Final Account Information Cut-off Date"), the Issuer shall be discharged from its 
obligation to pay to such Noteholder the Specified Currency Amount and shall have no 
further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(iv) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that it is unlawful, impossible or not 
possible using commercially reasonable efforts due to circumstances outside the control 
of the Issuer to pay any Specified Currency Amount (other than as a result of the failure 
to deliver a Noteholder Account Information Notice, if applicable) on the due date for 
payment thereof (a "Non-Transferability Event"), the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 that such due date for payment has been

--- Page 260 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 260 - 
 
 
postponed until the first date on which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the 
relevant Non-Transferability Event is no longer subsisting. 
(v) Any Noteholder Account Information Notice from a Noteholder to the Calculation Agent will 
be validly given if delivered in writing to the Calculation Agent at the address specified 
for such purposes in the applicable Final Terms. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day when delivered or if delivered after 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
any day or on any day on which commercial banks were not open for business in London, 
the first day thereafter on which commercial banks are open for business in London. The 
relevant Noteholder must provide satisfactory evidence to the Calculation Agent of its 
holding of the relevant Notes. 
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period will be adjusted 
as a result of the postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 6.9, 
and no additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for 
payment. 
(vii) 
For these purposes "FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(A) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(B) 
a Dual Exchange Rate Event; 
(C) 
an Illiquidity Disruption; or 
(D) 
an Unscheduled Holiday. 
Where: 
"Dual Exchange Rate Event" means, with respect to any Settlement Currency Exchange Rate, that 
the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate or any component rate of exchange thereof splits into dual or 
multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means, in relation to a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate, the occurrence 
of an event on a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date (or, if different, the day on 
which rates for that Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the relevant price source) which makes it impossible to obtain 
a firm quote of the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate for an amount to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent (either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, 
when taken together, total such amount determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Inconvertibility Event" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has the 
effect of it being impossible, illegal or not possible using commercially reasonable efforts for, or has 
the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates, in each case, for reasons outside the control of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (I) to 
convert the Specified Currency into the Settlement Currency through customary legal channels; (II) to 
effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents of the Reference 
Jurisdiction; or (III) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate funds (in the Specified 
Currency or the Settlement Currency) from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts 
outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction. 
"Reference Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 261 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 261 - 
 
 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of any Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation 
Date, any date on which such date is not a Business Day and the market was not aware of such fact 
(by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a 
time later than 9.00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency or 
Settlement Currency (which, if the Specified Currency or Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) two Business Days prior to such day. 
6.10 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
The Condition 6.10 does not apply to Dual Currency Interest Notes or Dual Currency Redemption 
Notes. 
If the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, FX 
Settlement Disruption will apply, and: 
(a) 
If, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to the 
relevant Disrupted Payment Date. 
(b) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed to (i) the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date 
falling thirty (30) calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the 
relevant Disrupted Amount (the "FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount, less, 
if "Deduction of FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the Settlement Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of (A)(ii) above, in lieu of 
paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in the relevant Settlement Currency, the Issuer 
will, subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into 
the FX Settlement Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption 
Exchange Rate for the relevant Disrupted Payment Date) and will pay the relevant 
Disrupted Amount, less, if "Deduction of FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), 
in the FX Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off 
Date. 
(c) 
If sub-paragraph (b)(A)(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Settlement 
Disruption Exchange Rate in accordance with the following procedures: 
(A) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Settlement 
Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates provided by two or 
more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) on such day; or

--- Page 262 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 262 - 
 
 
(B) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer 
Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates on such day, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate 
in its discretion. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period will be adjusted as a 
result of the postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 6.10, and no 
additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition 6.10 shall prevent the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent from determining that an Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, the provisions of Inflation 
Index-Linked Note Condition 4.7 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 7, 
as applicable, shall prevail in the event of any conflict between such Conditions and this 
Condition 6.10. 
(f) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if any) (each a "Disrupted 
Amount"); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means either USD or EUR, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it 
unlawful, impossible or not possible using commercially reasonable efforts due to 
circumstances outside the control of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to pay any 
Disrupted Amount in the Settlement Currency on the scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the 
Settlement Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions 
of sub-paragraph (c) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Notes and (ii) any transaction, 
settlement or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement 
Disruption Event or the related payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos ("ARS"), 
Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini 
Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars 
("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Czech Koruna ("CZK"), Danish 
Kroner ("DKK"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong 
Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kunas ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah 
("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), 
Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani 
Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds ("LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian 
Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars 
("NAD"), Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars 
("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine Pesos

--- Page 263 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 263 - 
 
 
("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei ("RON"), Russian 
Roubles ("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kroner ("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars 
("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY") and South 
African Rand ("ZAR"). 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by the 
relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) (if the Guarantees were called) the Guarantor 
will be made without deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of (in the 
case of BP2F) Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having the power to tax or, where applicable, (in the case of BNPPF or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) Belgium or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, and unless 
the provisions of this Condition 7 are specified not to apply in the relevant Final Terms and subject as 
provided below, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts of principal or interest received by the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or, as the case may be, the Couponholders after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable under the Terms 
and Conditions in respect of the Notes, Receipts or, as the case may be, Coupons by the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and (if applicable) the Couponholders in the absence of such deduction or withholding. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the previous sentence, no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
issued by BNPPF, where such Note, Receipt or Coupon is not cleared through the NBB–SSS; 
or 
(b) 
issued by BNPPF where such Note, Receipt or Coupon is cleared through the NBB–SSS, and 
where such deduction or withholding is imposed or levied because the holder (or the beneficial 
owner) is not an Eligible Investor (as defined below) (unless that person was an Eligible 
Investor at the time of its acquisition of the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon and has since 
ceased from being an Eligible Investor by reason of a change in the Belgian tax laws or 
regulations or in the interpretation or application thereof), or is an Eligible Investor but is not 
holding the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon in an exempt securities account with a qualifying 
clearing system in accordance with the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain 
securities; or 
(c) 
presented for payment in Belgium; or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by placing such Note, Receipt or Coupon in safe custody with a Belgian bank and by making 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder where such holder is liable to such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with 
Belgium other than by reason only of the holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon or the 
receipt of the relevant payment in respect thereof; or 
(f) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day; or

--- Page 264 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 264 - 
 
 
(g) 
issued by BP2F, where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an 
individual or a residual entity and is required to be made pursuant to the Relibi Law 
introducing a 20 per cent. withholding tax as regards Luxembourg resident individuals. 
As used in the Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect thereof first became due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding 
is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions (for those Notes that are not Dematerialised Notes) or in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes, on the relevant date for payment, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation (or in respect of Dematerialised Notes, on the relevant 
date for payment), "Eligible Investor" means from time to time a person who is allowed to hold 
securities through a so called "X account" (being an account exempted from withholding tax) in the 
NBB–SSS in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994, as amended or 
replaced from time to time. References in the Terms and Conditions to (a) "principal" shall be deemed 
to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it, (b) "interest" shall be deemed 
to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (c) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition. For Belgian tax purposes, "interest" 
has the meaning set out under "Belgian Taxation" above. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes, Guarantees, 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) will be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 above) in respect thereof. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer securities, as 
amended (the "Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996") requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition 
has been filed in relation to any Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons and (ii) the Bearer Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary 
Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is payable under the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons, 
but has not yet been paid to the Noteholders or Couponholders, must be paid to the Caisse de 
Consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Bearer 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons occurs. 
9. 
Events of Default 
9.1 
Notes other than Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
This Condition 9.1 is applicable in relation to all Senior Notes and Senior Preferred Notes. 
If any one or more of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder 
of any Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of X/N Notes, the Domiciliary 
Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable (provided that no such notice 
may be given if the Issuer has given a notice of early redemption of such Notes pursuant to Condition 
5.7(a), 5.7(b) or (if applicable) (c), whereupon the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, together with accrued interest to the date of payment, shall become 
immediately due and payable unless prior to the date that such written notice is received by the Fiscal

--- Page 265 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 265 - 
 
 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Domiciliary Agent, the relevant Issuer or, where applicable, the 
Guarantor shall have cured or the relevant Issuer or, where applicable, the Guarantor shall otherwise 
have made good all Events of Default in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
default in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them 
and such default continuing for a period of 30 days; or 
(b) 
default by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor in the 
due performance or observance of any other obligation, condition or other provision under or 
in relation to the Notes or the Guarantees, as the case may be, if such default is not cured 
within 45 days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Domiciliary Agent 
of written notice thereof given by any Noteholder requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
default by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor in the 
payment of the principal of, or premium or prepayment charge (if any) or interest on, any other 
loan indebtedness of or assumed or guaranteed by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes 
issued by BP2F) the Guarantor (which indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount of at 
least EUR 50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), when and as the 
same shall become due and payable, if such default shall continue for more than the period of 
grace, if any, originally applicable thereto, or in the event that any loan indebtedness of or 
assumed by the relevant Issuer or (in the Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor (which 
indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount of at least EUR 50,000,000 or its equivalent 
in any other currency or currencies), shall have become repayable before the due date thereof 
as a result of acceleration of maturity caused by the occurrence of an event of default 
thereunder; or 
(d) 
the relevant Issuer is dissolved or wound up or otherwise ceases to exist prior to the redemption 
of all outstanding Notes or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor is dissolved 
or wound up or otherwise ceases to exist prior to the redemption of all outstanding Notes, 
except as a result of a Permitted Reorganisation, or the relevant Issuer ceases to be subsidiary 
of the Guarantor (save in the case of a substitution pursuant to Condition 10.4 where the 
substitute is the Guarantor or the Issuer is BNPPF); or 
(e) 
the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor becomes insolvent, 
is unable to pay its debts generally (or in the case of BNPPF as relevant Issuer or as (in the 
case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor, is in staking van betaling/cessation de paiements 
(suspension of payments)) as they fall due, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a material part of its debts or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its 
business, or proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with 
or for the benefit of its creditors, or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting 
all or a material part of the indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued 
by BP2F) the Guarantor, or if the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the 
Guarantor commences a voluntary case or other proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, consents to the entry of an order for 
relief in any involuntary case or other proceeding under any such law as to the appointment of 
or the taking possession by a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, assignee, sequestrator or 
similar official of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor 
or of any substantial part of its property or as the winding up or liquidation of the relevant 
Issuer, or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) if the Guarantor applies for a 
liquidation/vereffening (liquidation) or faillite/faillissement (bankruptcy) or any procedures 
having similar or equivalent effect shall have been initiated in respect of the relevant Issuer or 
(in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor; or

--- Page 266 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 266 - 
 
 
(f) 
a court having jurisdiction in the premises enters a decree or order for relief in respect of the 
relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor in an involuntary case 
or other proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or 
hereafter in effect, or appointing a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, assignee, 
sequestrator or other similar official of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by 
BP2F) the Guarantor or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or 
liquidation of its affairs, and any such decree or order continues unstayed in effect for a period 
of 30 consecutive days; or 
(g) 
it becomes unlawful for the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the 
Guarantor to perform any of their respective obligations under the Notes or the Guarantees, or 
any of their obligations ceases to be valid, binding or enforceable; or 
(h) 
the Guarantees are not or are claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect in 
accordance with their terms. 
In this Condition: 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means an amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other 
similar arrangement entered into by the Guarantor under which: 
(i) 
the whole of the business, undertaking and assets of the Guarantor are transferred to and all 
the liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor are assumed by the new or surviving entity 
either: 
(A) 
automatically by operation of applicable law; or 
(B) 
the new or surviving entity assumes all the obligations of the Guarantor under the 
terms of the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Guarantees as fully as if it had 
been named in the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Guarantees in place of the 
Guarantor; and, in either case, 
(ii) 
the new or surviving entity will immediately after such amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement be subject to a European Union regulatory 
authority. 
Any such notice by a Noteholder to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of X/N Notes, the Domiciliary 
Agent shall specify the serial number(s) of the Note(s) concerned. 
9.2 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Enforcement 
This Condition 9.2 is applicable in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes. 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 
days or more after the due date any holder may, without further notice, institute proceedings for the 
dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer. 
In the event of the dissolution or liquidation (other than on a solvent basis) of the relevant Issuer, any 
holder may give notice to the relevant Issuer that the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Note or 
Subordinated Tier 2 Note is, and shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable 
at its principal amount, together with interest accrued to the date of repayment.

--- Page 267 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 267 - 
 
 
No remedy against the relevant Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 9.2 shall be available 
to the holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or in respect of any breach by the 
relevant Issuer of any of its obligations under or in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
issued by BNPPF waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law (i) all rights whatsoever pursuant to 
Article 1184 of the Old Belgian Civil Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal 
proceedings for the recission (ontbinding/résolution) of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, as applicable, and (ii) to the extent applicable, all their rights whatsoever 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, as applicable, pursuant 
to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. 
10. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modifications, Substitution, Waivers and Determinations 
10.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
In the case of Notes issued by BP2F, the Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Notes (including the Terms and Conditions in so far as the same may apply to such 
Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether present or not at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution 
and on all relevant Couponholders subject to applicable laws, except that any Extraordinary Resolution 
proposed, inter alia, (1) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment 
Date or any date for payment of interest thereon, (2) to reduce or cancel the principal amount or any 
Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (3) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in the respect thereof, (4) if there is 
shown on the face of the Notes a Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, to reduce 
such Minimum Interest Rate and or Maximum Interest Rate, (5) to change any method of calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, to 
change the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (6) to change the currency or currencies 
of payment of the Notes, (7) to cancel or change the provisions of any Guarantee, (8) to take any steps 
which the relevant Note specifies may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply or (9) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (or at any adjournment 
thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Agency Agreement) is present. The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three quarters of the votes cast 
on such resolution, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three 
quarters in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three quarters in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Articles 470-3 to 470–19 of the Companies 
Act 1915 are hereby excluded. 
(b) 
In the case of Notes issued by BNPPF, the Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of 
Noteholders (the "Meeting Provisions") to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the

--- Page 268 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 268 - 
 
 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined below) of a modification of any of these Terms 
and Conditions. 
Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of the applicable Terms and Conditions. Any such 
modification or waiver may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any such modification or waiver shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. An 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Meeting Provisions by a majority of at 
least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
A meeting of Noteholders will be entitled (subject to the consent of the Issuer) to modify or waive any 
provision of the applicable Terms and Conditions (including any proposal (1) to modify the maturity 
of the Notes or the dates on which interest is payable in respect of the Notes, (2) to reduce or cancel 
the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes, (3) to change the currency of payment of the Notes, 
or (4) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders) in 
accordance with the quorum and majority requirements set out in the Meeting Provisions. Resolutions 
duly passed in accordance with these provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting and whether or not they vote in favour of such a resolution. 
Convening notices for meetings of the Noteholders shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Provisions. 
10.2 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuers and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so 
could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
10.3 
Modification upon Significant Alteration Event (Issuer) or Force Majeure (Issuer) 
If this Condition 10.3 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if a Significant 
Alteration Event (Issuer) or a Force Majeure (Issuer) has occurred and the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent reasonably considers that, subject to any changes being made to these Conditions or the 
Additional Terms and Conditions, it is possible for the Issuer to continue the Notes under similar 
conditions as those that existed prior to the occurrence of the Significant Alteration Event (Issuer) or 
Force Majeure (Issuer), the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make such changes to the terms 
of the Notes (including, but not limited to, the yield, underlying, the level of underlying, maturity date, 
early redemption date, the date on which any interest is payable or a calculation, valuation or 
determination is made) as it deems necessary to effect to replicate as closely as possible the economic 
position that existed prior to the occurrence of the Significant Alteration Event (Issuer) or Force 
Majeure (Issuer) provided that no costs will be payable by Noteholders in respect of or as a result of 
any such adjustment made. 
10.4 
Substitution 
(a) 
Substitution Events 
(i) 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, shall constitute a "Substitution Event":

--- Page 269 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 269 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a divestment in respect of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the cancellation, suspension or revocation of any relevant authorisation or licence of 
the Issuer or, in relation to Notes issued by BP2F, the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory authority; 
(iv) 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in respect of the 
Issuer or, in relation to Notes issued by BP2F, the Guarantor, as the case may be, with 
or into another entity or person; 
(v) 
a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain a controlling stake in the Issuer 
or, in relation to Notes issued by BP2F, the Guarantor, as the case may be; or 
(vi) 
any other event affecting the relevant Issuer or, in relation to Notes issued by BP2F, 
the Guarantor, as the case may be, pursuant to which substitution is permissible in 
accordance with the regulations of any stock exchange, any applicable law or 
regulation in force in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, or any applicable law or regulation in force in the jurisdiction in which the 
securities are offered. 
(b) 
Substitution Conditions 
A substitution of the Issuer pursuant to sub-condition (c) below may only occur following a 
Substitution Event if the following conditions (the "Substitution Conditions") are satisfied: 
(i) 
the Issuer confirms that there are no payment arrears in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts or the Coupons and that there is no indication that payments will imminently 
be in arrears or that there may be any issues in making any payments in respect of the 
Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons; 
(ii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure 
that the Notes represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having 
been taken, fulfilled and done and being in full force and effect; 
(iii) 
the Substitute becomes party to the Agency Agreement (unless the Substitute is 
already a party to the Agency Agreement) with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer has given at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 270 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 270 - 
 
 
(c) 
Substitution (Issuer) 
An Issuer, or any previous Substitute, may following the occurrence of a Substitution Event, 
but is not obliged to, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute 
for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons any 
company (the "Substitute") which is the Guarantor (save where such Issuer is BNPPF), 
BNPP, or any of the consolidated subsidiaries of BNPP (the "BNP Paribas Group"). 
The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder 
and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is 
imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the 
Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon and which would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(ii) 
where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll; 
(iii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll and the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed Poll (where the Substitute is 
not the Guarantor), of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in 
full force and effect; 
(iv) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(v) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care 
of the Fiscal Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice 
in each jurisdiction referred to in (i) above and in England that the Deed Poll, the 
Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, Coupons and Talons) represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, where the Substitute 
is not the Guarantor, of the Guarantor; 
(vi) 
the relevant Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution 
to the Noteholders, stating that copies or, pending execution, the agreed text of all 
documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for 
inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents; 
(vii) 
the creditworthiness of the Substitute at such time being at least equal to the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer (or of any previous Substitute), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to, inter alia, the long term senior debt ratings (if any) 
assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service 
Ltd. and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, or any successor rating agency or agencies

--- Page 271 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 271 - 
 
 
thereto, or such other rating agency as the Calculation Agent determines to the 
Substitute or, as the case may be, to the Issuer (or to any previous Substitute); 
(viii) 
the Issuer has obtained from the Substitute an undertaking that the substitution will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and that it will not 
deduct any costs relating to the substitution from amounts due to the Holder 
References in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events 
listed in Condition 9 shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by 
the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. The Issuer and the Substitute shall also notify 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in respect of such a substitution, procure that a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus be prepared (if required) and comply with the relevant rules and 
regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or such other competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system on which the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation. 
Where the Substitute is the Guarantor, any substitution of the Guarantor as the Issuer shall not 
result in an Event of Default under Condition 9.1(h). 
For the purposes of article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil code, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Notes or the Coupons, are 
deemed (i) to have expressly consented to any substitution of BP2F effected in accordance 
with this Condition 10.4 and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect 
of the Notes; and (ii) to have accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof or/and 
with any local requirement in the jurisdiction(s) where all or some of the outstanding Notes 
have been offered, placed or distributed. 
(d) 
Substitution (Guarantor) 
BNPPF or any company previously substituted for it in accordance with this sub-condition 
(d), in each case as Guarantor in respect of any Notes ("Existing Guarantor") may, following 
the occurrence of a Substitution Event, but is not obliged to, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, substitute another company in the BNP Paribas Group (the "Substitute 
Guarantor") for itself in its capacity as Existing Guarantor, subject to: 
(i) 
the creditworthiness of the Substitute Guarantor at such time being at least equal to 
the creditworthiness of BNPPF (or of any previous Substitute under this Condition), 
as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to, inter alia, the long term senior 
debt ratings (if any) assigned by S&P and/or Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and/or 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, or any successor rating agency or agencies thereto, or 
such other rating agency as the Calculation Agent determines to the Substitute 
Guarantor or, as the case may be, to BNPPF (or to any previous Substitute under this 
Condition); 
(ii) 
the Substitute Guarantor having entered into a guarantee (the "Substitute 
Guarantee") in respect of the Notes in substantially the same form as the relevant 
BNPPF Note Guarantees and such other documents (if any) as may be necessary to 
give full effect to the substitution (the "Documents") and (without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substitute Guarantor shall 
undertake in favour of each Noteholder to be bound by these Terms and Conditions 
and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substitute Guarantor

--- Page 272 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 272 - 
 
 
had been named in these Terms and Conditions, the Documents and the Agency 
Agreement as the guarantor in respect of the Notes in place of BNPPF (or of any 
previous Substitute under this Condition); 
(iii) 
the Substitute Guarantee and the Documents having been delivered to BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger 
Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg) to be held by 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the 
Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg) for 
so long as any Notes remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against 
the Substitute Guarantor or the Issuer by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes, the 
Substitute Guarantee or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled 
or discharged, provided that, as soon as practicable following the Merger Date, any 
such Substitute Guarantee and Documents will be transferred by BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch to BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg 
to be held on the same terms; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed having confirmed that following 
the proposed substitution of the Substitute Guarantor (or of any previous Substitute 
under this Condition) it will continue to list the Notes; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute Guarantor having appointed a process agent as its agent 
in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the Substitute Guarantee; 
(vi) 
BNPPF (or any previous Substitute under this Condition) having given at least 30 
days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 
(vii) 
BNPPF (or any previous Substitute under this Condition) confirming that there are no 
payments in arrears and that there is no indication that payments will imminently be 
in arrears or that there may be any issues in making payments in respect of principal 
and interest (if any); and 
(viii) 
BNPPF (or any previous Substitute under this Condition) having obtained from the 
Substitute Guarantor an undertaking that the substitution will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders and that it will not deduct any costs relating 
to the substitution from amounts due to the Noteholder. 
10.5 
Exclusion of termination condition (condition résolutoire) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may initiate proceedings 
against BP2F based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
10.6 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Variation 
This Condition 10.6 is applicable in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes issued by BNPPF only. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes the Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms that 
a MREL Disqualification Event Variation is applicable. Where such MREL Disqualification Event 
Variation is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and the Issuer has satisfied the Fiscal

--- Page 273 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 273 - 
 
 
Agent that a MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 5.10) has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the other provisions of this Condition 10.6 (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders (subject to the notice requirements below)) 
vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes then outstanding so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities. 
In the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which have a minimum Specified Denomination of EUR 
100,000 or more the Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms that a Capital Disqualification 
Event Variation is applicable. Where such Capital Disqualification Event Variation is specified in the 
Final Terms as being applicable and the Issuer has satisfied the Fiscal Agent that a Capital 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 5.11) has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer 
may, subject to the other provisions of this Condition 10.6 (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders (subject to the notice requirements below)) vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Securities. 
In connection with any variation in accordance with this Condition 10.6, the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any variation in accordance with this Condition 10.6 is subject to the Issuer (i) obtaining the 
permission therefor from the Relevant Regulator (if required) or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if 
required), provided that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given; and (ii) giving 
not less than 30 and not more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 
13, which notice shall be irrevocable. Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner 
in which such variation shall take place and where the holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, as applicable. 
As used in this Condition 10.6: 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
rank equally with the ranking of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes); 
(b) 
have terms not materially less favourable than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes) or the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (in the case of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an 
independent investment bank of international standing, and provided that a certification to 
such effect of two Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior 
to the issue of the relevant securities), provided that such securities: 
(i) 
contain terms such that they comply with the then Applicable Banking Regulation in 
relation to Tier 2 Capital (in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or that they comply 
with the then Applicable MREL Regulations (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes); 
(ii) 
do not contain terms which would cause a MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or (in either case) a Tax Event to occur as a result of such 
variation; 
(iii) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder's perspective, more 
favourable) Interest Rate from time to time, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and 
Early Redemption Amount(s) as apply from time to time to the relevant Series of Senior

--- Page 274 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 274 - 
 
 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, as applicable, immediately prior to 
such variation; 
(iv) 
shall preserve any existing rights under the Terms and Conditions to any accrued interest, 
principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; 
(v) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of 
principal and/or interest; and 
(vi) 
are otherwise not materially less favourable to Noteholders; 
(c) 
if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which have been varied 
were listed on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility, such securities are listed on 
the same regulated market or multilateral trading facility or on such other regulated market in 
the European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer (if such securities were listed on a 
regulated market) or on such other multilateral trading facility in the European Economic Area 
as selected by the Issuer (if such securities were listed on a multilateral trading facility); and 
(d) 
where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which have been 
varied had a published rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their variation each 
such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published rating to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
immediately prior to such variation. 
10.7 
Determinations 
Unless otherwise specified, the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion 
required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised pursuant to the Terms and Conditions will 
be calculated, determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent. In performing its duties 
pursuant to the Notes, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent shall, unless otherwise specified, act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the 
Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the 
Notes shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall, in the 
absence of wilful misconduct and/or gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent 
upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
Any calculation, determination, formation of any opinion or exercise of any discretion by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Notes shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final, conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Noteholders. Whenever the Calculation 
Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal 
interpretation to the extent permitted under applicable law. 
The Calculation Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) will have no responsibility for good faith 
errors or omissions in any calculations made or provided by the Calculation Agent to the extent 
permitted under applicable law. The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent will be 
made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions having regard, in each case, to the relevant criteria 
stipulated in the Terms and Conditions and, where relevant, on the basis of information provided to or 
obtained by it and after such further enquiries as it deems necessary. 
In case the Calculation Agent is required to, or permitted by, these Conditions and/or any Additional 
Terms and Conditions to exercise certain discretions in relation to the Notes (in accordance with these

--- Page 275 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 275 - 
 
 
Conditions and/or any Additional Terms and Conditions), and which discretions may include, without 
limitation, determinations or adjustments relating to the yield, underlying, the level of underlying, 
maturity date, early redemption date, the date on which any interest is payable or a calculation, 
valuation or determination is made, the Calculation Agent will, in exercising such discretions, act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and, where such discretion has an impact on the 
terms of any Notes, exercise such discretion with a view to replicate as closely as possible the 
economic position that existed prior to the occurrence of the event giving rise to the exercise of such 
discretion. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws and the regulations of the relevant competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system, at the specified office of such Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the relevant Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs reasonably incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the relevant Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by such Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as such 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. The replacement of the Bearer Notes or Coupons in the case of 
loss or theft shall be subject to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further notes having the same Terms and Conditions as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the date from which 
interest starts to accrue and the date of issue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with such Notes, and references in the Terms and Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
13.1 
Dematerialised Notes 
Save where another means of effective communication has been specified herein or in the relevant 
Final Terms and subject to Condition 13.2 below, notices in respect of Dematerialised Notes may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to the NBB–SSS for communication by it to entitled holders. 
If such delivery is not practicable, notices will be deemed to be validly given if published as provided 
in Condition 13.3 below. 
13.2 
Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
So long as any Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system, notices to the Noteholders will, save where another means of 
effective communication has been specified herein or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the relevant 
Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if:

--- Page 276 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 276 - 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (so long as such Notes are admitted to listing on the official list and to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and any applicable laws, rules or regulations so require), 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu), and/or in such other manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules 
and regulations from time to time; and/or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if published in such manner as may be 
required by the applicable laws, rules and regulations of that competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system from time to time. 
13.3 
In any other cases 
Where both Condition 13.1 and Condition 13.2 are inapplicable, notices will, save where another 
means of effective communication has been specified herein or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, in 
the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper 
having general circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or, 
if such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe. 
13.4 
General 
For the avoidance of doubt, where both Condition 13.1 and Condition 13.2 apply, notices must be 
given in the manner specified in Condition 13.1 and Condition 13.2 in order to be deemed to be validly 
given. 
Notices to Noteholders of any Notes may, at the sole discretion of the Issuer and solely for 
informational purposes, also be published on the website of the Issuer and/or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes only, of any other entity specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any notice will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date and time of such notification (or, if required to be notified in more than one 
manner, on the first date on which notification shall have been made in all required manners). 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice validly 
given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under the Terms and Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the 
"second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment 
given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written 
demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of 
business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.

--- Page 277 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 277 - 
 
 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
15. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in the Terms and Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being 
rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal 
places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
16.1 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law except for (a) in the case of 
Notes issued by BP2F, Condition 3.5 and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith which shall be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Luxembourg law and 
Condition 3.6 and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith which shall 
be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Belgian law and (b) in the case of Notes 
issued by BNPPF, Conditions 1.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5 and 10.1(b) and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith which shall be governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with Belgian law. 
Guarantees to which Condition 3.2 applies and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by English law. 
Guarantees to which Condition 3.6 applies and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Belgian law. 
16.2 
Jurisdiction 
Subject as provided below in this Condition 16.2, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the 
Talons including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons 
(a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16.2, each of the Issuers and the Guarantor waive any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (A) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (B) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 278 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 278 - 
 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and to the extent that any 
proceedings in respect of the Notes involve consumers (as such term is used in Regulation (EU) No 
1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and 
the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the "Brussels Recast 
Regulation")), notwithstanding this Condition 16.2, each of the Issuers and the Guarantor agrees that 
it will, and such consumers may, in respect of any Dispute in respect of the Notes, take proceedings 
in the jurisdictions specified in Article 18 of the Brussels Recast Regulation. 
16.3 
Service of Process 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints BNP Paribas London Branch (10 Harewood 
Avenue, London NW1 6AA, United Kingdom) as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute. If such process agent is unable or unwilling for 
any reason so to act, each of the Issuers and the Guarantor irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute 
process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) of such 
appointment in accordance with Condition 13. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor agree that failure 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate the relevant proceedings. Nothing 
shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
17. 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
17.1 
Acknowledgment 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17, includes 
any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as defined 
below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result 
in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below); 
(ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its 
rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the redemption date of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of 
the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(c) 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" means, in relation to any Notes, the amounts payable 
upon redemption of such Notes, and any accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes which has 
not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no longer due.

--- Page 279 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 279 - 
 
 
17.2 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
For these purposes: 
(a) 
the "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is any power existing from time to time under any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements applicable in Belgium or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("Luxembourg"), whether relating to (i) the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as 
amended from time to time, the "BRRD"), including without limitation, in respect of Belgium, 
the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 op het statuut en toezicht op kredietinstellingen en 
beursvennootschappen / relative au statut et au contrôle des établissements de credit et des 
sociétés de bourse, and in respect of Luxembourg, the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 
2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the "BRR 
Act 2015"), (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended 
from time to time, the "Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation"), or (iii) any other laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements arising under Belgian or Luxembourg law, and in each case 
the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of 
a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in 
whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or 
securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted (in 
part or in whole) into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or 
any other person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following 
placement in resolution. 
(b) 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" in respect of any entity incorporated or established in 
Luxembourg, to any institution or entity referred to in points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) 
of the BRR Act 2015, and in respect of any entity incorporated or established in Belgium, any 
entity referred to in Article 3, 42° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
(c) 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is in respect of Belgium, the National 
Bank of Belgium, in respect of Luxembourg, the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory 
authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), acting in its capacity as 
resolution authority (Conseil de Résolution) within the meaning of Article 3(1) of BRRD, the 
Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise against 
the Issuer of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power from time to time (including the European 
Central Bank, the Council of the European Union and the European Commission, when acting 
pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
17.3 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, 
such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and 
regulations in effect in France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the European Union applicable to the Issuer 
or other members of its group.

--- Page 280 ---
PART 1 : MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
 
 
- 280 - 
 
 
17.4 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, 
nor the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a 
contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which 
are hereby expressly waived. 
17.5 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. The 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent for information purposes, 
although the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Noteholders. Any 
delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the Notes described in Condition 17.1 above. 
17.6 
Duties of Principal Paying Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the 
Issuer and each Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree 
that (a) the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and 
(b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Principal Paying Agent whatsoever, in 
each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the 
Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Principal 
Paying Agent's duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes 
following such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent shall agree 
pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
17.7 
Pro-rating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power with respect to 
less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is otherwise instructed by the 
Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect 
of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
17.8 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 17 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a Note.

--- Page 281 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 281 - 
 
 
PART 2: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
This section sets out different economic or "payout" terms in respect of different types of Notes. These terms 
are optional provisions and only some of them will apply to the relevant Notes. The applicable Final Terms 
will specify which of the provisions apply to the relevant Notes. This section must be read in conjunction with 
the Note Conditions set out in Part 1 (in respect of Notes in definitive form) and, in respect of Notes in global 
form, with the provisions of the relevant Global Note (as described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to 
Global Notes and Certain Provisions with Respect to Dematerialised Notes") and, where applicable, with the 
Additional Terms and Conditions set out in Part 3 and/or Part 4 and/or Part 5.

--- Page 282 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 282 - 
 
 
PART 2: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
The following terms and conditions (the "Payout Conditions"), subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms, relate to the payouts in respect of the Notes. In particular, certain sections of the Payout Conditions 
will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Note Conditions") or the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and/or the Payout Conditions 
and (b) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. The descriptions of the payouts, interest rates and/or 
related provisions included in italics below do not form part of the Payout Conditions, are included for 
information purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms of the relevant payout or interest rate, as 
applicable. 
1. 
FIXED INCOME INTEREST RATES AND PAYOUTS 
(a) 
Fixed Income Interest Rates 
The following Interest Rate will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
FI Digital Coupon 
If FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
 
Description of the Payout 
A FI Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest at one of 2 specified rates depending 
upon whether or not the specified Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied. The specified rate 
can be (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a fixed percentage (which may be equal to zero) plus a 
floating rate, where the floating rate may be the sum of one or more floating interest rates or 
inflation rates with individual gearings applied. The payout may be subject to a minimum level 
(equal to the Global Floor) or a maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). The Gearing may 
be zero, a negative or a positive number and the fixed percentage may be equal to zero. 
The Digital Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (which 
may be one or more Inflation Index/Indices or one or more Underlying Interest Rates) 
comparative to a barrier level(s) which can be fixed or step up or down. 
Min  Global Cap A, Max  Global Floor A,   Gearing A(i)× FI Rate A(i)
n
i=1
 + Constant A   ;  or 
Min  Global Cap B, Max  Global Floor B,   Gearing B(i)×FI Rate B(i)
n
i=1
 + Constant B

--- Page 283 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 283 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI DC 
Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) the Range Cut-
off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier 
Value on the Range Cut-off Date. 
Description of the Payout 
A Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest on the basis of a rate calculated 
by reference to the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Accrual Period 
where the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied. The interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date is equal to K * n/N, where n is the number of Range Accrual Days in the Range 
Accrual Period on which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied and N is the total 
number of Range Accrual Days in the Range Accrual Period. K can be a fixed percentage or 
a floating rate plus a margin (which may be zero) and is subject to a minimum level (equal to 
the Local Floor) or a maximum level (equal to the Local Cap). The floating rate may be the 
sum of one or more floating interest rates or inflation rates with individual gearings applied. 
The overall rate payable is also subject to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or a 
maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). 
The Range Accrual Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
(which may be one or more Inflation Index/Indices or one or more Underlying Interest Rates) 
comparative to a barrier level(s) which can be fixed or step up or down. 
(iii) 
Combination Floater Coupon 
If Combination Floater is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Description of the Payout 
A Combination Floater Coupon may be any of the following (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a 
floating rate plus a margin (which can be equal to zero), where the floating rate may be the 
sum of one or more floating interest rates or inflation rates with individual gearings applied 
and where the sum of the floating rate and Global Margin is subject to a Local Floor and a 

















N
n
x
n
1
i
(i)
Rate
 
FI
x
(i)
Gearing
arg
,
,
,
,
in
M
Global
Floor
Local
Max
Cap
Local
Min
Floor
Global
Max
Cap
Global
Min
𝑀𝑖𝑛  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛
+  
𝐺𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑖× 𝐹𝐼 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
)   .

--- Page 284 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 284 - 
 
 
Local Cap. The rate payable is subject to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or a 
maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). The Gearing may be zero, negative or positive. 
(iv) 
PRDC Coupon 
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance)  –  Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance)  -  Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance)  -  Coupon Percentage 2)); 
II. 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-
out Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
Where: 
"PRDC Performance" means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as numerator) and 
the Initial Settlement Price (as denominator). 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred. 
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the 
Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified 
time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as 
applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or 
within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will determine 
whether the interest rate will be zero or a percentage that is (subject to a specified minimum 
and/or maximum) equal to a specified percentage multiplied by the performance of the 
Underlying Reference over a specified period and reduced by a specified percentage.

--- Page 285 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 285 - 
 
 
(v) 
FI Digital Floor Coupon 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Floor Coupon 
Notes: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
III. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
II. 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
III. 
in all other cases: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied. If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event 
is specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Floor 
Condition is satisfied.

--- Page 286 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 286 - 
 
 
The FI Digital Floor Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is less than or equal to 
the level specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If applicable, a 
Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period or 
Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the Underlying Reference (which 
will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified time(s) is greater than, greater 
than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as applicable) the level specified in or 
determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or within the Knock-in Range Level or 
Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) the 
FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied will determine whether interest is payable and, if so, 
which specified rate will be used to calculate the interest payable. 
(vi) 
FI Digital Cap Coupon 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Cap Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
III. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
II. 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or

--- Page 287 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 287 - 
 
 
III. 
in all other cases: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Cap Condition is met. If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event is 
specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Cap Condition 
is satisfied. 
The FI Digital Cap Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is greater than or equal 
to the level specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If applicable, 
a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the Underlying 
Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified time(s) is greater 
than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as applicable) the level 
specified in or determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms or within the Knock-in 
Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) the 
FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied will determine whether interest is payable and, if so, 
which specified rate will be used to calculate the interest payable. 
(vii) 
FI Target Coupon 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Target Coupon Notes and 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred, the Interest Rate in respect of the 
Target Final Interest Period shall be the Final Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption applies and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
does not occur the rate of interest for the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date will be 
the Final Interest Rate. 
The Final Interest Rate may be 
1. 
Capped only – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the final interest period or, if less, the difference between the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid; 
2. 
Guaranteed only - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the final interest period or, if greater, the difference between the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid. If no Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, this Interest Rate provides a payment at maturity that 
means the overall sum of all interest paid will be at least equal to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage;

--- Page 288 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 288 - 
 
 
3. 
Capped and guaranteed - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage less previous interest paid which means that the overall 
interest paid will be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
4. 
Not capped and not guaranteed – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the interest 
calculated for the relevant Interest Period. 
(viii) 
FI FX Vanilla Coupon 
If FI FX Vanilla is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Gearing × Option; 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Gearing × Option; 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
Gearing × Option; 
II. 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-
out Event has occurred, 0 (zero). 
Where: 
"Option" means Min (Max (Performance Value, Floor), Cap). 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred. 
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the 
Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified 
time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as 
applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or 
within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will determine 
whether the interest rate will be zero or a percentage reflecting the product of the performance 
of the Underlying Reference over a specified period (which may be subject to a minimum 
and/or a maximum) and a gearing percentage.

--- Page 289 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 289 - 
 
 
(ix) 
FI Digital Plus Coupon 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Plus Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date: 
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing × FI Digital Value)); or 
III. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date: 
Digital Plus Percentage 2; 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Valuation Date: 
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing × FI Digital Value)); or 
II. 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Plus Percentage 2; 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Valuation Date: 
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing × FI Digital Value)); or 
III. 
in all other cases: 
Digital Plus Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, the 
interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied. If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event is 
specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Plus Condition 
is satisfied.

--- Page 290 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 290 - 
 
 
The FI Digital Plus Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is greater than the level 
specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If applicable, a Knock-in 
Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period or 
Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the Underlying Reference (which 
will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified time(s) is greater than, greater 
than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as applicable) the level specified in or 
determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or within the Knock-in Range Level or 
Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) the 
FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied will determine whether the interest rate will be zero or 
a specified percentage or the greater of a specified percentage and the product of the 
performance of the Underlying Reference over a specified period and a gearing percentage. 
(b) 
Definitions for Fixed Income Interest Rates 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date and an Underlying 
Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference; 
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(i) 
in respect of Underlying Reference 1, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying 
Reference for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) 
equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level; and/or 
(ii) 
if Underlying Reference 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of Underlying Reference 2, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying Reference for 
the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper 
Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level; 
"FI Interest Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date, 
Determination Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or each Range Accrual Day;

--- Page 291 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 291 - 
 
 
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means in respect of an Underlying Reference, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means in respect of an Underlying Reference, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
in respect of Underlying Reference 1, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying 
Reference for the relevant Range Accrual Day is (A)(i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal 
to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (B) if a Range Accrual Coupon 
Barrier Level Up is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) 
equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; and/or 
(ii) 
if Underlying Reference 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of Underlying Reference 2, that the FI DC Barrier Value for such Underlying Reference for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day is (A)(i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater 
than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (B) if a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater 
than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up;

--- Page 292 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 292 - 
 
 
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Underlying Interest Rate 
Determination Date or calendar day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate 
calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date; and 
"YoY Inflation Rate" means [Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i―1)] ― 1. 
(c) 
Fixed Income Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable CA (each a "Final Payout") will 
apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
FI FX Vanilla Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
II. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option); 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option); 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I. 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option); 
II. 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-
out Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1. 
Where: 
"Option" means Min (Max (Performance Value, Floor), Cap).

--- Page 293 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 293 - 
 
 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable the 
final payout will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred. 
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the 
Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified 
time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as 
applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or 
within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will determine 
whether the final payout will be zero or a percentage reflecting the product of the performance 
of the Underlying Reference over a specified period (which may be subject to a minimum 
and/or a maximum) and a gearing percentage. 
(ii) 
FI Inflation Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Inflation Notes: 
 
Description of the Payout 
The payout comprises an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount 
or, if greater, the total positive inflation accretion from the Strike Date to the FI Redemption 
Valuation Date multiplied by the Calculation Amount. 
(d) 
Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
(i) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
CA × (100 per cent. + Final Interest Rate); 
Description of the Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Notes redeem automatically if the 
cumulative coupon is greater than or equal to a target barrier, (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage"). The cumulative coupon is equal to the sum of all previous interest 
paid plus the interest calculated (but not necessarily paid) for the Interest Period during which 
the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
The payout per Note, comprises the Calculation Amount multiplied by 100 per cent. plus the 
Final Interest Rate. 
Max [100%, Cumulative Inflation Rate ]

--- Page 294 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 294 - 
 
 
The Final Interest Rate may be 
1. 
Capped only – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the relevant interest period or, if less, the difference between the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid; 
2. 
Guaranteed only - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the relevant interest period or, if greater, the difference between the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid. If no Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, this Interest Rate provides a payment at maturity that 
means the overall sum of all interest paid will be at least equal to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage; 
3. 
Capped and guaranteed - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage less previous interest paid which means that the overall 
interest paid will be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
4. 
Not capped and not guaranteed – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the interest 
calculated for the relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
CA 
Description of the Payout 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Notes redeem automatically if the 
Underlying Reference observed is greater than or equal to the lower barrier (the "Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage Down") or less than or equal to the upper barrier (the 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up"). In this case, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the next Interest Payment Date. The Underlying Reference (which will be one or more 
Underlying Interest Rates) can be observed on specified dates or continuously during a 
period. 
Each Note will redeem at an amount equal to the Calculation Amount and may pay either (i) 
the interest accrued up to the Interest Payment Date on which the Notes are redeemed, (ii) no 
interest or (iii) the interest accrued up to date on which the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurred. 
(iii) 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
 
Description of the Payout 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Notes redeem automatically if the 
interest to be paid on an Interest Payment Date is greater than or equal to a target barrier, 
(the "Automatic Early Redemption Percentage"). 
The amount payable per Note comprises the Calculation Amount multiplied by 100 per cent. 
plus the interest calculated for the relevant Interest Period (which may be capped which 
CA× 100% +(Min(Coupon Cap, Final Coupon Rate)×Final Day Count Fraction)

--- Page 295 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 295 - 
 
 
means that the maximum interest that an investor may receive following an FI Coupon 
Automatic Early Redemption is equal to the Coupon Cap. 
(e) 
Definitions for Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
"Coupon Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base); 
"Final Interest Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable, less Paid Coupon; 
(ii) 
if Capped and Guaranteed not applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
product of the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction; 
(iii) 
if Capped Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(iv) 
if Guaranteed Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(f) 
General definitions for Fixed Income Interest Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the highest Performance Value for any Subject 
Currency in the basket in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Current Interest Period" means the Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or in the case of the calculation of the FI Target Coupon, the Target Final 
Interest Period; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Min (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction,  Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable −Paid Coupon);
Max (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction, Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable −Paid Coupon).

--- Page 296 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 296 - 
 
 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is less 
than or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than the FI Digital Plus Level; 
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value, Worst Value, 
Best Value, Multi-Basket Value or Weighted Average FI Basket Value as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Redemption Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Redemption Valuation Date or an FI Interest Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Weighting" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number, amount or percentage specified 
as such for such Subject Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Interest Rate calculated in respect of the Current Interest Period or 
Target Final Interest Period, as applicable (the "Final Interest Period"); 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest Period; 
"Final Settlement Price" means (i) if Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all 
Averaging Dates; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"G" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the percentage specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 297 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 297 - 
 
 
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date; 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI Valuation Date (or, if none, 
the Strike Date); 
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative Inflation 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multi-Basket Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
 
"Paid Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the 
Interest Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case calculated for such Interest Period preceding 
the Current Interest Period (in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the 
Target Final Interest Period (in the case of a Target Determination Date); 
"Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price  – Initial Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price  – Final Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
   𝐺𝑗* (𝑊𝑖* 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑚
𝑗=1
; 
(Final Settlement Price −Initial Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
;

--- Page 298 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 298 - 
 
 
(d) 
if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(e) 
if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(g) 
if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(h) 
if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts, each Inflation Index, 
Subject Currency, Underlying Interest Rate or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes 
relate; 
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in 
the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions); 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate, 
in each case in respect of such day. 
(Initial Settlement Price −Final Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
; 
(
1
Initial Settlement Price) −(
1
Final Settlement Price); 
(
1
Final Settlement Price) −(
1
Initial Settlement Price); 
(Final Settlement Price − Initial Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
; 
(Initial Settlement Price − Final Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
; 
Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price; 
Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price ;

--- Page 299 ---
PART 2 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
- 299 - 
 
 
"W" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FI Weighting for such Subject Currency; 
"Weighted Average FI Basket Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Subject Currency in the basket as (a) the Performance Value for such Subject 
Currency for such FI Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FI Weighting; and 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the lowest Performance Value for any 
Subject Currency in the basket in respect of such FI Valuation Date. 
2. 
FORMULAE CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a "Formula Constituent") of any formula (each a "Formula") used in the 
Payout Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be replaced in the 
applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, as applicable for 
such Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Notes, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by deleting 
such Formula Constituent 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of these 
Payout Conditions may be a positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 300 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 300 - 
 
 
PART 3: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
This section relates only to Notes that are specified to be Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes or Inflation 
Index-Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, i.e. Notes where the payments are linked to the 
value from time to time of one or more inflation indices. These Additional Terms and Conditions must be read 
in conjunction with the Note Conditions set out in Part 1 (in respect of Notes in definitive form) and, in respect 
of Notes in global form, with the provisions of the relevant Global Note (as described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to Global Notes and Certain Provisions with Respect to Dematerialised Notes") and, 
where applicable, with the Additional Terms and Conditions set out in Part 2 and/or Part 4 and/or Part 5.

--- Page 301 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 301 - 
 
 
PART 3: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Inflation Index-Linked Interest Notes or Inflation Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes (together, "Inflation Index-Linked Notes") shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Note 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index-Linked Notes set out below (the 
"Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions") together with any other Additional Terms and Conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Payout Conditions, in each case, subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and (b) the Inflation 
Index-Linked Note Conditions, the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and/or the Inflation Index Conditions and (b) the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note 
Conditions and/or the Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means Change in Law. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital 
requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines that it has become illegal for it to maintain the 
Notes or/and to perform its obligations under the Notes; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become illegal, impossible or not 
possible using commercially reasonable efforts for (a) the Issuer to convert the relevant currency 
("Local Currency") in which the Inflation Index is denominated, into the Specified Currency or 
Settlement Currency, as applicable, or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local Currency or the 
Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, outside of the jurisdiction in which the 
Inflation Index is traded due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order, directive or decree of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (b) for the 
Calculation Agent to determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a 
commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged for the Settlement 
Currency for payment under the Notes; 
"Extended Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates (a) to convert the relevant currency ("Local 
Currency") in which the Inflation Index or any options or futures contracts or other hedging 
arrangement in relation to the Inflation Index (for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes) are denominated, into the Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, 
or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local Currency or the Specified Currency or Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, outside of the jurisdiction in which the Inflation Index or any options or 
futures contracts in relation to the Index are traded due to the adoption of, or any change in, any 
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (b) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate or (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) a commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged for 
the Settlement Currency for payment under the Notes; 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, three Business Days prior to such 
Determination Date, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 302 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 302 - 
 
 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish or announce the level of the Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date; 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extended Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or 
capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines that (a) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes or (b) it or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency or 
capital requirements) in relation to the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of 
the country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which 
falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) if no such bond satisfies (a), the next longest maturity 
after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) if no such bond 
satisfies either (a) or (b) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date. If the Inflation Index 
relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government 
agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is 
calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before 
the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the 
Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond 
redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from 
all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for 
which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Government Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body, (iii) any authority or any other entity (private 
or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of 
the financial markets (including a central bank) of the relevant entity or some or of all of its obligations, 
or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in this definition; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of its 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options 
contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, including 
but not limited to the currency risk of such Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions 
relating to the Notes; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any 
of its respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances

--- Page 303 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 303 - 
 
 
existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) 
to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of such Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of 
the creditworthiness of such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of its respective Affiliates 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for 
two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the relevant Inflation Index and/or the Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and no 
Successor Inflation Index exists; 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Inflation 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Inflation Index; 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the relevant Inflation Index which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the index sponsor in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index" or "Inflation Indices" means the index or indices specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue 
to do so in the future) in the Inflation Index or, unless "Hedging Arrangements" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any options or futures contracts in relation to the Inflation 
Index in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations (a) under the Notes or (b) unless Hedging 
Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any relevant 
hedging arrangements in connection with the Notes (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale 
or entry into or holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, 
derivatives positions, commodity positions or other instruments or arrangements (however described) 
by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, 
the Notes), or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) be materially 
increased under the restriction or limitation of the existing or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority or otherwise; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging or/and Hedging 
Disruption or/and Index Modification or/and Index Cancellation or/and Currency Event or/and 
Extended Currency Event or/and Jurisdiction Event or/and Extended Change in Law, if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 4 
(Adjustments) below; 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index was reported, 
regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant 
Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which 
the Relevant Level was reported;

--- Page 304 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 304 - 
 
 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Related Bond 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final 
Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: 
Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond for any Related Bond determination; 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time prior to the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) 
the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the 
issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity; 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 3 
(Successor Inflation Index) below; and 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index level 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with Inflation Index-Linked Note Condition 2 (Delay in 
Publication) below. 
2. 
Delay in Publication 
2.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation Index 
has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to any 
Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer with respect to such Determination Date (the "Substitute 
Inflation Index Level") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.2 (Substitute Inflation Index Level) below, as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index 
level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(c) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level  = Base Level × (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined;

--- Page 305 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 305 - 
 
 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; and 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
2.2 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13 of any 
Substitute Inflation Index Level. 
2.3 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Index-Linked Note 
Condition 2 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
3. 
Successor Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the 
Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Inflation 
Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" by reference to the inflation index applicable 
under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(c) 
if (x) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (y) a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or 
announce the Inflation Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index 
specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
Inflation Index is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
(d) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (a) or (b) the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index 
should be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses, 
three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the "Successor Inflation Index"; if three responses are received, and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation 
Index"; if fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or if each of the 
responses state different indices the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate 
alternative index for such affected payment date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor 
Inflation Index"; or 
(e) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Inflation Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have 
occurred.

--- Page 306 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 306 - 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Inflation Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Inflation Index-Linked 
Notes, which shall be the first time the Successor Inflation Index is published after the Successor 
Inflation Index is determined. Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index, the effective 
date of the Successor Inflation Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to 
Noteholders of the Inflation Index-Linked Notes by the Issuer in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
4. 
Adjustments 
4.1 
Successor Inflation Index 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Index-Linked Note 
Condition 3 (Successor Inflation Index) above, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment or 
adjustments to any amount payable under the Notes as from the date on which the Successor Inflation 
Index shall replace the Index and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary to effect the replacement of the Index by the Successor Index for all purposes in 
respect of the Notes and the terms of the Notes. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any 
such adjustment in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
4.2 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with Inflation 
Index-Linked Note Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) above, the Calculation Agent may make any 
adjustment or adjustments to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of 
the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary to effect the use of the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Note 
Condition 13. 
4.3 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by the Index 
Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation Index-Linked 
Note Condition 4.6 (Index Modification) below, later revisions to the level for such Reference Month 
will not be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer 
Price Index, the ESP National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised 
Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published or announced up to 
and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Determination Date will be valid 
and the revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and 
conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders 
of any valid revision in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in respect of which a 
Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct 
a manifest error, the Calculation Agent shall (unless it is not possible using commercially reasonable 
efforts to do so prior to the Determination Date) make any adjustment to any amount payable under 
the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as 
a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that 
correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in 
accordance with Note Condition 13. 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a 
Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the

--- Page 307 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 307 - 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall (a) (unless it is not possible using commercially reasonable efforts to do so 
prior to the Determination Date) make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or 
any other relevant term of the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or 
publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of 
such publication or announcement or (b), if (a) is not possible using commercially reasonable efforts, 
determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any calculation or determination under the 
Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level 
for the relevant Reference Month, and, where this paragraph (b) applies, make any adjustment to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate to reflect the difference between the Relevant Level and such Substitute Inflation 
Index in the next period to restore the economic balance to that which would have existed had such 
Relevant Level been taken into account. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any 
determination in respect of (i) or (ii), together with any adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in 
accordance with Note Condition 13. 
4.4 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency (whether 
relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent determines 
necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment or adjustments to such amount and/or any other relevant 
term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
4.5 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, 
the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may 
make (a) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any adjustments as are 
made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased 
Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or 
(b) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index 
before it was rebased, and in each case the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment(s) to any 
relevant amount payable under the Notes and/or any other term of the Notes that are required to give 
effect to such adjustments. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (a) nor (b) above would 
produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially 
the same economic position as prior to the relevant Inflation Index becoming a Rebased Index, the 
Issuer may redeem each Note on a date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Note 
Condition 13, at determined the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date taking into account 
the rebasing, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice 
of any adjustment, redemption of the Notes or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
4.6 
Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred, the Calculation Agent may (i) if Related Bond is

--- Page 308 ---
PART 3 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
- 308 - 
 
 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make any adjustments to the relevant Inflation 
Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including any amount payable 
under the Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary, or (ii) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms or a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred, make only those adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, 
any Relevant Level and/or any other term of the Notes (including any amount payable under the 
Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified Index to continue as the relevant 
Inflation Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index Modification with a view to 
produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially 
the same economic position as prior to the relevant Index Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after the Cut-
Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as 
the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with paragraph (a) above unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not possible using commercially reasonable efforts to make such adjustments prior 
to the Determination Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed to have 
occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Determination Date, such that the provisions of 
paragraph (a) above will apply. 
4.7 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may redeem each Note on the date notified by such 
Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13 at the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms calculated by the Calculation Agent) as at the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to such Issuer of unwinding or amending any 
related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any redemption of the Notes shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
4.8 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the relevant Issuer may 
redeem each Note on the date notified by such Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Note 
Condition 13 at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date taking into account the Index 
Cancellation, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice 
of any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance 
with Note Condition 13.

--- Page 309 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 309 - 
 
 
PART 4: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-
LINKED NOTES 
This section relates only to Notes that are specified to be Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes 
or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, i.e. Notes where the 
payments are linked to the value from time to time of one or more foreign exchange rate(s). These Additional 
Terms and Conditions must be read in conjunction with the Note Conditions set out in Part 1 (in respect of 
Notes in definitive form) and, in respect of Notes in global form, with the provisions of the relevant Global 
Note (as described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes and Certain Provisions with 
Respect to Dematerialised Notes") and, where applicable, with the Additional Terms and Conditions set out 
in Part 2 and/or Part 3 and/or Part 5.

--- Page 310 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 310 - 
 
 
PART 4: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-
LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest Notes or Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Redemption Notes (together, "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes") shall comprise the 
terms and conditions of Notes (the "Note Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions") together with any other Additional Terms and Conditions specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Payout Conditions, in each case, subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event 
of any inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and (b) the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and/or the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions and (b) the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and/or the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) 
or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a Disruption Event has occurred; 
"FX Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) 
or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply;

--- Page 311 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 311 - 
 
 
"FX Digital Level" means: 
(a) 
if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date specified for 
such Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Knock-in Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Digital Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Knock-out Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment;

--- Page 312 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 312 - 
 
 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent 
to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Issuer to hedge its 
obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any 
Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Averaging Date or Settlement 
Price Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-in Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day 
falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any

--- Page 313 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 313 - 
 
 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting 
the rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which 
the Settlement Price is calculated; 
"Resettable Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-in Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal 
financial centres of the Base Currency and Subject Currency or Subject Currencies; 
"Settlement Price Date" means each Strike Date, Strike Day, Observation Date, FX Averaging Date, 
FX Digital Observation Date, Knock-in Averaging Date, Knock-out Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Observation Date, Knock-out Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging Date 
Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions contained in 
the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means any Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is

--- Page 314 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 314 - 
 
 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 3 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which 
the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated; and 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
2. 
Disruption Events 
Unless, in the case of Exempt Notes only, otherwise stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies, shall if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms be a Disruption 
Event: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(d) 
any other event outside the control of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent that, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, has the same or a similar consequence as one of the events 
referred to in (a), (b) or (c); or 
(e) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, any other event specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Note 
Condition 13, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the 
Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date 
(or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by 
the Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the 
applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the consequences of the Disruption Event: 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price in respect of a Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging Date or a Settlement 
Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions 
specified in either (i), (ii) or (iii) below:

--- Page 315 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 315 - 
 
 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent 
will determine that the relevant Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case 
of any Settlement Price Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or Settlement 
Price Date that is not the Strike Date) unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
originally scheduled Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, is a 
Disrupted Day in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date or Settlement 
Price Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging Date or Settlement 
Price Date, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price 
by determining a level for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day using Currency – 
Reference Dealers Determination; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the 
Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event 
is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13, the Issuer shall redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of such Note, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the 
Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) 
if Early Redemption/Monetisation is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the 
relevant Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination 
Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, 
its principal amount; and/or 
(B) 
if Early Redemption/Monetisation is specified in the Final Terms as applicable, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the Final 
Terms and calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; and/or 
(C) 
notwithstanding any provisions in the Terms and Conditions to the contrary, postpone 
any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be

--- Page 316 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 316 - 
 
 
provided or announced by the Price Source), as the case may be (including, if 
applicable, the Maturity Date) until the Business Day following the date on which a 
Disruption Event is no longer subsisting and no interest or other amount shall be paid 
by the Issuer in respect of such postponement. 
For the purposes of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 3, "Currency - 
Reference Dealers Determination" means that, if applicable, the Base Currency, Subject Currency 
and/or Subject Currencies on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day will be determined on 
the basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers on that Scheduled Trading Day for a transaction 
between the currencies specified in the applicable Final Terms as of the Valuation Time on such day. 
The Calculation Agent will request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a firm quotation of its 
relevant level for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies. If four quotations 
are provided, the relevant level for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies 
will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, without taking into account the quotations 
having the highest and lowest value. If exactly three quotations are provided, the relevant level for the 
Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies will be the quotation provided by the 
Reference Dealer that remains after disregarding the quotations having the highest and lowest values. 
For these purposes, if more than one quotation has the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such quotations shall be disregarded. If exactly two quotations are provided, the relevant level for the 
Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations received. If only one quotation is provided, the relevant level for the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies will be the rate quoted by that Reference Dealer. If no such 
quotations are received by the Calculation Agent, any such level will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to such other sources as it, having taken into account any relevant market practice, 
considers to be appropriate and "Reference Dealers" means the reference dealers specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such reference dealers are specified, four leading dealers in the 
relevant currencies selected by the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency and a Settlement Price Date or Averaging 
Date, and subject to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 3 above, an amount equal 
to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on such 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit 
of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates 
(expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging 
Date of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange 
market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), provided that if the relevant rate of exchange is derived 
from two or more rates of exchange, the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as provided above on the basis of each such rate of exchange. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
5.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then any payment under the relevant 
Notes which is expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
5.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then any payment under the relevant 
Notes which is expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event.

--- Page 317 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 317 - 
 
 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event has occurred on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, then, unless Disruption Consequences are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as not applicable, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event. 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which 
the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies trigger the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a 
Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless Disruption Consequences are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as not applicable, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
5.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means (a) in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is and (b) in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, that the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Subject Currency as the product of (x) 
the value of such Subject Currency as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, in each case (i) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less 
than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level, or (ii) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (A) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (B) in respect 
of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 2. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 318 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 318 - 
 
 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means (a) in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day is or (b) in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Subject Currency as the 
product of (x) the value of such Subject Currency as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, in each case (i) "greater than", "greater than 
or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level, or (ii) "within" the Knock-out 
Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (A) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (B) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 2. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be 
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date at an 
amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Definitions 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 319 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 319 - 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount 
and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage and the relevant AER Rate 
relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. If the product of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means (a) in case of a single Subject Currency that the value 
of the Subject Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (b) in the case of a basket 
of Subject Currencies, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
for each Subject Currency as the product of (x) the value of such Subject Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, in each case (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the value, price, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if that is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Disruption Event occurs on that day. If a Disruption 
Event occurs on that day then the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Settlement Price Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13. If the Notes are so redeemed the relevant Issuer 
will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which amount shall be the 
Early Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms and calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
"Additional Disruption Event" means Change in Law.

--- Page 320 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 320 - 
 
 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital 
requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the relevant Issuer determines that it has become illegal for it to maintain 
the Notes or/and to perform its obligations under the Notes or/and to hold acquire or dispose any 
underlying used under the Notes, 
"Extended Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or 
capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines that (a) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes or (b) it or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency or 
capital requirements) in relation to the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes; 
"Government Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body, (iii) any authority or any other entity (private 
or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of 
the financial markets (including a central bank) of the relevant entity or some or of all of its obligations, 
or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in this definition. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the equity price risk and any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency 
risk of such Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the relevant Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of 
such Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of such Issuer and/or 
any of its respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue 
to do so in the future) in any currency relevant for the Notes or, unless "Hedging Arrangements" is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any options or futures contracts in relation 
to in any currency relevant for the Notes in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations (a) under the 
Notes or (b) unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the Notes (including, without 
limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities positions, currency

--- Page 321 ---
PART 4 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE-LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 321 - 
 
 
positions, stock loan transactions, derivatives positions, commodity positions or other instruments or 
arrangements (however described) by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, either 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Notes), or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent) be materially increased under the restriction or limitation of the existing or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive or decree of any Government 
Authority or otherwise. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging or/and Hedging 
Disruption or/and Jurisdiction Event or/and Extended Change in Law, if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 322 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 322 - 
 
 
PART 5: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST 
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
This section relates only to Notes that are specified to be Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes or 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, i.e. Notes where the 
payments are linked to the value from time to time of one or more interest rate(s). These Additional Terms and 
Conditions must be read in conjunction with the Note Conditions set out in Part 1 (in respect of Notes in 
definitive form) and, in respect of Notes in global form, with the provisions of the relevant Global Note (as 
described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to Global Notes and Certain Provisions with Respect to 
Dematerialised Notes") and, where applicable, with the Additional Terms and Conditions set out in Part 2 
and/or Part 3 and/or Part 4.

--- Page 323 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 323 - 
 
 
PART 5: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate-
Linked Redemption Notes (together, "Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes") shall comprise the terms and 
conditions of Notes (the "Note Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Notes set out below (the "Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions") together with 
any other Additional Terms and Conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Payout Conditions, in 
each case, subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (a) the Note Conditions and (b) the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions, 
the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(a) the Note Conditions and/or the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions and (b) the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note 
Conditions and/or the Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying 
Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions, "Floating Rate", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
3. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the manner 
in which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as either:

--- Page 324 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 324 - 
 
 
(i) 
the quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Underlying Relevant Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the page, section or other part of the specified information 
service specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Relevant Screen Page (Underlying))" (or 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the Relevant Time 
(Underlying) indicated in the applicable Final Terms (the "Screen Page Underlying 
Benchmark") on the Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Spread (if any) and as amended 
by the Underlying Spread Multiplier (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page (Underlying), the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such quotations. 
(b) 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page (Underlying) is not available or if, in the case of 
(a)(i) above, no such quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (Underlying) (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) or, in the case of (a)(ii) 
above, fewer than three such quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (Underlying) (or 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information), in each case as at the 
Relevant Time (Underlying), except as provided in paragraph (c) below, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Underlying Relevant Rate at such time acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Underlying Interest Rate 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page Underlying Benchmark has been discontinued or a 
Benchmark Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for 
the Screen Page Underlying Benchmark, an alternative reference rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two 
or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. If the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the 
Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the business 
day prior to the applicable Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date) appoint an agent (the 
"Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute 
or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Underlying 
Benchmark, is available for the purpose of determining the Screen Page Underlying 
Benchmark on each Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date falling on or after the date 
of such determination. If the Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent 
will notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine 
the Underlying Interest Rate.

--- Page 325 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 325 - 
 
 
If the Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such 
rate, the "Replacement Benchmark"), for the purpose of determining the Underlying 
Benchmark on each Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination: 
(i) 
the Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the Underlying Interest 
Rate Determination Date and any method for obtaining the Replacement Benchmark, 
including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement Benchmark comparable 
to the Screen Page Underlying Benchmark (including, where applicable, and if 
Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), to reflect any 
increased costs to the Issuer of providing such exposure to the Replacement 
Benchmark, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Benchmark; 
(ii) 
references to the Screen Page Underlying Benchmark in these Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions will be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Replacement Benchmark, including any alternative method for determining such rate 
as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Benchmark, and the details 
described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent of the Replacement 
Benchmark, and the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable 
but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the business day prior to 
the applicable Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Benchmark and the other matters referred to above by 
the Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
the Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent determines at a later date that the 
Replacement Benchmark is no longer substantially comparable to the Underlying Benchmark 
or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent 
shall appoint or re-appoint a Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent, as the case may be 
(which may or may not be the same entity as the original Underlying Benchmark 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement 
Benchmark or determining a substitute Replacement Benchmark in an identical manner as 
described in this paragraph (c). If the Replacement Underlying Benchmark Determination 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement Benchmark, then the Replacement Benchmark will remain 
unchanged. 
The Underlying Benchmark Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant rate as 
appointed by the Issuer, (y) the Issuer or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer.

--- Page 326 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 326 - 
 
 
If the relevant Benchmark Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 5.15(b), the 
provisions of this Condition 3(c) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to 
in) this Condition 3(c), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Benchmark Determination Agent 
(as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect 
of the Notes as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Fallback Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Benchmark 
Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have occurred before 
the Issue Date of the Notes. 
4. 
CMS-Rate Determination 
(a) 
Where CMS-Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will 
be the relevant Underlying CMS Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Underlying Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions, "Underlying CMS 
Rate" means the Specified Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency (CMS) 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity (CMS), expressed as a percentage rate per annum, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (CMS) as at the Relevant Time on the Underlying 
Interest Rate Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
If the Specified Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (CMS) or if the 
Relevant Screen Page (CMS) is not available, then the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Specified Swap Rate for the relevant Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date on the basis 
set out below: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Fallback Event has not 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will determine the Specified Swap Rate acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) and at 
such time as it may select; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Fallback Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent (a) will use, as a substitute for the Underlying CMS Rate, a 
Replacement CMS Rate which the Calculation Agent determines is necessary to 
account for the economic effect of the Benchmark Fallback Event with a view to 
producing a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the 
Noteholder in substantially the same economic position which they would have been 
in had the Benchmark Fallback Event not occurred, or (b) will otherwise redeem the 
Notes, each in accordance with paragraphs (c) to (i) below. 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine a Replacement CMS 
Rate, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business 
Day prior to the applicable Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date) appoint an agent 
(the "CMS Determination Agent"), which will determine a Replacement CMS Rate. If the 
CMS Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement CMS Rate, the CMS 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such Replacement CMS Rate to be used by the 
Calculation Agent in place of the relevant Underlying CMS Rate.

--- Page 327 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 327 - 
 
 
(d) 
If the CMS Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has determined a 
Replacement CMS Rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, for the purpose of 
determining the Underlying CMS Rate on each Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date 
falling on or after the date of such determination: 
(i) 
the CMS Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also 
determine the changes (if any) required to the Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
Date and any method for obtaining the Replacement CMS Rate, including any adjustment 
needed to make such Replacement CMS Rate comparable to the Underlying CMS Rate 
(including, where applicable, and if Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing such 
exposure to the Replacement CMS Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for 
such Replacement CMS Rate; 
(ii) 
references to the Underlying CMS Rate in these Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement CMS Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the CMS Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will notify the 
Issuer of the Replacement CMS Rate, and the details described in (i) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent of the Replacement CMS Rate, and 
the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no 
later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Underlying 
Interest Rate Determination Date. 
(e) 
The determination of the Replacement CMS Rate and the other matters referred to above by 
the CMS Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the CMS Determination 
Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement CMS Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Underlying CMS Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor 
rate, in which case the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a CMS Determination Agent, as the 
case may be, (which may or may not be the same entity as the original CMS Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement 
CMS Rate or determining a substitute Replacement CMS Rate in an identical manner as 
described in this Condition 4. If the CMS Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement CMS Rate, 
then the Replacement CMS Rate will remain unchanged. 
(f) 
If the CMS Determination Agent determines that (i) it cannot identify a Replacement CMS 
Rate or determine the changes required by paragraph (d)(i) above, such that a continuation of 
the Notes is impossible, or (ii) substituting the Underlying CMS Rate with a Replacement 
CMS Rate or making the changes required by paragraph (d)(i) above would significantly alter 
the economics of the Notes compared to those at the Trade Date (each a "CMS Rate Early 
Redemption Event"), the Issuer may give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Conditon 
13 (Notices) and redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes on the date specified in such 
notice at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 328 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 328 - 
 
 
(g) 
The CMS Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent 
in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant rate as appointed by the Issuer, 
(y) the Issuer or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer. 
(h) 
If the relevant Benchmark Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 5.15(b), the 
provisions of this Condition 4 will apply. 
(i) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to 
in) this Condition 4, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or CMS Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of 
the Notes as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Fallback Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Benchmark 
Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have occurred before 
the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(j) 
Definitions relating to CMS-Rate Determination  
"Designated Maturity (CMS)" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency (CMS)" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" has the meaning given to it in paragraph 3 (Screen Rate Determination) 
above. 
"Relevant Screen Page (CMS)" means the specified page, section or other part of the particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or 
other part as may replace it on that information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displacing rates or 
prices comparable to the Specified Swap Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate; 
"Replacement CMS Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying CMS Rate, a rate that the Calculation 
Agent or the CMS Determination Agent, as applicable, determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Underlying CMS Rate, provided that the Replacement CMS Rate must be a rate, 
fallback rate or methodology for calculating a rate or fallback rate (which may be formally designated, 
nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating Body, (b) the administrator or sponsor 
of the Underlying CMS Rate or (c) ISDA or any other relevant trade association, working group, task-
force or committee to replace the Underlying CMS Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as 
being an industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
such Underlying CMS Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (a) a 
publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee, or (b) a press 
release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA). 
"Specified Swap Rate" means any of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: (a) the 
swap rate, (b) the annual swap rate, (c) the semi-annual swap rate, (d) the quarterly swap rate, (e) the 
quarterly-annual swap rate, or (f) the quarterly-quarterly swap rate.

--- Page 329 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 329 - 
 
 
5. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined (the "Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date"), determine 
the Underlying Reference Rate (subject to any Underlying Spread, Underlying Spread Multiplier, 
Minimum Underlying Reference Rate or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the 
Underlying Reference Rate as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
6. 
Underlying Spread, Underlying Spread Multiplier, Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate 
6.1 
If any Underlying Spread or an Underlying Spread Multiplier is expressed in the relevant Final Terms, 
an adjustment shall be made to the Underlying Reference Rate by (a) adding or subtracting such 
Underlying Spread to or from, as the case may be, or (b) multiplying such Underlying Spread 
Multiplier by, such Underlying Reference Rate, subject always to paragraphs 6.2 and 6.3 below. 
6.2 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying Reference Rate. 
6.3 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Underlying Reference Rate. 
7. 
Underlying Reference Banks 
The relevant Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four Underlying Reference Banks with 
offices in the Relevant Financial Centre (or, in the case of euro, in the financial centre or centres 
selected by the relevant Issuer). If any Underlying Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) 
is unable or unwilling to continue to act as an Underlying Reference Bank, then the Calculation Agent 
will appoint another Underlying Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre (or, 
in the case of euro, in the financial centre or centres in the euro-zone) to act as such in its place. 
8. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
8.1 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Terms and Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
8.2 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Terms and Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
8.3 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.

--- Page 330 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 330 - 
 
 
"Knock-in Event" means (a) in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying 
Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day; and (b) in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Interest Rate as the product of (x) the Underlying Reference Rate as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting, in each case, 
is (A)(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the 
Knock-in Level; or (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (I) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (II) in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the level specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means (a) in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying 
Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any 
Knock-out Determination Day; and (b) in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying 
Interest Rate as the product of (x) the Underlying Reference Rate as of the Knock-out Valuation Time 
on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting, in each case, is (A)(i) "greater 
than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level; 
or (B) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (I) 
on a Knock-out Determination Day or (II) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day.

--- Page 331 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 331 - 
 
 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be 
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date at an 
amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Definitions 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount 
and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage and the relevant AER Rate 
relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. If the product of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means (i) if Target Automatic Early Redemption, FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption, FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption or Standard 
Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, or, otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no 
Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the Cumulative Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage; 
(b) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Underlying Reference Level is (i) equal to or greater than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage Down and (ii) less than or equal to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up; 
(c) 
if FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the product of (i) the Interest Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case 
in respect of the Current Interest Period is equal to or greater than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage; or 
(d) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that (i) in the case of a single Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Level 
or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, the Basket Price is, (i) "greater

--- Page 332 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 332 - 
 
 
than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the amount, price, percentage or level specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Down" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Basket of Underlying Interest Rates" means, for the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Condition 9, the Basket of Underlying Interest Rates to which the value of the relevant Notes 
relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying Interest Rate 
comprising the Basket of Underlying Interest Rates as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference 
Level of such Underlying Interest Rate on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (b) 
the relevant Weighting. 
"Cumulative Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (a) the 
sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period as the 
product of (i) the Interest Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period 
plus (b) the product of (i) the Interest Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current 
Interest Period. 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
10. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Accrual 
Notwithstanding Note Condition 4.1, if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption and Accrual to 
Automatic Early Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
interest will cease to accrue on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 333 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 333 - 
 
 
11. 
Relevant Definitions 
As used in these Terms and Conditions: 
"Relevant Time (Underlying)" means the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which 
it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the 
interbank market in that Relevant Financial Centre. 
"Underlying Benchmark" means EURIBOR. 
"Underlying Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Underlying Relevant Rate" means: 
(a) 
if the Underlying Benchmark is an offered rate, an offered rate; 
(b) 
if the Underlying Benchmark is a bid rate, a bid rate; and 
(c) 
if the Underlying Benchmark is the mean of an offered and bid rate, the mean of an offered 
and bid rate, 
in each case, in respect of deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal to the Underlying 
Specified Duration. 
"Underlying Specified Duration" means the period in relation to which the Underlying Benchmark 
is specified to apply, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Underlying Spread" means the spread specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Underlying Spread Multiplier" means the multiplier specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
12. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred and Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may redeem the Notes by 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13. If the Notes are so redeemed the 
relevant Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms and calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date taking into account the Additional Disruption Event 
and/or the Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to such Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or its or their Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 13. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred and Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair 
market value of each Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not

--- Page 334 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 334 - 
 
 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or its 
or their Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Disruption Event 
Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Disruption 
Event Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Disruption Event Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Disruption Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date at a rate equal to the relevant Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, an 
amount equal to the principal amount of the relevant Note multiplied by the Principal Protected 
Termination Amount Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital 
requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the relevant Issuer determines that it has become illegal for it to maintain 
the Notes or/and to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
"Extended Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or 
capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines that (a) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes or (b) it or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency or 
capital requirements) in the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge 
positions of the Notes. 
"Government Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body, (iii) any authority or any other entity (private 
or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of 
the financial markets (including a central bank) of the relevant entity or some or of all of its obligations, 
or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in this definition. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of such Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options 
contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the relevant Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of

--- Page 335 ---
PART 5 : ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
- 335 - 
 
 
such Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of such Issuer and/or 
any of its respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue 
to do so in the future) in any Underlying Interest Rate or, unless "Hedging Arrangements" is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any options or futures contracts in relation to in any 
Underlying Interest Rate in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations (a) under the Notes or (b) 
unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the Notes (including, without limitation, any 
purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock 
loan transactions, derivatives position, commodity position or other instruments or arrangements 
(however described) by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, either individually or 
on a portfolio basis, the Notes), or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent) be materially increased under the restriction or limitation of the existing or future law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority or 
otherwise. 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging or/and Hedging 
Disruption or/and Jurisdiction Event or/and Extended Change in Law, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 336 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 336 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS 
WITH RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
This section sets out (i) provisions in relation to Notes represented by Global Notes which are set out on the 
relevant Global Note, certain of which modify the provisions set out in the Note Conditions described above 
and (ii) certain provisions in relation to Dematerialised Notes cleared through the NBB–SSS.

--- Page 337 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 337 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS 
WITH RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
This section will apply to both Non-Exempt Notes and Exempt Notes. 
Notes deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Each Series or Tranche, as the case may be, where the Notes issued in such Series or Tranche are initially in 
bearer form, will, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, initially be represented by a temporary 
Global Note, in bearer form without Coupons, with (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantee of the 
Guarantor appended thereto. Each temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, permanent Global Note (each 
a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes (a) with a common 
depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear and for Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (b) with a 
depositary for any other Relevant Clearing System, or (c) as otherwise agreed, on or about the Issue Date of 
the relevant Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). Only in the case of Notes issued by BP2F, each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Bearer Notes issued by BNPPF will not be issued in NGN form. Where the Global 
Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether 
or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any 
bearer Notes issued by BNPPF which are deposited with the National Bank of Belgium or any successor 
thereto (the "NBB") as operator of the NBB–SSS or its custodian, are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Notes issued by BNPPF in dematerialised form will be represented by a 
book-entry in the records of the NBB–SSS (as defined in the Conditions) and are also intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Note that the designation that any Notes issued are intended 
to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
would be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro 
("Eurosystem") and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend on the European Central Bank ("ECB") being satisfied that the 
eligibility criteria for use as collateral in Eurosystem monetary operations ("Eurosystem eligibility") criteria 
have been met. The common safekeeper for NGNs will be either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
No interest will be payable in respect of a temporary Global Note except as provided below. Upon deposit of 
the temporary Global Note(s) with the Common Depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, 
in the case of a NGN for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or with a depositary for any other Relevant 
Clearing System, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other Relevant Clearing System will credit 
each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by one or more Global Note(s) and such Global Note(s) is/are 
held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other Relevant Clearing System, each 
person (other than a Relevant Clearing System which is an accountholder of any other Relevant Clearing 
System) who is for the time being shown in the records of such Relevant Clearing System as the holder of a 
particular principal amount of Notes (each a "holder") (in which regard, any certificate or other document 
issued by a relevant clearing system as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall, save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be treated as 
the holder of that principal amount for all purposes (including but not limited to for the purposes of any quorum 
requirements of, or the right to demand a poll or meetings of Noteholders and giving notice to the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 9 and Condition 5.6) other than with respect to the payment of principal and interest and 
any other amounts due in respect of the Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, solely 
in the bearer of the relevant Global Note in accordance with and subject to its terms. The Conditions of the

--- Page 338 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 338 - 
 
 
relevant Notes shall be construed accordingly. Each holder must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System 
for its share of each payment made to the bearer of the relevant Global Note, subject to and in accordance with 
the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and such other Relevant Clearing 
System. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on 
the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and the obligations of such Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
The temporary Global Notes and the permanent Global Notes contain provisions which apply to the Notes 
while they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the other Conditions of the Notes set out in 
this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(a) 
Exchange: Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in part (i) for interests in a 
permanent Global Note upon (A) in the case of a CGN, presentation and (in the case of final exchange) 
surrender of such temporary Global Note at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, and (B) in the 
case of a NGN, confirmation from the common service provider that Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have made appropriate entries in their records to reflect the relevant exchange and, in the 
case of final exchange of a NGN, surrender of the temporary Global Note at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or destruction of the temporary Global Note by the common safekeeper in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement, or (ii) for Notes in Definitive form, in each case, with the Guarantee of 
the Guarantor appended to or, in the case of definitive Notes, endorsed thereon, on or after the first 
day following the expiry of 40 days after completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided that Bearer Notes which are in definitive 
form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") may not be physically delivered in Belgium. 
If the relevant Final Terms so provides, each permanent Global Note is exchangeable in whole or, in 
the case of Partly-paid Notes only, in part for Definitive Notes by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, or by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, of its intention 
to exchange such permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes as set out below, provided that 
Definitive Bearer Notes may not be physically delivered in Belgium. 
(A) If so specified in the relevant Final Terms (i) upon not less than 60 days' prior notice being given 
to the Fiscal Agent by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other Relevant Clearing System 
acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the relevant permanent Global Note expiring 
on a day on which banks are open for business in the city of the Fiscal Agent's specified office for the 
time being and on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other Relevant Clearing 
System are open for business and, in the case of Partly-paid Notes, upon satisfaction of the conditions 
applicable to them, or (ii) at any time at the request of the relevant Issuer or (B) if the relevant Final 
Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the permanent Global Note", then upon the 
request of a holder of the permanent Global Note if either of the following events occurs: (a) if 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other Relevant Clearing System is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 9 occurs, the 
bearer of such permanent Global Note, acting on the instructions of one or more holders, may give 
notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange of, or the Issuer may give notice to the 
Fiscal Agent of its intention to exchange, at the expense of the Issuer (or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Permanent Global Note in whole or, in the case of Party-Paid Notes only, 
in part for one or more Definitive Notes (if appropriate having attached to them all Coupons and 
Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amount which have not already been paid on the 
permanent Global Notes and a Talon and, where applicable, with the Guarantee of the Guarantor 
endorsed thereon) which are Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes (if the relevant permanent Global 
Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note issued by BNP Paribas Fortis Funding) of the same aggregate 
principal amount as the principal amount of Notes represented by the relevant permanent Global Note 
submitted for exchange. Any physical delivery of Definitive Notes which are Bearer Notes will be

--- Page 339 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 339 - 
 
 
made outside Belgium. On exchange of a permanent Global Note, the Issuer will procure that it is 
cancelled and returned to the bearer together with the relevant Definitive Notes 
(b) 
Payments: No payment falling due more than 40 days after the completion of the distribution of any 
Tranche represented by a temporary Global Note will be made on that temporary Global Note unless, 
upon the certification, exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note during the 
period up to 40 days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche will only be made against 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a 
Global Note will be made against presentation and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect 
of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying 
Agent specified in the relevant Final Terms Noteholders for such purpose. A record of each payment 
so made will be endorsed in the appropriate schedule to the relevant Global Note in the case of a CGN 
or entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in the case of an NGN, 
which endorsement or records as the case may be, will be prima facie evidence that such payment has 
been made in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Notices: So long as Notes of any Series are represented by a Global Note notices may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other Relevant 
Clearing System for communication by them to entitled holders in substitution for publication in a 
newspaper as provided in Condition 13.3, provided that for so long as the Notes of the Series in 
respect of which the notice is to be published are admitted to listing on the official list and to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, any such notice will also be published 
in the Luxemburger Wort or the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) (in the 
case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
and/or in such other manner as may be required by the rules and regulations of such other competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the Notes are admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation. Any such notice shall be deemed delivered on the day specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Prescription: Claims against the relevant Issuer in respect of principal and interest (as each is defined 
in the Conditions) in respect of Notes while the Notes of that Series are represented by a Global Note 
will be prescribed and become void after 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(e) 
Purchase and Cancellation:  Notes may only be purchased by the relevant Issuer or, where applicable, 
the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries, if they are purchased together with the right to 
receive all further payments of interest and any Instalment Amounts thereon. Cancellation of any Note 
surrendered for cancellation by the relevant Issuer following its purchase will be effected by reduction 
in the principal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
(f) 
Issuer's Option: No selection of Notes by drawing lots will be required under Condition 5.5 in the 
event that the relevant Issuer exercises any option relating to the Notes while all such Notes which are 
outstanding are represented by a permanent Global Note. In the event that any option of the relevant 
Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders 
with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other Relevant Clearing System in respect 
of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(any redemption of the Notes in part at the opinion of the relevant Issuer to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, 
at their discretion) or such other Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be.

--- Page 340 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 340 - 
 
 
(g) 
Noteholders' Option: Any Noteholders' option may be exercised by any holder giving notice within 
the time limits specified in the Terms and Conditions to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other Relevant Clearing System (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other Relevant Clearing System (or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper or depositary, as the case may be, for them) to the Fiscal Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other Relevant 
Clearing System from time to time. Any such notice shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the 
due date for redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or the relevant Notes 
otherwise become capable of being declared immediately due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given as specified above and instead to declare the relevant Notes immediately repayable 
pursuant to Condition 9. 
(h) 
Default: As more fully described in the Global Notes, on the day notice is served by any holder upon 
the occurrence of an event of default, the bearer will have no further rights under the Global Note in 
respect of such principal amount. In such circumstances the holders shall acquire, under a deed of 
covenant dated on or about 1 June 2022 executed by the Issuers and the Guarantor (the "Deed of 
Covenant") against the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Notes issued by BP2F) the Guarantor, all 
rights which the relevant holder in question would have had if, immediately before the bearer ceased 
to have rights under the Global Note (or part thereof), it had been holder of Definitive Notes issued on 
the issue date of the Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which such holder is shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other Relevant Clearing System. 
(i) 
Partly-paid Notes (applicable to Exempt Notes only): The provisions relating to Partly-paid Notes will 
be contained in the relevant Final Terms. For so long as any instalments of the subscription moneys 
due from the holder of Partly-paid Notes are due, no interest in a Global Note representing such Notes 
may be exchanged for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes (as the case may 
be). 
Notes issued by BNPPF and clearing through the NBB–SSS (other than Dematerialised Notes) 
If so provided in the relevant Final Terms, each Series or Tranche, as the case may be, issued by BNPPF, 
where the Notes issued in such Series or Tranche are initially in bearer form, will be represented by a 
permanent Global Note, in bearer form without Coupons, which will be deposited with the NBB as operator 
of the NBB–SSS or its custodian on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes. BNPPF has entered into a 
clearing agreement in respect of Bearer Notes cleared through the NBB–SSS (the "Bearer Notes Clearing 
Agreement") on or about 9 June 2017 with the NBB and the Domiciliary Agent. Upon receipt of the permanent 
Global Note the NBB will credit the accounts of its participants, which include Euroclear's and Clearstream, 
Frankfurt's account, being an Exempt Account, in the NBB–SSS with an aggregate amount equivalent to the 
principal amount of the permanent Global Note. Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt will then credit each 
subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. Notes issued by BNPPF and deposited with the NBB and are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Note that the designation that any Notes issued are intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility does not necessarily mean that the Notes would be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life. Such recognition will depend on the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in the permanent Global Note will be limited to persons who maintain 
accounts with the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt or persons who hold interests through such 
persons and which are Eligible Investors holding the Notes in an exempt Notes account. Certain types of

--- Page 341 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 341 - 
 
 
Belgian investors (being those that are not eligible for holding "X-accounts"), however, may not hold their 
Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream, Frankfurt (save if they do so through another intermediary financial 
institution which is also a participant in the NBB–SSS and which will be responsible for the withholding of 
tax). Please refer to the section entitled "Taxation — Belgium" above. Ownership of beneficial interests in the 
permanent Global Note will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests will be effected only through, 
records maintained by the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt and in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt and/or 
any other Relevant Clearing System as being entitled to an interest in the permanent Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt and/or such 
other Relevant Clearing System (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by BNPPF to the bearer of such permanent Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
permanent Global Note. For so long as the Notes are represented by the permanent Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against BNPPF in respect of payments due under the Notes and 
such obligations of BNPPF will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the permanent Global Note. 
The permanent Global Note contains provisions which apply to the Notes while in global form, some of which 
modify the effect of the Conditions of the Notes set out in this document. The following is a summary of 
certain of those provisions: 
(a) 
Exchange for Definitive Notes: If the relevant Final Terms so provide, each permanent Global Note is 
exchangeable in whole or, in the case of Partly-paid Notes only, in part for Definitive Notes by the 
holder giving notice to the Domiciliary Agent, or by the Issuer giving notice to the Domiciliary Agent 
and the Noteholders, of its intention to exchange such permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes as 
set out below: 
(a) If so specified in the relevant Final Terms (i) on or after any Exchange Date (as defined below) or 
(ii) at any time or (b) if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in 
the Permanent Global Note", then upon the request of the holder of the permanent Global Note if either 
of the following events occurs: (i) if the NBB–SSS, Euroclear or Clearstream, Frankfurt or any other 
Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (ii) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 9 occurs, the holder of a permanent Global Note may surrender 
such permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Domiciliary Agent. In exchange for any 
permanent Global Note BNPPF will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes (if appropriate, having attached to them 
all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts which have not already been 
paid on the permanent Global Note and a Talon), security printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system requirements and in or substantially 
in the form set out in Schedule 2 to the Agency Agreement. On exchange of each permanent Global 
Note, BNPPF will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder 
together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
"Exchange Date" means a day falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office 
of the Domiciliary Agent is located and on which the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt 
and any other Relevant Clearing System are open for business. 
If the Issuer is prevented as a result of any legal requirements from delivering, and procuring the 
delivery of, Definitive Notes in exchange for temporary or permanent Global Notes as contemplated 
herein the Issuer will use its best efforts to put in place an alternative arrangement which provides

--- Page 342 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 342 - 
 
 
investors with the same economic results whilst complying with such legal requirements. Any physical 
delivery of Definitive Notes will take place outside Belgium. 
(b) 
Payments: Payments in respect of the permanent Global Note will be made by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the NBB for distribution to accountholders with the NBB–SSS (in the case of payments in 
euro) or to Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt and the Domiciliary Agent for distribution to the 
respective accountholders (in the case of payments in currencies other than euro). 
(c) 
Payment business day: Subject as provided in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, while all 
the Notes are represented by the permanent Global Note and the permanent Global Note is deposited 
with the NBB or its custodian and cleared through the NBB–SSS, all payments in respect of the 
permanent Global Note will be made on a day on which the NBB–SSS is open. If payment is due on 
a day on which the NBB–SSS is not open, the holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount 
due until the next succeeding date on which the NBB–SSS is open and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(d) 
Meetings: The rights of accountholders with the NBB–SSS, Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt and/or 
any other Relevant Clearing System (together, the "Clearing Systems") in respect of meetings of 
Noteholders in relation to the Notes represented by the permanent Global Note will be governed by 
the standard procedures of such Relevant Clearing Systems and Belgian law. To the extent that the 
NBB does not attend and vote on behalf of Accountholders as instructed in accordance with the 
standard procedures of the Relevant Clearing Systems, Accountholders shall be entitled to attend and 
vote in such meetings in accordance with Belgian law and the Issuer shall recognise their entitlement 
accordingly. By accepting to hold the permanent Global Note, the NBB irrevocably authorises the 
Accountholders to act on its behalf in such circumstances. 
(e) 
Issuer's Option: In the event that any option of BNPPF is exercised in respect of some but not all of 
the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Frankfurt in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of the NBB, as the 
operator of the NBB–SSS, the Euroclear and Clearstream, Frankfurt or, in the absence of such 
procedures, accountholders shall have the same rights as though they held Definitive Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such accountholders' entry in its securities 
account with the Relevant Clearing System in respect of the Notes represented by the permanent 
Global Note. 
(f) 
Noteholders' Option: Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Terms and Conditions may be 
exercised by accountholders directly as though they held Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of such Accountholders' entry in its securities account with the 
Relevant Clearing System in respect of the Notes represented by the permanent Global Note. 
(g) 
Default: As more fully described in the permanent Global Notes, on the seventh day after notice is 
served by the person or persons shown in the records of the NBB–SSS, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Frankfurt or any other Relevant Clearing System as the holder or holders of the Notes in respect of 
which notice is served (the "Relevant Accountholder") upon the occurrence of an event of default, 
the bearer will have no further rights under the Global Note in whole or part. In such circumstances 
the Relevant Accountholder(s) shall acquire, under the Deed of Covenant against BNPPF all rights 
which the Relevant Accountholder in question would have had if immediately before the bearer ceased 
to have rights under the Global Note (or part thereof), it had been holder of Definitive Notes issued on 
the issue date of the permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which such Relevant Accountholder is shown in the records of the 
NBB–SSS, Euroclear or Clearstream, Frankfurt or any other Relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 343 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO GLOBAL NOTES AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
 
- 343 - 
 
 
(h) 
Partly-paid Notes: In relation to Exempt Notes only, the provisions relating to Partly-paid Notes will 
be contained in the relevant Final Terms. For so long as any instalments of the subscription moneys 
due from the holder of Partly-paid Notes are due, no interest in a permanent Global Note representing 
such Notes may be exchanged for Definitive Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes issued by BNPPF and clearing through the NBB–SSS 
If so provided in the relevant Final Terms, each Series or Tranche, as the case may be, issued by BNPPF, may 
be represented by Dematerialised Notes which will admitted to the NBB–SSS on the issue date of the relevant 
Notes. Upon the issue of the Dematerialised Notes the NBB will credit the accounts of its participants, which 
include Euroclear's and Clearstream, Frankfurt's account, being an Exempt Account, in the NBB–SSS with an 
aggregate amount equivalent to the principal amount of the Dematerialised Notes to be issued. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Frankfurt will then credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. Notes issued by BNPPF in dematerialised form will be 
represented by a book-entry in the records of the NBB–SSS and are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Note that the designation that any Notes issued are intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility does not necessarily mean that the Notes would be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life. Such recognition will depend on the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
However, certain types of Belgian investors (being those that are not eligible for holding "X-accounts") may 
not hold their Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream, Frankfurt (save if they do so through another 
intermediary financial institution which is also a participant in the NBB–SSS and which will be responsible 
for the withholding of tax). Please refer to the section entitled "Taxation — Belgium" above. Interests in the 
Dematerialised Notes will only be represented by book entries in the NBB–SSS and the transfer of such 
interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Frankfurt and in accordance with the applicable procedures of the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Frankfurt. 
Each Accountholder must look solely to the NBB–SSS, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt and/or such 
other Relevant Clearing System (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by BNPPF to the holder of the Dematerialised Notes and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
(a) 
Payments: Payments in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be made by or on behalf of the Issuer 
through the Domiciliary Agent and the NBB–SSS in accordance with the NBB Clearing System 
Regulations and the relevant Clearing System. The payment obligations of BNPPF will be discharged 
by payment to the NBB in respect of each amount so paid. 
(b) 
Payment business day: All payments in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be made on a day on 
which, inter alia, the NBB–SSS is open, as further described in the Terms and Conditions. If payment 
is due on a day on which the NBB–SSS is not open, the holder shall not be entitled to payment of the 
amount due until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. 
(c) 
Meetings: The rights of accountholders with the NBB–SSS in respect of meetings of Noteholders in 
relation to the Dematerialised Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of the NBB–SSS 
and Belgian law. To the extent that the NBB does not attend and vote on behalf of Accountholders as 
instructed in accordance with the standard procedures of the Relevant Clearing Systems, 
Accountholders shall be entitled to attend and vote in such meetings in accordance with Belgian law 
and the Issuer shall recognise their entitlement accordingly. By accepting to hold the permanent Global 
Note, the NBB irrevocably authorises the Accountholders to act on its behalf in such circumstances.

--- Page 344 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 344 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
This section sets out the different forms of guarantee that will be appended to the Global Note or endorsed on 
the definitive Note relating to the relevant issue of Notes. Any such guarantee may be Senior or Subordinated 
Tier 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 345 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 345 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
1. 
Nature of the Guarantee 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (the "Guarantor" or "BNPPF") will, by the guarantee endorsed on or 
attached to the Notes (in the case of Bearer Notes) or contained in the Deed of Covenant (in the case 
of Global Notes) (the "Guarantee"), guarantee the due and punctual payment of all amounts due by 
BNP Paribas Fortis Funding (the "Issuer") under the Notes and coupons relating to them, when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, whether by declaration or acceleration or otherwise. 
The Guarantee can be Senior or Subordinated Tier 2, as described under Condition 3 as set out in the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
2. 
Scope of the Guarantee 
The scope of the relevant guarantee is defined under Condition 3 of the section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" and in the Deed of Guarantee. 
3. 
Forms of Guarantee 
In the case of Notes issued by BP2F and guaranteed by the Guarantor, the following forms of 
guarantees (as appropriate) will be appended to the relevant Global Note or, in the case of Definitive 
Notes, endorsed thereon.

--- Page 346 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 346 - 
 
 
Form of Senior Guarantee 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV, société anonyme/naamloze vennootschap, having its statutory office at rue 
Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000, Brussels, registered with the Crossroads Bank of Enterprises under number 
0403.199.702, register of legal entities of Brussels (the "Guarantor") unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees to the holder of each Senior Note issued by BP2F (as defined below) pursuant to the agency 
agreement referred to below and, where relevant, the Coupons and/or Receipts appertaining thereto (and, 
accordingly, each reference to "this Note" and "hereto" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant Note 
so issued) the due and punctual payment, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (terms 
defined in the Terms and Conditions shall, insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used 
herein and any reference herein to the "Terms and Conditions" is to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
referred to in Part C of Schedule 2 of an amended and restated agency agreement (the "Agency Agreement") 
dated on or about 1 June 2022 between BNP Paribas Fortis Funding and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (the 
"Issuers"), the Guarantor and BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and 
including the Merger Date (as defined in the Agency Agreement), will be substituted with BNP Paribas, 
Succursale de Luxembourg) as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the Final Terms or drawdown 
prospectus attached to this Note), of the principal of, interest (if any) on, and any other amounts payable 
under, this Note upon the following terms: 
(a) 
In the event of any failure by BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING ("BP2F") to pay punctually any such 
principal, interest (if any) or other amount, the Guarantor agrees to cause each and every such 
payment to be made as if the Guarantor instead of BP2F were expressed to be the primary obligor of 
this Note or, as the case may be, of any Coupons and/or Receipts appertaining hereto to the intent that 
the holder shall receive the same amounts in respect of principal, interest (if any) or such other amount 
as would have been receivable had such payments been made by BP2F. 
(b) 
The Guarantor agrees that its obligations under this Guarantee shall be unconditional and 
irrevocable, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of any Note or any Coupon and/or 
Receipt, the absence of any action to enforce the same, the recovery of any judgment against BP2F or 
any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a discharge 
or defence of a guarantor. 
(c) 
The Guarantor confirms with respect to each Note (and Coupon and/or Receipt, if any) and the 
indebtedness evidenced thereby, that it does not have and will not assert as a defence to any claim 
hereunder any right to require any proceeding first against BP2F nor will it assert as a defence to any 
claim hereunder any lack of diligence, presentment to BP2F or the Paying Agents, any demand for 
payment from BP2F or the Paying Agents, any filing of claims with any court in the event of merger, 
insolvency or bankruptcy of BP2F, any protest, notice or any other demand whatsoever (other than a 
demand for payment of this Guarantee) and the Guarantor covenants that this Guarantee will not be 
discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in each Note (and Coupon 
and/or Receipt if any) and in this Guarantee. 
(d) 
This Guarantee constitutes a direct, unconditional, irrevocable, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions below) unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks pari passu (subject to mandatorily 
preferred debts under applicable laws) equally and rateably with all other present and future 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
(e) 
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes which relate to it.

--- Page 347 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 347 - 
 
 
(f) 
(i) 
This Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(ii) 
Subject as provided in paragraph (f)(iv) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee, including any dispute 
as to its existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of its nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with it (a "Dispute") and accordingly, each of the Guarantor and any 
Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this paragraph (f), the Guarantor waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(iv) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (A) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (B) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(v) 
The Guarantor irrevocably appoints BNP Paribas, London Branch at 10 Harewood Avenue, 
London, NW1 6AA, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute. If such process agent is unable or 
unwilling for any reason so to act, the Guarantor irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute 
process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions. The Guarantor agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate the relevant proceedings. Nothing 
shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(g) 
The Guarantor shall be subrogated in all rights of the holder of this Note (and, where relevant, the 
Coupons and/or Receipts appertaining hereto) against BP2F in respect of any amounts paid or other 
performance by the Guarantor pursuant hereto; provided that the Guarantor shall not be entitled to 
enforce or to receive any payments arising out of, or based upon, such right of subrogation unless and 
until this Note or, as the case may be, the Coupons and/or Receipts appertaining hereto shall have 
been paid in full. 
In witness whereof the Guarantor has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed. 
Dated as of 1 June 2022 
EXECUTED as a deed poll by 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
acting by : 
 
............................................. 
 
............................................. 
[Name:] 
[Title:] 
(duly authorised) 
[Name:] 
[Title:] 
(duly authorised)

--- Page 348 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 348 - 
 
 
Form of Subordinated Tier 2 Guarantee 
The following section applies to both Exempt Notes and Non-exempt Notes. 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV, société anonyme/naamloze vennootschap, having its statutory office at rue 
Montagne du Parc 3, B 1000, Brussels, registered with the Crossroads Bank of Enterprises under number 
0403.199.702, register of legal entities of Brussels (the "Guarantor") as primary obligor irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees to the holder of this Note (and, where relevant, the Coupons and/or Receipts 
appertaining hereto) as an independent and continuing guarantee the due and punctual payment, in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall, 
insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used herein and any reference herein to the 
"Terms and Conditions" is to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes referred to in Part C of Schedule 2 of an 
amended and restated agency agreement (the "Agency Agreement") dated on or about 1 June 2022 between 
BNP Paribas Fortis Funding and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, the Guarantor and BNP Paribas Securities 
Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced by the Final Terms or drawdown prospectus attached to this Note) of all amounts payable by 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING ("BP2F") on or in respect of the Notes and/or Coupons and/or Receipts 
upon the following terms: 
(a) 
If and each time that BP2F shall fail to make any payments as and when the same become due, the 
Guarantor will, subject as provided below, on demand (without requiring the Noteholder and/or 
Couponholder and/or Receiptholder first to take steps against BP2F or any other person) pay to the 
Noteholder and/or Couponholder and/or Receiptholder the amounts so payable by BP2F. In this 
connection the Guarantor expressly agrees that any reference in this Guarantee to the Terms and 
Conditions does not affect the strictly independent nature of this Guarantee. The obligations of the 
Guarantor under this Guarantee are strictly independent from the obligations of BP2F under the 
Terms and Conditions and constitute irrevocable and unconditional commitments of the Guarantor. 
Nothing in this Guarantee shall be construed as creating a surety (borgstelling/cautionnement). The 
Guarantor waives its rights under Articles 2021 and 2037 of the Old Belgian Civil Code. 
(b) 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall not be affected by any matter or thing 
which but for this provision might operate to affect the obligations including, without limitation, (i) 
any time or indulgence granted to or composition with BP2F or any other person, (ii) the taking, 
variation, renewal or release of remedies or securities against BP2F or any other person, or (iii) any 
unenforceability or invalidity. 
(c) 
Where any discharge (whether in respect of the obligations of BP2F or any security for the obligations 
of BP2F or otherwise) is made in whole or in part or any arrangement is made on the faith of any 
payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be repaid on bankruptcy, liquidation 
or otherwise without limitation, the liability of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall continue as 
if there had been no discharge or arrangement. The holder of any Note and/or Coupon and/or Receipt 
acting bona fide and in good faith, shall be entitled to concede or compromise any claim that any 
payment, security or other disposition is liable to avoidance or repayment. 
(d) 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, 
for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Guarantor by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the 
Guarantor or substitution in place of the Guarantor or a successor in the business of the Guarantor), 
the rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes in respect of or arising under 
(including any interest or damages awarded for the breach of any obligation under) this Guarantee 
shall, subject to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, rank (a) junior to the claims

--- Page 349 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 349 - 
 
 
of all the Senior Creditors and of all Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors of the Guarantor, (b) at least 
pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of the Guarantor which constitute, or would but 
for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Guarantor 
and (c) senior to (i) the claims of holders of all share and other equity capital (including preference 
shares, if any) of the Guarantor and (ii) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Guarantor which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Guarantor. 
(e) 
For the purposes of this Guarantee: 
(i) 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors" means creditors of the Guarantor whose claims are in 
respect of obligations which are subordinated to those of Senior Creditors of the Guarantor or 
which otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to obligations owed by the Guarantor 
to its Senior Creditors, and which do not constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the 
Guarantor (including this Guarantee). 
(ii) 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Guarantor whose claims are in respect of 
obligations which are unsubordinated (including, for the avoidance of doubt, holders of 
Senior Notes) or which otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to obligations which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Guarantor (including this Guarantee). 
(iii) 
"Tier 1 Capital" and "Tier 2 Capital" have the respective meanings given to such terms in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
(iv) 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, guidelines and 
policies of the Relevant Regulator (as defined in Condition 5.11), or the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in Belgium, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the 
Guarantor at such time (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including the rules contained in, or 
implementing, CRD IV). 
(v) 
"CRD IV" means, taken together, (i) the Capital Requirements Directive and (ii) the Capital 
Requirements Regulation and (iii) any Future Capital Instruments Regulations. 
(vi) 
"Capital Requirements Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced 
from time to time. 
(vii) 
"Capital Requirements Regulation" means Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) n° 648/2012, as amended or 
replaced from time to time. 
(viii) 
"Future Capital Instruments Regulations" means any further Applicable Banking 
Regulations that come into effect after the Issue Date and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Guarantor to the extent required 
by (i) the Capital Requirements Regulation or (ii) the Capital Requirements Directive. 
(f) 
In the event of an order being made or an effective resolution being passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or bankruptcy of BP2F, then immediately thereupon and without further formality the 
Guarantor shall become the principal debtor under the Notes in place of BP2F and this Guarantee 
shall cease to be of any effect and the Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders (if any) shall 
cease to have any rights or claims whatsoever against BP2F, provided that:

--- Page 350 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 350 - 
 
 
(i) 
the obligations of the Guarantor as principal debtor as aforesaid shall be subordinated to the 
same extent as its obligations under this Guarantee; and 
(ii) 
no Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder (if any) shall, as a result of any change in 
principal debtor as aforesaid, be entitled to claim from BP2F or the Guarantor any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of such change to individual 
Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders (if any) except to the extent provided for by 
Condition 7. 
(g) 
Until all amounts which may be or become payable under this Guarantee and the Notes have been 
irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not exercise any rights which it may have by reason of 
performance by it of its obligations under the Terms and Conditions or by reason of any amount being 
payable, or liability arising, under this Guarantee, to be indemnified by BP2F and/or, to take the 
benefit of any rights of any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder (if any) or claim in 
competition with any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder (if any) against BP2F. 
(h) 
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which relate to it. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this 
Guarantee and those of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or of any other document or instrument 
executed and delivered pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the provisions of this 
Guarantee shall prevail. 
(i) 
(i) 
This Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by and construed in accordance with Belgian law. 
(ii) 
Subject as provided in paragraph (iv) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee, including any dispute 
as to its existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of its nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with it (a "Dispute") and accordingly, each of the Guarantor and any 
Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this paragraph (i), the Guarantor and any Noteholders, Couponholders 
or Receiptholders waive any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(iv) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (A) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (B) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(v) 
The Guarantor irrevocably appoints BNP Paribas, London Branch at 10 Harewood Avenue, 
London, NW1 6AA, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute. If such process agent is unable or 
unwilling for any reason so to act, the Guarantor irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute 
process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions. The Guarantor agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate the relevant proceedings. Nothing 
shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
In witness whereof the Guarantor has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed. 
Dated as of the Issue Date

--- Page 351 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE 
 
 
- 351 - 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
By:   ___________________________  
[Name] 
[Title] 
(duly authorised)

--- Page 352 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 352 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT 
NOTES ONLY 
This section applies to Non-exempt Notes only. It provides a template of the Final Terms which will be 
completed with the issue specific details of the relevant Tranche of Notes. When completed, the Final Terms 
should be read in conjunction with the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Notes as described 
above.

--- Page 353 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 353 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[The Issuer accepts responsibility for this unsigned document in PDF format dated [date] and confirms 
that it is the final version of the Final Terms relating to the Notes with [Series Number [Series Number]] 
[and] [ISIN [ISIN]]/[ISIN code(s) []] for the issuance [and listing] of the Notes described herein.] / [The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for this unsigned document in PDF format dated on the date mentioned 
below that is the final version (internal reference “FV”) of the Final Terms relating to the Notes 
described herein.]] 
[Warning: 
The 2022 Base Prospectus (as defined below) relating to the issue of Notes described in these Final Terms 
is valid up to (and including) 1 June 2023. 
A new replacement base prospectus is expected to be approved and published on or before 1 June 2023 
[and then passported]. 
If the new replacement base prospectus is not approved, published and passported by 1 June 2023 for 
any reason, the Offer Period of the Notes described in these Final Terms will be terminated early on 1 
June 2023 at [16:00] CET. The Notes will be issued under the 2023 Base Prospectus (as defined below), 
except that and the terms and conditions of the Notes will be the Terms and Conditions set out in the 
2022 Base Prospectus (as defined below) (except if the offer is withdrawn in accordance with paragraph 
10(b) of Part B of these Final Terms). The new replacement base prospectus will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies will be made available at the 
registered offices of the Issuer and [BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch/BNP Paribas 
Succursale de Luxembourg] at 60, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg.] 1 
[PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared [and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation].]2 
[PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
                                                     
1 Include in respect of the public offering of a Tranche of Notes for which the offer period spans the update of the Base Prospectus. 
2 Include if "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is specified as applicable.

--- Page 354 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 354 - 
 
 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS – The Notes may not be advertised to any 
individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and the Notes may not be offered, 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and no prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or 
any similar documents in relation to the Notes may be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer.]4 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability (société anonyme/naamloze vennootschap) under 
the laws of Belgium, having its registered office in rue Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels, and registered 
with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under No. 0403.199.702)] 
[BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
(incorporated as a société anonyme under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered 
office at 19, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the 
Registry of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under No. B 24.784)] 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV] 
under the 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A– CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold 
to non-qualified investors.]5 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated []] (copies of which are available 
as described below) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
                                                     
3 Include if "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is specified as applicable. 
4 Include in respect of an offer of Notes if Belgium is one of the relevant jurisdictions in which the Notes will be offered, unless relevant elections are 
made in the Final Terms to comply with Belgian consumer protection rules.  Please note that for the purposes of the Belgian consumer protection 
regulations, a consumer is a natural person habitually resident in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession.  
This means that the consumer concept is not identical to the retail investor concept under MiFID II. 
5 Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 355 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 355 - 
 
 
Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary is annexed to these Final Terms.]  The 
Base Prospectus [(including the supplements thereto)] is available for viewing at the [website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and on the] [website of the Issuer ([www.bnpparibasfortis.be 
/ www.bp2f.lu])] and copies may be obtained from BNP Paribas Fortis Funding at 19, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV at rue Montagne du Parc 3, 
B-1000 Brussels and from the Fiscal Agent, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch/BNP 
Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [17 June 2009] [17 June 2010] [17 June 2011] [13 June 2012] [14 June 
2013 [and the supplement to it dated 25 September 2013]] [13 June 2014 [and the supplement to it dated 26 
June 2014]] [12 June 2015 [and the supplement to it dated 3 September 2015]] [13 June 2016 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [27 February 2017] [and] [26 April 2017]] [9 June 2017 [and the supplement to it 
dated 16 March 2018]] [6 June 2018] [5 June 2019] [4 June 2020] [3 June 2021] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated []] (copies of which are available as 
described below) which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]  The Base Prospectus [(including any the supplements thereto)] is available for viewing at the [website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] and copies may be obtained from BNP Paribas Fortis 
Funding at 19, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV at rue Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels and from the Fiscal Agent, [BNP Paribas Securities 
Services, Luxembourg Branch/BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg] at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.] 
(The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes where the public offer spans an update 
to the Base Prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated []] (copies of which are available 
as described below) (the "2022 Base Prospectus"), notwithstanding the approval of an updated base 
prospectus which will replace the 2022 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and (i) prior to the publication of the 2023 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 
2022 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and (ii) after the publication of the 2023 Base Prospectus, must be 
read in conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the 2022 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 2022 Base Prospectus as so supplemented constitutes, 
and the 2023 Base Prospectus will constitute, a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a 
combination of these Final Terms and (i) prior to the publication of the 2023 Base Prospectus, the 2022 Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] and (ii) after the publication of the 2023 Base Prospectus, the 2023 Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2022 Base Prospectus as so 
supplemented. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]  The 2022 Base Prospectus 
[(including the supplements thereto)] is, and the 2023 Base Prospectus will be, available for viewing at the 
[website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [on the website of the Issuer

--- Page 356 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 356 - 
 
 
([www.bnpparibasfortis.be / www.bp2f.lu])] and at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/offering-
documents.] 
[As the Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Bourse de Luxembourg, which is the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("Luxembourg Regulated Market"), this Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and will be available 
at www.bnpparibasfortis.be.] 
 [As the Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels 
("Brussels Regulated Market"), this Final Terms may be obtained at www.bnpparibasfortis.be.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series 
with 
[Note: 
Provide 
Issue 
Amount/ISIN/Maturity Date/Issue Date of earlier 
tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
37 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
(a) Specified Currency 
[] (Specify the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated)6 
(b) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] 
(If the Notes are not Dual Currency 
Notes, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Specified Exchange Rate: 
[specify 
set 
exchange 
rate][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specified Exchange Rate should be completed if the 
exchange rate is set up-front) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[the exchange rate at [specify 
time], expressed as the amount of [specify currency] 
for which one [specify currency unit] may be 
exchanged by reference to [specify source] (or any 
successor [page] thereto, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent)]/[the exchange rate obtained by 
multiplying (i) [specify first exchange rate] and (ii) 
[specify second exchange rate], with [specify first 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
                                                     
6 X/N Notes may be denominated in any currency, provided that X/N Notes in such currency may be cleared and settled in the NBB–SSS and subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements

--- Page 357 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 357 - 
 
 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify time] and [specify second 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify time]] 
Reference Dealers 
[] 
Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date: 
[] Business Days (Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate Provisions not required if the Specified 
Currency and the Settlement Currency are the 
same). 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
Account Information Cut-off Date: 
[[20/[]] [calendar days] following receipt of the 
Issuer Account Information Notice][specify] 
Final Account Information Cut-off 
Date: 
[[40/[]] [calendar days] following deemed receipt 
of the Issuer Account Information Notice][specify]] 
(c) 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
(Condition 6.10) 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
[USD] / [EUR] 
Deduction 
of 
FX 
Settlement 
Disruption Expenses (Condition 
6.10(b)(B)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes][Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes][Registered Notes][Dematerialised Notes] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount of 
the Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date]] 
(in the case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
[which will be payable in the Settlement Currency at 
the Settlement Currency equivalent of such amount

--- Page 358 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 358 - 
 
 
determined by reference to the Initial FX Rate. 
Where: 
 
"Initial FX Rate" means [specify]/ [the exchange 
rate at [specify time] on the [[] Business Day prior 
to the Issue Date], expressed as the amount of 
[specify currency] for which one [specify currency] 
may be exchanged determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to [specify source] (or any 
successor [page] thereto, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), provided that if such source is 
not available, any such rate of exchange may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent [by reference 
to 
such 
sources 
as 
it 
considers 
to 
be 
appropriate]]/[the exchange rate obtained by 
multiplying (i) [specify first exchange rate] and (ii) 
[specify second exchange rate], with [specify first 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify date/time] and [specify second 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify date/time] provided that if any 
such source is not available, any such rate of 
exchange may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent [by reference to such sources as it considers 
to be appropriate]] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
 
(Notes issued by BNPPF under the Programme 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market situated or operating within a Member State 
or which are to be offered to the public in one or 
more Member States (where the terms "regulated 
market" and "offer to the public" are within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) may not have 
a minimum denomination of less than EUR 1,000 (or 
nearly equivalent in another currency)) 
 
[[EUR] 100,000 and integral multiples of [EUR] 
1,000 in excess thereof up to and including [EUR] 
199,000. No notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [EUR] 199,000.]

--- Page 359 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 359 - 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used 
for the calculation of interest and redemption 
amounts) will be (a) if there is only one Specified 
Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Notes or (b) if there are several Specified 
Denominations, the highest common factor of those 
Specified Denominations (note: there must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations)) 
(c) 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Minimum Subscription Amount 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes) 
(c) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[], [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
[The Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) 
the Notes must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and 
be sold only to "professional investors" or (ii) 
another applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
FSMA must be available.)  
 
(For Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date 
must be no less than one year from the Issue Date of 
such Senior Non Preferred Notes.) 
 
(See Condition 5.1 in respect of Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 360 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 360 - 
 
 
 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[EURIBOR/SONIA / SOFR/€STR] +/- []] 
 
[] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest] 
 
[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest] 
 
[Non-Interest Bearing] 
 
[and Dual Currency Interest Notes] (If the Notes are 
Dual Currency Interest Notes, another Interest Basis 
must always be specified) 
 
[see paragraph [17][18][19][20][21][22][23] below] 
10. 
Redemption Amount: 
[[100][]] per cent. of its principal amount] 
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption] 
[and Dual Currency Redemption Notes] 
 
[further particulars specified below] 
11. 
Change of Interest: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [18/19] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [18/19] applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Terms of redemption at the option of the 
Issuer/Noteholders or other 
Issuer's/Noteholders' option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[further particulars specified below] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior / Senior Preferred / Senior Non-Preferrred / 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes] 
 
[MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Variation: 
applicable] (Only relevant in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) 
 
[Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
Variation: 
applicable] (Only relevant in the case of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes)

--- Page 361 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 361 - 
 
 
 
[Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event: 
applicable] (Only relevant in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee  
[Senior / Not Applicable / Subordinated Tier 2 
Guarantee]7 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-off 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating interest and/or redemption 
amounts due: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Knock-in Event8: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Conditions 1 and 5 shall apply][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 8 shall apply]] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range 
Level: 
[specify]/[[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]]/[FX Knock-in Level: 
 
[Knock-in Average Value 
 
Knock-in Averaging Dates:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)]] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-in 
 
Knock-in Observation Date:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
                                                     
7 Add the following language if Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the particular tranche of notes or related guarantee (delete accordingly 
where the Issuer is BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV: Date of [BP2F's Board and Guarantor's BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV's Management Committee approval 
for issue of Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 11 May 2022 [and 12 May 2022, respectively]  
8 Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes.

--- Page 362 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 362 - 
 
 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-in 
 
Resettable Knock-in Period:  [] 
 
Knock-in 
Observation 
Date(s): 
 
[] 
[Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]]] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Convention:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 8]] 
(e) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business 
Day] in the Knock-in Determination Period] 
(f) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
8]]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in Determination 
Day]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Knock-out Event9: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Conditions 1 and 5 shall apply][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 8 shall apply]] 
                                                     
9 Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes.

--- Page 363 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 363 - 
 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Level /Knock-out 
Range Level: 
[specify][[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]]/[FX Knock-out Level: 
 
[Knock-out Average Value 
 
Knock-out Averaging Dates:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)]] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-out 
 
Knock-out 
Observation 
Date: 
 
[] 
[Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-out 
 
Resettable Knock-out Period:  [] 
 
Knock-out Observation Date(s):  [] 
[Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]]] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 364 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 364 - 
 
 
(c) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 8]] 
(e) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business 
Day] in the Knock-out Determination Period] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 8]] [Any time on a 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17. 
General Interest Provisions: 
 
(a) 
Interest Payment Date(s)[/Specified 
Period10]: 
[specify period] [[] in each year] [adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (d) below] [for the purpose of payment only] 
or [Not subject to adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purposes of determining interest 
payment days) 
(b) 
[Interest Period Dates(s): 
[[] [adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (d) below] [for the purpose of 
payment only] or [Not subject to adjustment as the 
Business Day Convention in (d) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable]] [As per Condition 4.10]]11 
 
(A Business Day Convention must be applied where 
the floating rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Act
                                                     
10 Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only. 
11 Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only.

--- Page 365 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 365 - 
 
 
ual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]] 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] (N.B. to be checked whether 
relevant Business Day Convention satisfies the 
requirements of the Relevant Clearing System) 
(e) 
[Interest Accrual Period: 
[] [As per Condition 4.10]]12 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purpose of interest accrual 
periods) 
(f) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]/[As per 
Condition 4.6] 
(g) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[If applicable: Payout Conditions 1(a), 1(b), 1(f) and 
2 apply] 
 
[Fixed Rate – see item 18 below] 
 
[Floating Rate – see item 19 below] 
 
[[Inflation 
Index/Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate/Underlying Interest Rate]-Linked Interest] 
 
[Fixed Income Interest Rates: 
 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(i)): 
 
FI Upper Barrier Level: [[specify] per cent.] / [insert 
level] (specify for each Underlying Reference)  
 
[FI Lower Barrier Level: [[specify] per cent.]/[insert 
level] (specify for each Underlying Reference)] 
 
FI Digital Coupon Condition: [greater than / less 
than / equal to or greater than / less than or equal to] 
(specify for each Underlying Reference) the FI 
Upper Barrier Level [[and/or] [greater than / less 
than / equal to or greater than / less than or equal to] 
(specify for each Underlying Reference) the FI 
Lower Barrier Level] 
                                                     
12 Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only.

--- Page 366 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 366 - 
 
 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
2: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Gearing A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant B: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate A: [Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
FI Rate B: [Rate/Inflation Rate] (FI Rate A and FI 
Rate B should either both specify Rate or both 
specify Inflation Rate) 
 
[Inflation Rate: [YoY Inflation Rate / Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
[Strike Date: [] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): [Specify]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(ii)): 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate: 
[Rate/Inflation Rate]

--- Page 367 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 367 - 
 
 
 
[Inflation Rate: 
[YoY Inflation Rate / 
Cumulative 
Inflation 
Rate] 
 
Strike Date: 
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up: [specify] 
per cent. (specify for each Underlying Reference)] 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down: 
[specify] per cent. (specify for each Underlying 
Reference) 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition: [greater than / 
less than / equal to or greater than / less than or equal 
to] (specify for each Underlying Reference) the 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 
[[and/or] [greater than / less than / equal to or greater 
than / less than or equal to] (specify for each 
Underlying Reference) the Range Accrual Coupon 
Barrier Level Up] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
2: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Range Period: [specify] 
 
Range 
Accrual 
Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Business 
Day/Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Determination Date/calendar day] 
 
Deemed Range Accrual: [Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Range Cut-off Date: [specify] 
 
Range Period End Date: []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): []] 
 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable (see 
Payout Condition 1(a)(iii)):

--- Page 368 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 368 - 
 
 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Margin: 
[specify] per cent. per 
annum. 
 
Local Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing:  
[specify] per cent. for 
Rate[(i)] (repeat for each 
Rate) 
 
FI Rate: 
[Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
[Inflation Rate: 
[YoY Inflation Rate / 
Cumulative 
Inflation 
Rate] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s): 
[]] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1(a)(iv)): 
 
Coupon Percentage 1:   
[] per cent. 
 
Coupon Percentage 2:   
[] per cent. 
 
Cap:   
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
[FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify]] 
 
[Averaging: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to

--- Page 369 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 369 - 
 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price:  
[[]/ 
 
[Initial 
Closing 
Value:   
 
 
Strike Date:   
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial 
Average 
Value: 
 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
[Averaging Date 
Consequences:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(v)): 
 
Digital Floor Percentage 
1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Floor Percentage 
2:   
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value:   
[Performance 
Value/Worst Value/Best 
Value/Multi-Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average 
FI 
Basket 
Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify percentage per 
Underlying Reference]]

--- Page 370 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 370 - 
 
 
 
FI Digital Floor Level:   
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value: 
 
 
FX 
Averaging 
Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
  
 
Resettable 
Period:   
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to

--- Page 371 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 371 - 
 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-] []]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
  
 
Strike Date:   
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(vi)):

--- Page 372 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 372 - 
 
 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
1:   
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
2:   
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value:   
[Performance 
Value/Worst Value/Best 
Value/Multi-Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average 
FI 
Basket 
Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify percentage per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Cap Level: 
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value: 
 
 
FX 
Averaging 
Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to

--- Page 373 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 373 - 
 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
 
 
Resettable 
Period:   
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-] []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price:  
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
  
 
Strike Date:   
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note

--- Page 374 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 374 - 
 
 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
 [Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
 []]] 
 
[FI 
Target 
Coupon 
Notes 
(see 
Payout 
Condition 1(a)(vii)) 
 
Target 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
Target 
Determination 
Date: 
[specify]] 
 
[FI 
FX 
Vanilla 
Notes 
(see 
Payout 
Condition 1(a)(viii)): 
 
Gearing:   
[] per cent. 
 
Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Dates:   
[specify] 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to

--- Page 375 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 375 - 
 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value: 
 
 
Strike Date: 
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Plus Coupon Notes (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(ix)): 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
2: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value: 
[Performance 
Value/Worst Value/Best 
Value/Multi-Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average 
FI 
Basket 
Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify percentage per 
Underlying Reference]]

--- Page 376 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 376 - 
 
 
 
FI Digital Plus Level:   
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average Value: 
 
 
FX 
Averaging 
Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable Level:   
  
 
Resettable 
Period:   
[specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to

--- Page 377 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 377 - 
 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment:   
[+/-] []]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
 
 
Strike Date:   
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]]] 
 
[Rate: 
 
 
[Fixed Rate – see item 18 below]

--- Page 378 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 378 - 
 
 
 
[Floating Rate – see item 19 below]] 
18. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (b) for each such rate and, if FI 
Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between 
the Rate which is FI Rate A and the Rate which is FI 
Rate B) 
(a) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semiannually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []][Not Applicable] 
19. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (f) for each such rate and, if FI 
Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between 
the Rate which is FI Rate A and the Rate which is FI 
Rate B) 
(a) 
Reference Banks: 
[specify four] 
(b) 
Spread (if applicable): 
[[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]]. 
(c) 
Spread Multiplier (if applicable): 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
Relevant Time (if applicable): 
[]/[Condition 4 applies]/[Not Applicable]  
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable: [IBOR][SONIA][SOFR]/[€STR][Not 
Applicable] 
– 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[] Business Days in [specify city] prior to] [the 
first day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
[[] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] (Include where the floating rate is 
SONIA)

--- Page 379 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 379 - 
 
 
[[] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date] (Include where 
the floating rate is SOFR) 
[[] TARGET2 Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] (Include where the floating rate is 
€STR) 
 
(Indicate Interest Determination Date and specify if 
the calculation is to be made at the beginning /end 
of the period) 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purpose of Interest Determination 
Dates) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/[The SOFR Screen Page]/[ECB Website]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)) 
– 
[Unwind Costs relating to 
Replacement Benchmarks: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant for floating rates other than SONIA 
and SOFR) 
– 
[Calculation Method: 
[Include where the floating rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the floating rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift]/[SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift]]] 
– 
[Observation Method: 
[[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]/[SONIA 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]] (Include where the floating rate 
is SONIA) 
[[Lag]/[Shift]] (Include where the floating rate is 
€STR)] 
– 
[Lookback Period: 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] (Include where the 
floating rate is SONIA and ensure all Early 
Redemption Amounts are determined by reference to

--- Page 380 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 380 - 
 
 
fair market value and include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest) 
 
[[specify] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the floating rate is SOFR (where the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR 
Compound with Lookback) and ensure that any 
Early Redemption Amounts are determined by 
reference to fair market value and include amounts 
in respect of accrued interest.) 
[[specify] [TARGET2 Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] (Include where the 
floating rate is €STR and ensure that all Early 
Redemption Amounts are determined by reference to 
fair market value and include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest) 
– 
[Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the floating rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR 
with Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
– 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not applicable]] 
(Include where the floating rate is SOFR. Must apply 
where the Calculation Method is SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean) 
– 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in Security 
Condition 4.4(c)(iv).]] 
– 
[Rate Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] (Include where the 
floating rate is €STR) 
– 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the floating rate is either SOFR or 
€STR) 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 381 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 381 - 
 
 
– 
Margin 
[+/-] []/[Not Applicable] 
20. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amortisation Yield (Zero 
Coupon/High Interest/Low Interest 
Note): 
[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price (Zero 
Coupon/High Interest/Low Interest 
Note): 
[] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
21. 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (i) for each such Inflation Rate 
and, if FI Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish 
between the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and 
the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate B and the 
Inflation Index which is Underlying Reference 1 and 
the Inflation Index which is Underlying Reference 2) 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Part 
3 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Index: 
[] 
 
[Composite/Non-composite] 
(b) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[]  
(c) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify: 
[] / [Fallback Bond]] 
(e) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Index Sponsor: 
[]

--- Page 382 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 382 - 
 
 
(h) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(j) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]/ [Hedging Disruption] 
/ [Index Modification] : [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] / 
[Extended Currency Event] / [Currency Event] 
(k) 
Rebasing (Inflation Index-Linked 
Note Condition 4.5) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption Event (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.7) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Index Cancellation (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.8) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected

--- Page 383 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 383 - 
 
 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
[The Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions at Part 4 of the Conditions apply.] 
(a) 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies]/ ([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Weighting: 
[specify]  
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Disruption Event: 
 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to []/[five] (If no Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
Disruption Events 
[Price Source Disruption] / [Illiquidity Disruption] / 
[Dual Exchange Rate] / [paragraph (d) of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 6] / 
[paragraph (d) of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 6, other than in respect of 
Illiquidity Disruption] 
Early Redemption / Monetisation 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 384 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 384 - 
 
 
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Reference Dealers 
[specify] 
 
 
(f) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protection 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(i) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[] [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(j) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(k) 
Strike Date: 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(l) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
(m) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption 
Event 
(Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 11) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] /

--- Page 385 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 385 - 
 
 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
23. 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (a) to (i) below for each 
such Underlying Interest Rate and, if FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the 
Underlying Interest Rate which is FI Rate A and the 
Underlying Interest Rate which is FI Rate B and the 
Underlying Interest Rate which is Underlying 
Reference 1 and the Underlying Interest Rate which 
is Underlying Reference 2) 
 
[The 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Conditions at Part 5 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Underlying Interest Rate 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:")  
(b) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS-Rate Determination] 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
EURIBOR 
 
Underlying Specified 
Duration: 
[specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
(Underlying): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

--- Page 386 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 386 - 
 
 
 
Underlying Reference 
Banks: 
[specify four] 
 
Relevant Time 
(Underlying): 
[specify] 
 
[Unwind Costs relating to 
Replacement Benchmarks: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant for floating rates other than SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR) 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
Underlying Margin: 
[specify] 
(e) 
CMS-Rate Determination 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
Specified Swap Rate:  
[Swap rate/Annual swap rate/Semi-annual swap 
rate/ Quarterly swap rate/Quarterly-annual swap 
rate/Quarterly-quarterly swap rate] 
 
Designated Maturity 
(CMS): 
[specify] 
 
Reference Currency 
(CMS): 
[specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
(CMS): 
[specify] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
Underlying Margin:  
[specify] 
 
Consequences of a CMS 
Rate Early Redemption 
Event: 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected

--- Page 387 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 387 - 
 
 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Notes will be sold to 
Belgian Consumers unless the Early Redemption 
Amount is Highest Value (Structured) or Highest 
Value (Vanilla)) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Not Applicable if the Notes will be sold 
to Belgian Consumers) 
(f) 
Underlying Spread: 
[[+/-[]] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Underlying Spread Multiplier: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Minimum Underlying Interest 
Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Maximum Underlying Interest 
Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items (b) to 
(i)) 
(j) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protection Termination Amount: [Not 
Applicable] / [Applicable. The Principal Protection 
Termination Amount Percentage is [] per cent.] 
(k) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Hedging Disruption] 
/ [Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption 
Event 
(Underlying

--- Page 388 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 388 - 
 
 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 12): 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
24. 
Principal Protected Amount 
[[100][] per cent. of its principal amount]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
25. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
or other Issuer's option (pursuant to 
Condition 5.5) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Issuer's Option Period: 
[Insert period] 
 
(Option Period must end no later than 5 Clearing 
System Business Days prior to the date on which the 
Issuer's option is to be exercised, where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which the 
Relevant Clearing System through which the notes 
are held is open for business) 
 
(Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries (for example, 
clearing systems will normally require a minimum of 
5 Clearing System Business Days to process any 
notice), as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and Agents) 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
– 
Minimum Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 389 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 389 - 
 
 
– 
Maximum Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Estimated Call Option Value 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount in 
respect of the Tranche] / [Not applicable] 
26. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholder or other Noteholder's option 
(pursuant to Condition 5.6) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Noteholder's Option Period: 
[Insert period] 
 
(Option Period must end no later than ten Clearing 
System Business Days prior to the date on which the 
Issuer's option is to be exercised, where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which the 
Relevant Clearing System through which the notes 
are held is open for business) 
 
(Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries (for example, 
clearing systems will normally require a minimum of 
5 Clearing System Business Days to process any 
notice) as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and Agents) 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[Principal Protected Amount] / [Market Value [less 
Costs] ] [(which [does not] include[s] amounts in 
respect of accrued interest)]/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Redemption or Amendment of Notes for 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
(pursuant to Condition 5.15) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
28. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[Calculation Amount x [] per cent.]/[Final Payout] 
per Calculation Amount 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 390 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 390 - 
 
 
 
[If applicable: Payout Conditions 1(c), 1(f) and 2 
apply] 
 
[FI 
FX 
Vanilla 
Notes 
(see 
Payout 
Condition 1(c)(i)): 
 
Gearing:   
[] per cent. 
 
Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor:  
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value: 
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI 
Redemption 
Valuation Dates:   
[specify] 
 
Averaging:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:  
 
 
Strike Date:   
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
  
 
Strike Days:   
[]

--- Page 391 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 391 - 
 
 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:   
[]] 
 
FI 
Constant 
Percentage 1 
[] per cent.] 
 
[FI Inflation Notes (see Payout Condition 1(c)(ii): 
 
FI 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
Strike Date: 
[]] 
29. 
Automatic Early Redemption13 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert if applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 6 applies][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 9 applies] 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event specified in 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 6; "greater than"/ "greater than or equal 
to" / "less than" / "less than or equal to"] 
[Target 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption] 
[FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption] [FI 
Coupon Automatic Early Redemption] [Standard 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
"greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less 
than or equal to"] 
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption (see Payout 
Condition 1(d)(i)): 
 
Final Interest Rate: [Capped and Guaranteed 
Applicable][Capped 
and 
Guaranteed 
Not 
Applicable][Capped Only][Guaranteed Only] 
 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption (see 
Payout Condition 1(d)(ii): 
 
[Accrual 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
                                                     
13 Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes.

--- Page 392 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 392 - 
 
 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption (see 
Payout Condition 1(d)(iii): 
 
Coupon Cap: [] per cent.] 
(d) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Down: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(i) 
AER Rate: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period: 
[specify] 
 
(For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is 
the underlying interest rate determination date (i.e. 
2 business days prior to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date)) 
30. 
Inflation Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Part 
3 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
[Composite/non Composite] 
(b) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable, specify: 
[]/[Fallback Bond]] 
(d) 
Issuer of Related Bond:  
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(g) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 393 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 393 - 
 
 
(h) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(i) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events:  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]/ [Hedging Disruption] 
/ [Index Modification] : [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] / 
[Extended Currency Event] / [Currency Event] 
(j) 
Rebasing (Additional Condition 
4.5) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market 
Value 3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market 
Value] / [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal 
Protected Amount] [(including amounts in respect of 
accrued interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption Event (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.7) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market 
Value 3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market 
Value] / [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal 
Protected Amount] [(including amounts in respect of 
accrued interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Index Cancellation (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.8) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market 
Value 3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market 
Value] / [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal

--- Page 394 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 394 - 
 
 
Protected Amount] [(including amounts in respect of 
accrued interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
31. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions at Part 4 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(c) 
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] ([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Disruption Event: 
 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to []/[five] (If no Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
Disruption Events 
[Price Source Disruption] / [Illiquidity Disruption] / 
[Dual Exchange Rate] / [paragraph (d) of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 6] / 
[paragraph (d) of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 6, other than in respect of 
Illiquidity Disruption] 
Early Redemption / Monetisation 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected

--- Page 395 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 395 - 
 
 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Reference Dealers 
[specify] 
(g) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(i) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protection 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(j) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(k) 
Strike Date(s): 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(l) 
Observation Date(s) 
[specify] 
(m) 
Observation Period 
[specify] 
(n) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events:  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
(o) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption Event (Foreign

--- Page 396 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 396 - 
 
 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 11) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
32. 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Conditions at Part 5 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Underlying Interest Rate 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:")  
(b) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Underlying Benchmark: 
EURIBOR 
- 
Underlying Specified Duration: 
[specify] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page 
(Underlying): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
- 
Underlying Reference Banks: 
[specify four] 
- 
Relevant Time (Underlying): 
[specify]

--- Page 397 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 397 - 
 
 
- 
[Unwind Costs relating to 
Replacement Benchmarks: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant for floating rates other than SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR) 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
sub-paragraph) 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
- 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
- 
Underlying Margin: 
[specify] 
(e) 
CMS-Rate Determination 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[Swap rate/Annual swap rate/Semi-annual swap 
rate/ Quarterly swap rate/Quarterly-annual swap 
rate/Quarterly-quarterly swap rate] 
- 
Designated Maturity (CMS): 
[specify] 
- 
Reference Maturity (CMS): 
[specify] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page (CMS): 
[specify] 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
- 
Underlying Margin: 
[specify] 
- 
Consequences of a CMS Rate Early 
Redemption Event: 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Notes will be sold to 
Belgian Consumers unless the Early Redemption 
Amount is Highest Value (Structured) or Highest 
Value (Vanilla))

--- Page 398 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 398 - 
 
 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Not Applicable if the Notes will be sold 
to Belgian Consumers) 
(f) 
Underlying Spread: 
[[+/-[]] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Underlying Spread Multiplier: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protection Termination Amount: [Not 
Applicable] / [Applicable. The Principal Protection 
Termination Amount Percentage is [] per cent.] 
(i) 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]/ [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
(j) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption 
Event 
(Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 11) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
33. 
Early Redemption Amount  
 
(a) 
Early redemption for taxation 
reasons (pursuant to Condition 
5.2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) and insert "do not 
apply" in paragraph 43 (Taxation))

--- Page 399 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 399 - 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
of each Note payable on 
redemption: 
 
 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
(ii) 
Payment of additional 
amounts in case of tax 
changes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable, the Issuer will not pay 
any additional amount in case of tax changes] 
(iii) 
Early redemption 
permitted: 
[Only on an Interest Payment Date/At any time] 
(iv) 
Minimum notice period: 
[insert period] days 
Maximum notice period: 
[insert period] days 
(b) 
Early redemption on event of 
default (pursuant to Condition 9.1): 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
of each Note payable on 
early redemption: 
[Principal Protected Amount: [100] [] per cent. of 
its principal amount/Market Value [less Costs] 
[(which [does not] include[s] amounts in respect of 
accrued interest)] 
(c) 
Early redemption for Significant 
Alteration Event (Issuer) and Force 
Majeure (Issuer) pursuant to 
Condition 5.7): 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Significant Alteration 
Event (Issuer)) 
[Highest Value /(Structured)] / [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
(ii) 
Monetisation Option 
(Significant Alteration 
Event (Issuer)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
Force Majeure ((Issuer)) 
[Highest Value (Structured)] / [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected

--- Page 400 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 400 - 
 
 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
(iv) 
(Condition 5.7(c)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Highest Value (Structured)] / [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
(d) 
Early redemption following an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(pursuant to Condition 5.10) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note [payable on early 
redemption]: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount][(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option (MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Early redemption following a 
Capital Disqualification Event 
(pursuant to Condition 5.11): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note [payable on early 
redemption]: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount][(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option (Capital 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
34. 
Instalment Date(s) (if applicable): 
[][Not Applicable] 
35. 
Instalment Amount(s) (if applicable): 
[][Not Applicable] 
36. 
Unmatured Coupons to become void upon 
early redemption: 
Unmatured Coupons will [not] become void upon 
the due date for redemption. 
 
(Specify that Coupons will become void where the 
Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and the principal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest

--- Page 401 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 401 - 
 
 
payable thereon or if the Notes are not Fixed Rate 
Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
37. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]/[on 60 days' 
notice]/[at any time]] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on or after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]/[on 60 days' 
notice]/[at any time]] (Insert this option for Notes 
issued by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and cleared 
through the NBB–SSS) 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect:  "[EUR] [100,000] and integral multiples of 
[EUR] [1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[EUR] [199,000].". Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes) 
 
[Registered Notes in definitive form] 
 
[Dematerialised Notes] 
38. 
[New Global Note:](delete if Registered 
Notes) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If "Not Applicable" is specified, ensure that "Not 
Applicable" is also specified for Eurosystem 
eligibility in the relevant paragraph of section 9 of 
Part B of these Final Terms, and if "Applicable" is 
specified, ensure that the appropriate specification 
is made thereto in respect of Eurosystem eligibility) 
39. 
Business Day Jurisdictions for 
Condition 6.7 and any special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.]  (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of

--- Page 402 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 402 - 
 
 
calculating the amount of interest, to which item 
17(a) relates) 
40. 
Talons to be attached to Notes and, if 
applicable, the number of Interest Payment 
Dates between the maturity of each Talon: 
[No/Yes, maturing every [27] Interest Payment 
Dates] 
41. 
Details relating to Redemption by 
Instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (with respect to dates, 
indicate whether they are subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention) 
42. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes at the request of the 
holder at the expense of: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[The 
Issuer/Noteholder 
if 
permitted by applicable law] (Indicate which party 
will pay the costs of exchange for Definitive Notes at 
the request of the Noteholder) 
43. 
Taxation: 
The provisions of Condition 7 [do not] apply. 
44. 
Condition 10.3 (Modification upon 
Significant Alteration Event (Issuer) or 
Force Majeure (Issuer)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
45. 
Essential Trigger (Condition 16.2 
(Jurisdiction)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]14 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
By: 
[Director] 
[Director]]15 
                                                     
14 Include where any information sourced from a third party has been reproduced, and provide necessary details. 
15 To be deleted if the Final Terms are not signed.

--- Page 403 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 403 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the [professional 
segment of the]16 regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[][and the Notes are only intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to professional 
clients as defined in MiFID II]17] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of][ Euronext in Brussels] with 
effect from []] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing 
on the official list and to trading on the [professional 
segment of the]16 regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[][and the Notes are only intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to professional 
clients as defined in MiFID II]18] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the regulated market of][ Euronext in Brussels] 
with effect from []] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(b) 
[Estimates of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[]]19 
 
(Only the estimated costs of listing should be 
included here) 
                                                     
16 If the Notes are listed on the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, ensure the Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors are applicable and amend as applicable. 
17 Only include if the Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
18 Only include if the Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
19 Do not include this information if the minimum denomination of the Notes is less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)

--- Page 404 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 404 - 
 
 
2. 
[RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[S & P: []] 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
[[insert legal name of any other rating agency]: []] 
 
Each of [S&P], [Moody's] and [Fitch] is established 
and operating in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation, as set out within the list 
of 
registered 
CRAs 
by 
ESMA 
(http://esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs).   
 
[[insert legal name of any other rating agency] is 
established and operating in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation, as set out 
within the list of registered CRAs dated by ESMA 
(http://esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs)] / [[insert legal name of any other 
rating agency] is established and operating outside 
the European Union, and is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation] / [[insert legal name of 
any other rating agency] is established and operating 
outside the European Union, and the ratings assigned 
by it to the Notes have been endorsed by [insert legal 
name of endorsing rating agency], a rating agency 
that is established and operating in the European 
Union, and registered under the CRA Regulation] / 
[[insert legal name of any other rating agency] is 
established and operating outside the European 
Union, and is not registered under the CRA 
Regulation]  
 
For the purposes of the above, "S&P" means [S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited], "Moody's" means 
[Moody's Investors Service Limited], "Fitch" means 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd], and "CRA Regulation" 
means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if previously published by the rating provider 
and not already included in the Base Prospectus] 
The above mentioned ratings are the credit 
ratings assigned to the Programme: 
[Yes /No]

--- Page 405 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 405 - 
 
 
The above mentioned ratings are specific 
credit ratings only assigned to this Tranche 
of Notes: 
[Yes /No] 
3. 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
ISSUE[/OFFER] 
Save [for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers]][[and] save for []], so far as the Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue[/offer] of the Notes has an interest 
material to the issue[/offer], including conflicting interests. [The Managers/Dealers] and other 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and 
[its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests including, without limitation, any conflicting interests 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
[Reasons for the offer 
[The net proceeds from the issue of Notes will be 
used by the Issuer to meet part of its financing 
requirements and for general corporate purposes.] 
(Insert for when BNPPF is the Issuer) 
 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
lent to the Guarantor, to be used by the Guarantor for 
its general corporate purposes] / [The net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes will [also] be used to 
purchase securities issued by BNPPF] Insert for 
when BP2F is the Issuer) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(c) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses which are to be 
borne by the Noteholders. Expenses are required to 
be broken down into each principal "use" and 
presented in order of priority of such "uses"]]20 
 
 
                                                     
20 Include this information only where the Notes have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 406 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 406 - 
 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only — YIELD 
(Only for Fixed Rate Notes, not relevant for Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes or for Fixed to Variable Rate 
Notes or for variable redemption Notes) 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes — PERFORMANCE OF 
RATES]21 
Details of the performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained, [but not] 
free of charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/[give details of electronic means of obtaining details of 
performance]].] 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or 
recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF [RATES OF EXCHANGE/INFLATION INDEX/FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE (FX) RATE] – EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING (TO BE INCLUDED FOR NOTES TO WHICH ANNEX 17 TO REGULATION 
(EU) 2019/980 APPLIES)]22 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
[The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] (including 
information about corporate actions or other events affecting the underlying and adjustments or 
substitutions to the underlying resulting therefrom), except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations] 
(a) 
[Name of inflation index/exchange 
rate] 
[specify] 
(b) 
[Information on inflation index 
/exchange rate can be obtained 
from:] 
[specify] 
(c) 
The underlying is a basket of 
underlyings: 
[disclosure 
of 
relevant 
weightings 
of 
each 
underlying in the basket] 
(d) 
Information on past and future 
performance 
and 
volatility 
of 
[inflation 
index/exchange 
rate/interest rate] can be obtained 
from: 
[specify] 
                                                     
21 Include this information only where the Notes have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (unless such Notes are to be admitted to trading only 
on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors have access) or if Underlying Interest Rate-Linked 
Notes. 
22 This section is relevant where the amouonts payable under the Notes are linked to an underlying (whether a reference index, rate or otherwise).

--- Page 407 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 407 - 
 
 
[Where the underlying is not an inflation index/exchange rate need to include equivalent 
information. Include other information concerning the underlying required by Paragraph 2.2.2 of 
Annex 17 of Regulation (EU) 2019/980] 
[If Annex 17 of Regulation (EU) 2019/980 applies, an example(s) of how the value of the investment 
is affected by the value of the underlying may be included] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] of Dealers/Managers 
[and underwriting commitments]: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Dealers/Managers)23 
(b) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement:] 
[] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and 
address] of relevant Dealer: 
[Name [and address]23*] 
(e) 
[Total commission and concession: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
(f) 
Reg. S Compliance Category and 
whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
rules applicable or TEFRA rules not 
applicable: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(g) 
Non-exempt Offer [where there is 
no exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a Prospectus]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this paragraph 
(g) and also paragraph 10 below) 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify Relevant State(s) where the issuer intends to 
make Non-exempt Offers, which must therefore be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
                                                     
23 Only applicable for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000 (unless such Notes are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors have access).

--- Page 408 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 408 - 
 
 
Offer Period 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a formula such 
as "the issue date" or "the date which falls [ 
Business Days thereafter"] 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
Non-exempt Offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction 
until those requirements have been met. Non-exempt 
Offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which 
the base prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported) 
(h) 
Selling and transfer restrictions for 
X/N Notes: 
[None (any investor) / Eligible Investors only / Not 
Applicable] [In respect of X/N Notes denominated in 
foreign currencies: no transfer permitted between 
NBB participants during 1 Brussels Business Day 
preceding any payment date of the relevant X/N 
Note] 
(i) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable. Restrictions on sales to EEA Retail 
Investors apply at all times – see further the legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" on the first page of this document.]  [Not 
Applicable.] 
(If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified, unless a key 
information document (KID) relating to the Notes 
has been prepared.) 
(j) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable. Restrictions on sales to UK Retail 
Investors apply at all times – see further the legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
on the first page of this document.] [NotApplicable.] 
(If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified, unless a key 
information document (KID) relating to the Notes 
has been prepared.)

--- Page 409 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 409 - 
 
 
(k) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable. Restrictions on Sales to Belgian 
Consumers apply at all times – see further the legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" 
on the first page of this document.][Not Applicable] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(c) 
CFI24: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(d) 
FISN24: 
[[See/[include code], as may be updated or amended, 
as set out on] the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
common safe-keeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria] (Include this text if 
"Yes" selected in which case the Notes must be 
issued in NGN form) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
                                                     
24 Whilst technically not a requirement for admission to trading, market operators are required to provide CFI and FISN codes to competent 
authorities/ESMA as part of their reference data/financial instrument reporting under various pieces of legislation (such as MiFIR and MAR) and it is 
likely that stock exchanges will request these when the Final Terms are filed with them to admit a tranche of securities to market. "Not Applicable" 
should be specified where the Final Terms relates to an unlisted but Non-exempt Offer or is not otherwise required and the "Not Available" option has 
been inserted as CFI and FISN codes may not always be available. The reference to the ANNA website (without the actual code) may be relevant if the 
parties are not sure that the code is correct or if a code has not been requested.

--- Page 410 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 410 - 
 
 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met]  
(f) 
X/N Note intended to be held in a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility25: 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that 
the X/N Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with the National Bank of Belgium and 
does not necessarily mean that such X/N Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria] (Include this text if "Yes" selected) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with the National Bank of 
Belgium. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[NBB–SSS (give numbers)/Not Applicable/give 
name(s) and number(s)] 
(h) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(i) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Fiscal Agent/Alternative Principal Paying Agent] 
(j) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any), including 
any required Paying Agent in 
France: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Name [and address] of Calculation 
Agent: 
[BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch/BNP 
Paribas 
Succursale 
de 
Luxembourg]/BNP 
Paribas 
Fortis 
SA/NV/the 
Dealer/any other third party] [Not Applicable]  
 
[Calculation Agent address for the purpose of the 
Noteholder Account Information Notice:  [specify]] 
                                                     
25 Only applicable in relation to X/N Notes issued by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV

--- Page 411 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 411 - 
 
 
(l) 
Total amount of the offer: 
[] 
 
[If the amount is not fixed, insert: The Issuer will, as 
soon as reasonably practicable after the end of the 
Offer Period, publish a notification on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
setting out the total amount of the offer in respect of 
each Series of Notes in accordance with Article 17 
of the Prospectus Regulation] 
(m) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices: 
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems would be deemed to have been 
given on [the [second] [business] day after] the day 
on which it was given to [Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] [the relevant clearing system[s]]] [As 
set out in the relevant global Note]] 
(n) 
Names and addresses of any 
relevant Listing Agents: 
[Not Applicable / give details]] 
(Note: a listing agent is required to be appointed in 
relation to listing of any Series of Notes on Euronext 
Brussels) 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs if sub-paragraph 8(g) above is specified to be Not Applicable 
because there is no Non-exempt Offer) 
(a) 
[Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [specify] 
(b) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw the present 
offer, if the minimum amount is not placed or if there 
are market or other disruptions not enabling a 
smooth settlement of the Notes, as determined by the 
Issuer /Not Applicable/[other]] 
(c) 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(d) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding amounts paid in excess by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(e) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(f) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 412 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 412 - 
 
 
(g) 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made to the 
public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(h) 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(i) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(j) 
Process for notifying applicants of 
the 
amount 
allotted 
and 
an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made; 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(k) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber 
or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or the 
PRIIPs Regulation such that it is required to disclose 
information relating to costs and charges, also 
include that information) 
(l) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place. 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 8 
above and identifiable from the Base Prospectus 
/None/give details]] 
(m) 
Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description 
of 
the 
main 
terms 
of 
their 
commitment, and/or the name and 
address of any specialist broker in 
France (where applicable): 
[Name/give details]] 
 
11. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of the 
Relevant Benchmark specified in the table below], 
which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the 
Administrator(s)/the Administrators specified in the 
table below (if more than one, specify in relation to 
each Relevant Benchmark)]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of 
the 
Administrator(s) 
the 
[relevant] 
Administrator[s]] [[is/are] not included]/[[is/are] 
included] [as the case may be,] included in the

--- Page 413 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 413 - 
 
 
register 
of 
Administrators 
and 
Benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the "BMR")][, as 
specified in the table below]. 
[As far as the relevant Issuer is aware, [[insert name 
of the Relevant Benchmark] [does/do] not fall within 
the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the 
BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the BMR apply, such that the Administrator is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration/(if located outside the 
European Union) recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence[, as specified in the table below].] 
[repeat as necessary or insert necessary information 
in a table below]] 
[Not applicable]] 
 
[Benchmar
k 
Administr
ator 
Register 
Other 
Informatio
n 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]]

--- Page 414 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 414 - 
 
 
12. 
[MiFID II Product Governance/Target 
Market Assessment 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five categories in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(as updated from time to time), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients 
[and retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties 
and 
professional 
clients 
are 
appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target 
market 
assessment) 
and 
determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's 
suitability 
and 
appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. The 
target market assessment is valid for the Offer Period 
only.]

--- Page 415 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 415 - 
 
 
13. 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance/Target 
Market Assessment 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (as updated from time to 
time) (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement 
entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business 
Sourcebook 
("COBS")[,] 
[and] 
professional clients [and retail clients][, [each] as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties 
and 
professional 
clients 
are 
appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer's 
target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer's target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject 
to 
the 
distributor's 
suitability 
and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
COBS, 
as 
applicable. The target market assessment is valid for 
the Offer Period only.]

--- Page 416 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 416 - 
 
 
[SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[issue-specific summary to be inserted in relation to each issue of Non-exempt Notes with a denomination 
of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), other than such Notes to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access]]

--- Page 417 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 417 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
NOTES ONLY 
This section applies to Exempt Notes only. It provides a template of the Pricing Supplement which will be 
completed with the issue specific details of the relevant Tranche of Notes. When completed, the Pricing 
Supplement should be read in conjunction with the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Notes as 
described above. The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify and/or supplement provisions set out in such 
terms and conditions, subject to the requirements of any relevant stock exchange or quotation system.

--- Page 418 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 418 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
[The Issuer accepts responsibility for this unsigned document in PDF format dated [date] and confirms 
that it is the final version of the Pricing Supplement relating to the Notes with [Series Number [Series 
Number]] [and] [ISIN [ISIN]]/[ISIN code(s) []] for the issuance [and listing] of the Notes described 
herein.] / [The Issuer accepts responsibility for this unsigned document in PDF format dated on the date 
mentioned below that is the final version (internal reference “FV”) of the Pricing Supplement relating 
to the Notes described herein.] 
[BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability (société anonyme/naamloze vennootschap) under 
the laws of Belgium, having its registered office in rue Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels, and registered 
with the register of legal entities of Brussels under enterprise No. 0403.199.702] 
[BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
(incorporated as a société anonyme under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered 
office at 19, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the 
Registry of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under No. B 24.784)] 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV] 
under the 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
[PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared [and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation].]1 
[PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
                                                     
1 Include if "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is specified as applicable.

--- Page 419 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 419 - 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS – The Notes may not be advertised to any 
individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and the Notes may not be offered, 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and no prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or 
any similar documents in relation to the Notes may be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer.]3 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or Section 85 of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")][FSMA] or to 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation")][the 
UK Prospectus Regulation], in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus"). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus]4. Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the Notes described 
herein is only available on the basis of a combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus5] may be obtained from BNP Paribas Fortis 
Funding at 19, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV at rue Montagne du Parc 3, B-1000 Brussels and from the Fiscal Agent, [BNP Paribas Securities 
Services, Luxembourg Branch/BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg] at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg [and [is][are] available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange [if Exempt Notes are listed on the Euro MTF]]. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation, and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Notes 
or the distribution of this Pricing Supplement in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk 
factors included in the Base Prospectus and any complementary risk considerations included in this Pricing 
Supplement prior to investing in the Notes. Each prospective investor should also carefully consider the tax 
                                                     
2 Include if "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is specified as applicable. 
3 Include in respect of an offer of Notes if Belgium is of the relevant jurisdictions in which the Notes will be offered, unless relevant elections are made 
in the Pricing Supplement to comply with Belgian consumer protection rules.  Please note that for the purposes of the Belgian consumer protection 
regulations, a consumer is a natural person habitually resident in Belgium and acting for the purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or 
profession. This means that the consumer concept is not identical to the retail investor concept under MiFID II. 
4 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different date. 
5 Only include details of a supplement to the Base Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of all issues under the 
Programme.

--- Page 420 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 420 - 
 
 
considerations relating to the Notes included in the Base Prospectus and any other up-to-date tax considerations 
that would be relevant for such prospective investor. 
Moreover, prospective investors and purchasers of Notes must inform themselves about all the relevant 
applicable and up-to-date restrictions, including but not limited to, selling and transfer restrictions relating to 
the Notes, prior to investing in the Notes. 
In case of any doubt about the functioning of the Notes or about the risk involved in purchasing the Notes, 
prospective investors should consult a specialised financial advisor or abstain from investing. Each prospective 
purchaser of Notes must determine his investment decision based on its own independent review of the 
information included in the Base Prospectus and in this Pricing Supplement. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing this Pricing Supplement] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV/BNP Paribas Fortis 
Funding] 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
(a) 
Specified Currency: 
[] (Specify the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated)6 
(b) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] 
(If the Notes are not Dual Currency 
Notes, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[Specified Exchange Rate: 
[specify 
set 
exchange 
rate][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specified Exchange Rate should be completed if the 
exchange rate is set up-front) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[the exchange rate at [specify 
time], expressed as the amount of [specify currency] 
for which one [specify currency unit] may be 
exchanged by reference to [specify source] (or any 
successor [page] thereto, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent)]/[the exchange rate obtained by 
                                                     
6 X/N Notes may be denominated in any currency, provided that X/N Notes in such currency may be cleared and settled in the NBB–SSS and subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements

--- Page 421 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 421 - 
 
 
multiplying (i) [specify first exchange rate] and (ii) 
[specify second exchange rate], with [specify first 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify time] and [specify second 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify time]] 
Reference Dealers  
 
[] 
Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date: 
[] Business Days (Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate Provisions not required if the Specified 
Currency and the Settlement Currency are the same) 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
Account Information Cut-off Date: 
[[20/[]] [calendar days] following receipt of the 
Issuer Account Information Notice][specify] 
Final Account Information Cut-off 
Date: 
[[40/[]] [calendar days] following deemed receipt 
of the Issuer Account Information Notice][specify]] 
(c) 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
(Condition 6.10)  
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
[USD] / [EUR] 
Deduction 
of 
FX 
Settlement 
Disruption Expenses (Condition 
6.10(b)(B)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
4. 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes][Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes][Registered Notes][Dematerialised Notes] 
5. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount of 
the Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(in the case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
[which will be payable in the Settlement Currency at 
the Settlement Currency equivalent of such amount

--- Page 422 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 422 - 
 
 
determined by reference to the Initial FX Rate. 
Where: 
 
"Initial FX Rate" means [specify]/ [the exchange 
rate at [specify time] on the [[] Business Day prior 
to the Issue Date], expressed as the amount of 
[specify currency] for which one [specify currency] 
may be exchanged determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to [specify source] (or any 
successor [page] thereto, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), provided that if such source is 
not available, any such rate of exchange may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent [by reference 
to 
such 
sources 
as 
it 
considers 
to 
be 
appropriate]]/[the exchange rate obtained by 
multiplying (i) [specify first exchange rate] and (ii) 
[specify second exchange rate], with [specify first 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify date/time] and [specify second 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify date/time] provided that if any 
such source is not available, any such rate of 
exchange may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent [by reference to such sources as it considers 
to be appropriate]] 
7. 
Specified Denominations and Units: 
 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used 
for the calculation of interest and redemption 
amounts) will be (i) if there is only one Specified 
Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Notes or (ii) if there are several Specified 
Denominations, the highest common factor of those 
Specified Denominations (note: there must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations)) 
(c) 
[Trading in Units: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 423 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 423 - 
 
 
 
(If Trading in Units is specified as being Applicable 
then the Notes will be tradeable (only whilst such 
Notes are in global form and interests therein are 
reflected in the records of the Relevant Clearing 
Systems) by reference to the number of Notes being 
traded (each having the Specified Denomination) as 
opposed to the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
being traded. [Trading in Units may only be 
specified as being Applicable if the Notes have a 
single Specified Denomination]) 
(d) 
[Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify]] 
(e) 
[Minimum Subscription Amount 
[specify]] 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes) 
(c) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[], [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business Day Convention/[The Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
 
(If the Notes issued have a maturity of less than one 
year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be sold only to "professional 
investors" or (ii) another applicable exemption from 
section 19 of the FSMA must be available) 
(For Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date 
must be no less than one year from the Issue Date of 
such Senior Non Preferred Notes.) 
(See Condition 5.1 in respect of Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes) 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 424 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 424 - 
 
 
 
[[[specify reference rate] +/- []] Floating Rate]  
 
[Zero Coupon]  
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Interest 
 
[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Interest] 
 
[Non Interest Bearing]  
 
[Rate: [Fixed] 
 
[Floating Rate]] 
 
[and Dual Currency Interest Notes] (If the Notes are 
Dual Currency Interest Notes, another Interest Basis 
must always be specified) 
 
[specify other]  
 
[further particulars specified below] 
11. 
Redemption Amount: 
[[100][] per cent. of its principal amount] 
 
[Inflation Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption] 
 
[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Redemption] [and 
Dual Currency Redemption Notes] 
 
[specify other] 
 
[further particulars specified below] 
12. 
Change of Interest or Redemption Amount: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of 
Notes into another interest or redemption/payment 
basis][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Terms of redemption at the option of the 
Issuer/Noteholders or other 
Issuer's/Noteholders' option: 
[] 
[further particulars specified below] 
14. 
[(a)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior / Senior Preferred / Senior Non-Preferred / 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes] 
 
[MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Variation: 
applicable] (Only relevant in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes)

--- Page 425 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 425 - 
 
 
 
[Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
Variation: 
applicable ](Only 
relevant 
in the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) 
 
[Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event: 
applicable] (Only relevant in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior / Not Applicable]]7 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-off 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating interest and/or redemption 
amounts due: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Knock-in Event8: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Conditions 1 and 5 shall apply][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 8 shall apply]] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range 
Level: 
[specify]/[[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]][FX Knock-in Level: 
 
[Knock-in Average Value 
 
Knock-in Averaging Dates:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)]] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-in 
 
Knock-in Observation Date:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
                                                     
7 Add the following language if Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the particular tranche of notes or related guarantee (delete accordingly 
where the Issuer is BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV: Date of [BP2F's Board and Guarantor's BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV's Management Committee approval 
for issue of Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 11 May 2022 [and 12 May 2022, respectively]  
8 Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes.

--- Page 426 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 426 - 
 
 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-in 
 
Resettable Knock-in Period:  [] 
 
Knock-in 
Observation 
Date(s): 
 
[] 
[Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]]] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Convention:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 8]] 
(e) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business 
Day] in the Knock-in Determination Period] 
(f) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 8]]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in Determination 
Day]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
17. 
Knock-out Event9: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
                                                     
9 Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes.

--- Page 427 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 427 - 
 
 
 
[If applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Note Conditions 1 and 5 shall apply][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 8 shall apply]] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Level /Knock-out 
Range Level: 
[specify] 
[[From 
and 
including/From 
but 
excluding][specify][to 
and 
including/to 
but 
excluding][specify]]/[FX Knock-out Level: 
 
[Knock-out Average Value 
 
Knock-out Averaging Dates:  [] [Currency 
Convention:  [As per Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Notes)]] 
 
[Single Resettable Knock-out 
 
Knock-out 
Observation 
Date: 
 
[] 
[Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable Knock-out 
 
Resettable Knock-out Period:  [] 
 
Knock-out Observation Date(s):  [] 
[Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] (N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment:  [+/-][]]]

--- Page 428 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 428 - 
 
 
(b) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 8]] 
(e) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Business 
Day] in the Knock-out Determination Period] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable] / [ Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 5][Underlying Interest 
Rate-Linked Note Condition 8]] [Any time on a 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18. 
General Interest Provisions: 
 
(a) 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[Specified Period10]: 
[specify period] [[] in each year] [adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention as set 
out in (d) below] [for the purpose of payment only11] 
or [Not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purposes of determining interest 
payment days) 
(b) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[] [adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (d) below] or [Not subject to 
adjustment as the Business Day Convention in (d) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]][As per 
Condition 4.10]]12  
 
(A Business Day Convention must be applied where 
the floating rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
                                                     
10 Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only 
11 Insert "for the purpose of payment only" if the accrual periods are not subject to adjustment in the same manner as the payment dates. 
12 Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only

--- Page 429 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 429 - 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Act
ual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]] 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
[Interest Accrual Period: 
[][As per Condition 4.10]]13 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purpose of interest accrual periods) 
(f) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]/[As per 
Condition 4.6]] 
(g) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(h) 
Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[If applicable:  Payout Conditions 1(a), 1(b), 1(f) and 
2 apply] 
 
[Fixed Rate – see item 19 below] 
 
[Floating Rate – see item 20 below]  
 
[[Inflation 
Index/Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate/Underlying Interest Rate]-Linked Interest] 
 
[Fixed Income Interest Rates: 
 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(i)): 
 
FI Upper Barrier Level: [[specify] per cent.] / [insert 
level] (specify for each Underlying Reference) 
 
[FI Lower Barrier Level: [[specify] per cent.]/[insert 
level] (specify for each Underlying Reference) 
 
FI Digital Coupon Condition: [greater than / less 
than / equal to or greater than / less than or equal to] 
(specify for each Underlying Reference) the FI 
Upper Barrier Level [[and/or] [greater than / less 
than / equal to or greater than / less than or equal to] 
(specify for each Underlying Reference) the FI 
Lower Barrier Level] 
                                                     
13 Relevant for Floating Rate Notes only

--- Page 430 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 430 - 
 
 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
2: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Gearing A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant A: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor B: 
[] per cent. 
 
Constant B: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate A: [Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
FI Rate B: [Rate/Inflation Rate] (FI Rate A and FI 
Rate B should either both specify Rate or both 
specify Inflation Rate) 
 
[Inflation Rate: [YoY Inflation Rate / Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
[Strike Date: [] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s): [Specify]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(ii)): 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Local Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Rate:  [Rate/Inflation Rate]

--- Page 431 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 431 - 
 
 
 
[Inflation Rate:  [YoY Inflation Rate/Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
Strike Date:  [] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up: [specify] 
per cent. (specify for each Underlying Reference) 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down: 
[specify] per cent.] (specify for each Underlying 
Reference) 
 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition: [greater than / 
less than / equal to or greater than / less than or equal 
to] (specify for each Underlying Reference) the 
Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 
[[and/or] [greater than / less than / equal to or greater 
than / less than or equal to] (specify for each 
Underlying Reference) the Range Accrual Coupon 
Barrier Level Up] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
2: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Range Period: 
[specify] 
 
Range Accrual Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Business 
Day/Underlying Interest 
Rate 
Determination 
Date/calendar day] 
 
Deemed Range Accrual: 
[Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Range Cut-off Date: 
[specify] 
 
Range Period End Date; 
[]] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s): 
[]] 
 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable (see 
Payout Condition 1(a)(iii)): 
 
Global Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Global Floor: 
[] per cent.

--- Page 432 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 432 - 
 
 
 
Global Margin: [specify] per cent. per annum 
 
Local Cap:  [] per cent. 
 
Local Floor:  [] per cent. 
 
Gearing: 
[specify] per cent. For Rate[(i)] 
(repeat for each Rate) 
 
FI Rate:  [Rate/Inflation Rate] 
 
[Inflation Rate: [YoY Inflation Rate/Cumulative 
Inflation Rate] 
 
Strike Date: []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date(s):  []] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable (see Payout Condition 
1(a)(iv)) : 
 
Coupon Percentage 1:  
[] per cent. 
 
Coupon Percentage 2:  
[] per cent. 
 
Cap:  
[] per cent. 
 
Floor:  
[] per cent. 
 
[FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):   
[specify]] 
 
[Averaging:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates:  
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price:  
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:  
 
 
Strike Date: 
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX)

--- Page 433 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 433 - 
 
 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value:  
 
 
Strike Days:  
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences:  
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:  
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(v)): 
 
Digital Floor Percentage 
1:  
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Floor Percentage 
2: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value: 
[Performance 
Value/Worst Value/Best 
Value/Multi-Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket 
Value] 
 
Performance Value: 
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G:  
[specify percentage per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Floor Level: 
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average 
Value: 
 
 
FX Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified

--- Page 434 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 434 - 
 
 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single 
Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX Digital Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment: 
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
Resettable Period: 
[specify] 
 
FX Digital Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment: 
[+/-] []]] 
 
FI 
Interest 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Averaging: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates:    
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note

--- Page 435 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 435 - 
 
 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price:  
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value: 
 
 
Strike Date: 
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value:   
 
 
Strike Days:    
[] 
 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:  
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(vi)): 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Cap Percentage 
2: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value:    
[Performance 
Value/Worst Value/Best 
Value/Multi-Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average FI Basket 
Value] 
 
Performance Value: 
Performance Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]]

--- Page 436 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 436 - 
 
 
 
[G:  
[specify percentage per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Cap Level:  
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX Digital Average 
Value: 
 
 
FX 
Averaging 
Dates: 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Single 
Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment: 
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
Resettable Period: [specify] 
 
FX 
Digital 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]

--- Page 437 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 437 - 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable 
Adjustment: 
[+/-] []] 
 
FI Interest Valuation 
Date(s):    
[specify] 
 
[Averaging:    
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price:   [[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:    
 
 
Strike Date: 
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value:   
 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period: 
[]]] 
 
[FI 
Target 
Coupon 
Notes 
(see 
Payout 
Condition 1(a)(vii)):

--- Page 438 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 438 - 
 
 
 
Target 
Coupon 
Percentage:   
[] per cent. 
 
Target 
Determination 
Date:  
[specify] 
 
[FI 
FX 
Vanilla 
Notes 
(see 
Payout 
Condition 1(a)(viii)): 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value: 
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI 
Redemption 
Valuation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
Averaging:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:  
 
 
Strike Date:  
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
[Initial Average Value:

--- Page 439 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 439 - 
 
 
 
Strike Days:   
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period: 
[]]] 
 
[FI Digital Plus Coupon Notes (see Payout 
Condition 1(a)(ix)) : 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
1: 
[] per cent. 
 
Digital Plus Percentage 
2: 
[] per cent. 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
FI Digital Value: 
[Performance 
Value/Worst Value/Best 
Value/Multi-Basket 
Value/Weighted 
Average 
FI 
Basket 
Value] 
 
Performance Value:   
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
[FI Weighting: 
[]] 
 
[G: 
[specify percentage per 
Underlying Reference]] 
 
FI Digital Plus Level: 
[[]/ 
 
[FX Digital Level: 
 
 
[FX 
Digital 
Average 
Value: 
 
 
FX Averaging Dates:   
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/

--- Page 440 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 440 - 
 
 
 
[Single 
Resettable 
Level: 
 
 
FX Digital Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment: 
[+/-][]] 
 
[Multiple 
Resettable 
Level:   
 
 
Resettable Period: 
[specify] 
 
FX Digital Observation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Resettable Adjustment: 
[+/-] []] 
 
FI 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
[Averaging: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to

--- Page 441 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 441 - 
 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
 
 
Strike Date: 
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value: 
 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences:  
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period: 
[]]] 
 
[Rate:  
 
[Fixed Rate – see item 19 below]  
 
[Floating Rate – see item 20 below]]  
19. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (d) for each such rate and, if FI 
Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between 
the Rate which is FI Rate A and the Rate which is FI 
Rate B) 
(a) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semiannually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 442 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 442 - 
 
 
(d) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Interest Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
20. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (g) for each such rate and, if FI 
Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between 
the Rate which is FI Rate A and the Rate which is FI 
Rate B) 
(a) 
Reference Banks: 
[specify four] 
(b) 
Spread (if applicable): 
[] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Spread Multiplier (if applicable): 
[] 
(d) 
Relevant Time (if applicable): 
[][Condition 4 applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable: [IBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR]] 
[Not Applicable] 
– 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other 
benchmark] 
(Additional information is required if other, 
including fallback provisions in the Agency 
Agreement)  
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[] Business Days in [specify city] prior to] [the 
first day in each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
[[] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] (Include where the floating rate is 
SONIA) 
[[] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date] (Include where 
the floating rate is SOFR) 
 
[[] TARGET2 Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] (Include where the floating rate is 
€STR) 
 
(Indicate Interest Determination Date and specify if 
the calculation is to be made at the beginning /end of 
the period)

--- Page 443 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 443 - 
 
 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purpose of Interest Determination 
Dates) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/[The SOFR Screen Page]/[ECB Website] 
 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)) 
– 
[Unwind Costs relating to 
Replacement Benchmarks: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant for floating rates other than SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR) 
– 
[Calculation Method: 
[Include where the floating rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the floating rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift]/[SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift]]] 
– 
[Observation Method: 
[[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]/[SONIA 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]] (Include where the floating rate 
is SONIA) 
[[Lag]/[Shift]] (Include where the floating rate is 
€STR)] 
– 
[Lookback Period: 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] (Include where the 
floating rate is SONIA and ensure all Early 
Redemption Amounts are determined by reference to 
fair market value and include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest) 
 
[[specify] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the floating rate is SOFR (where the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR 
Compound with Lookback) and ensure that any 
Early Redemption Amounts are determined by 
reference to fair market value and include amounts 
in respect of accrued interest.) 
[[specify] [TARGET2 Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] (Include where the 
floating rate is €STR and ensure that all Early

--- Page 444 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 444 - 
 
 
Redemption Amounts are determined by reference to 
fair market value and include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest) 
– 
[Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the floating rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
– 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not applicable]] 
(Include where the floating rate is SOFR. Must apply 
where the Calculation Method is SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean) 
– 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in Security 
Condition 4.4(c)(iv).]] 
– 
[Rate Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] (Include where the 
floating rate is €STR) 
– 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the floating rate is either SOFR or 
€STR) 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
– 
Margin: 
[+/-] [] 
(g) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[] 
21. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 445 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 445 - 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amortisation Yield (Zero 
Coupon/High Interest/Low Interest 
Note): 
[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price (Zero 
Coupon/High Interest/Low Interest 
Note): 
[] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
[other] 
22. 
Inflation Index-Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Part 
3 of the Conditions apply] 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (i) for each such Inflation Rate 
and, if FI Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish 
between the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and 
the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate B and the 
Inflation Index which is Underlying Reference 1 and 
the Inflation Index which is Underlying Reference 2) 
(a) 
Index: 
[] 
 
[Composite][Non composite] 
(b) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[] 
(c) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable, specify: 
[] / [Fallback Bond]] 
(e) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 446 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 446 - 
 
 
(f) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(h) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(j) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events:  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]/ [Hedging Disruption] / 
[Index Modification] : [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] / 
[Extended Currency Event] / [Currency Event] 
(k) 
Rebasing (Inflation Index-Linked 
Note Condition 4.5) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption Event (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.7) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Index Cancellation (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.8)

--- Page 447 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 447 - 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
23. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions at Part 4 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
The relevant base currency (the 
"Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies]/ ([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify]  
(c) 
Weighting: 
[specify]  
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Disruption Event: 
 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to []/[five] (If no Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
Disruption Events 
[Price Source Disruption] / [Illiquidity Disruption] / 
[Dual Exchange Rate] / [paragraph (d) of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 6] / 
[paragraph (d) of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 6, other than in respect of 
Illiquidity Disruption] 
Early Redemption / Monetisation 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value]

--- Page 448 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 448 - 
 
 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Reference Dealers 
[specify] 
(f) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protection 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(i) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[] [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(j) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(k) 
Strike Date: 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(l) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events:  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
(m) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption 
Event 
(Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 11)

--- Page 449 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 449 - 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
24. 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (a) to (i) below for each 
such Underlying Interest Rate and, if FI Digital 
Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the 
Underlying Interest Rate which is FI Rate A and the 
Underlying Interest Rate which is FI Rate B and the 
Underlying Interest Rate which is Underlying 
Reference 1 and the Underlying Interest Rate which 
is Underlying Reference 2) 
 
[The 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Conditions at Part 5 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Underlying Interest Rate 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
(b) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS-Rate Determination] 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[specify] 
 
(either EURIBOR or other) 
 
Underlying Specified 
Duration: 
[specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
(Underlying): 
[specify]

--- Page 450 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 450 - 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
Underlying Reference 
Banks: 
[specify four] 
 
Relevant Time 
(Underlying): 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) 
 
[Unwind Costs relating to 
Replacement Benchmarks: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant for floating rates other than SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR) 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
Underlying Margin: 
[specify] 
(e) 
CMS-Rate Determination: 
 
 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[Swap rate/Annual swap rate/Semi-annual swap 
rate/ Quarterly swap rate/Quarterly-annual swap 
rate/Quarterly-quarterly swap rate] 
 
Designated Maturity 
(CMS): 
[specify] 
 
Reference Currency 
(CMS): 
[specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
(CMS): 
[specify] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
Underlying Margin: 
[specify] 
 
Consequences of a CMS 
Rate Early Redemption 
Event:

--- Page 451 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 451 - 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Notes will be sold to 
Belgian Consumers unless the Early Redemption 
Amount is Highest Value (Structured) or Highest 
Value (Vanilla)) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Not Applicable if the Notes will be sold 
to Belgian Consumers) 
(f) 
Underlying Spread: 
[+/-[]] per cent. per annum 
(g) 
Underlying Spread Multiplier 
[specify] 
(h) 
Minimum Underlying Interest 
Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Underlying Interest 
Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items (b) to 
(i)) 
 
(Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate)  
(j) 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence 
of a Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protection Termination Amount: [Not 
Applicable] / [Applicable. The Principal Protection 
Termination Amount Percentage is [] per cent.] 
(k) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies)

--- Page 452 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 452 - 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Hedging Disruption] 
/ [Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption 
Event 
(Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 12): 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
25. 
Principal Protected Amount 
[[100][] per cent. of its principal amount]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
26. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer or 
other Issuer's option (pursuant to 
Condition 5.5) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Issuer's Option Period: 
[] 
 
(Option Period must end no later than 5 Clearing 
System Business Days prior to the date on which the 
Issuer's option is to be exercised, where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which the 
Relevant Clearing System through which the notes 
are held is open for business) 
 
(Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries (for example, 
clearing systems will normally require a minimum of 
5 Clearing System Business Days to process any 
notice), as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and Agents)

--- Page 453 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 453 - 
 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
– 
Minimum Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
– 
Maximum Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Estimated Call Option Value 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount in 
respect of the Tranche] / [Not applicable] 
27. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholder or other Noteholder's option 
(pursuant to Condition 5.6) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Noteholder's Option Period: 
[] 
 
(Option Period must end no later than ten Clearing 
System Business Days prior to the date on which the 
Issuer's option is to be exercised, where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which the 
Relevant Clearing System through which the notes 
are held is open for business) 
 
(Please consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries (for example, 
clearing systems will normally require a minimum of 
5 Clearing System Business Days' to process any 
notice) as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and Agents) 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Market Value [less 
Costs] [(which [does not] include[s] amounts in 
respect of accrued interest)]] 
28. 
Redemption or Amendment of Notes for 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(pursuant to Condition 5.15) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 454 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 454 - 
 
 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
29. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[Calculation 
Amount 
x 
[] 
per cent.]/[Final 
Payout][Other]] per Calculation Amount 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable:  Payout Conditions 1(c), 1(f) and 2 
apply] 
 
[FI 
FX 
Vanilla 
Notes 
(see 
Payout 
Condition 1(c)(i)): 
 
Gearing: 
[] per cent. 
 
Cap: 
[] per cent. 
 
Floor: 
[] per cent. 
 
Performance Value:  
Performance 
Value 
[1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10] 
 
FI 
Redemption 
Valuation Dates:   
[specify] 
 
Averaging:   
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
Averaging Dates:  
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
Initial Settlement Price: 
[[]/ 
 
[Initial Closing Value:   
 
 
Strike Date: 
[]]/ 
 
[Initial Average Value:  
 
 
Strike Days: 
[] 
[Currency 
Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency

--- Page 455 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 455 - 
 
 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
 
[Averaging 
Date 
Consequences:  
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Period:  
[] 
 
FI 
Constant 
Percentage 1  
[] per cent.] 
 
[FI 
Inflation 
Notes 
(see 
Payout 
Condition 1(c)(ii)): 
 
FI Redemption Valuation Date(s): [] 
 
Strike Date: []] 
(If Payout Conditions are being relied upon 
and item 31, 32 or 33, as the case may be, 
is completed, delete the remainder of this 
item, otherwise complete:)  
 
In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is linked to an inflation index, 
exchange rate or other variable-linked: 
 
(a) 
Inflation Index/Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate/Underlying Interest 
Rate/other variable: 
[Inflation Index-Linked Redemption. The Inflation 
Index-Linked Note Conditions at Part 3 to the 
Conditions apply] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Redemption. 
The Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions at Part 4 to the Conditions apply] 
 
[Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Redemption. The 
Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Note Conditions at 
Part 5 to the Conditions apply] 
 
[Insert other relevant details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount 
[give or annex details] 
(c) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount where 
calculated by reference to Inflation 
Index/Foreign Exchange (FX) 
[]

--- Page 456 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 456 - 
 
 
Rate/Underlying Interest Rate 
and/or other variable: 
(d) 
Determination Date(s): 
[]] 
 
Subject to adjustment in accordance with the [name 
of applicable Business Day Convention] / [Not 
subject to adjustment] 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purpose of determination of the 
Final Redemption Amount) 
(e) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount where 
calculation by reference to Inflation 
Index/ Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate/Underlying Interest Rate 
and/or other variable is impossible 
or impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
[] 
(f) 
Payment Date: 
[] 
 
Subject to adjustment in accordance with the [name 
of applicable Business Day Convention] / [Not 
subject to adjustment] 
 
(If applicable, identify any Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the purpose of payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount) 
(g) 
Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Maximum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]] 
30. 
Automatic Early Redemption14: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert if applicable: [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 6 applies][Underlying 
Interest Rate-Linked Note Condition 9 applies] 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event specified in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
6; "greater than"/ "greater than or equal to" / "less 
than" / "less than or equal to"] 
[Target 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption] 
[FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption] [FI 
Coupon Automatic Early Redemption] [Standard 
                                                     
14 Only applicable in relation to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Notes and Underlying Interest Rate-Linked Notes.

--- Page 457 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 457 - 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
"greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than 
or equal to"] 
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption (see Payout 
Condition 1(d)(i)): 
 
Final Interest Rate: [Capped and Guaranteed 
Applicable][Capped 
and 
Guaranteed 
Not 
Applicable][Capped Only][Guaranteed Only] 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption (see 
Payout Condition 1(d)(ii)): 
 
[Accrual 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]  / [Not Applicable]] 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption (see 
Payout Condition 1(d)(iii)): 
 
Coupon Cap: [] per cent.] 
(d) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Down: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(i) 
AER Rate: 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period: 
[specify] 
 
(For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is 
the underlying interest rate determination date (i.e. 
2 business days prior to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date)) 
31. 
Inflation Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 458 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 458 - 
 
 
 
[The Inflation Index-Linked Note Conditions at Part 
3 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
[Composite/non Composite] 
(b) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable, specify: 
[]/[Fallback Bond]] 
(d) 
Issuer of Related Bond:  
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(g) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(i) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events:  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Hedging Disruption] 
/ [Index Modification] : [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] / 
[Extended Currency Event] / [Currency Event] 
(j) 
Rebasing (Additional Condition 
4.5) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption Event (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.7) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] /

--- Page 459 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 459 - 
 
 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Index Cancellation (Inflation Index-
Linked Note Condition 4.8) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [ []  per Calculation Amount] / [Principal 
Protected Amount] [(including amounts in respect of 
accrued interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
32. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Conditions at Part 4 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b) 
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(c) 
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] ([each 
a]/[the] "Subject Currency") 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Disruption Event: 
 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to []/[five] (If no Specified Maximum Days

--- Page 460 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 460 - 
 
 
of Disruption is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
Disruption Events 
[Price Source Disruption] / [Illiquidity Disruption] / 
[Dual Exchange Rate] / [paragraph (d) of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 6] / 
[paragraph (d) of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-
Linked Note Condition 6, other than in respect of 
Illiquidity Disruption] 
Early Redemption / Monetisation 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Reference Dealers 
[specify] 
(g) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] [Currency Convention:  [As per Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(i) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protection 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(j) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(k) 
Strike Date(s): 
[][Not Applicable] [Currency Convention:  [As per 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note Condition 
1]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency

--- Page 461 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 461 - 
 
 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention] 
(N.B. only applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate-Linked Notes)] 
(l) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(m) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(n) 
Provisions for determining 
redemption amount where 
calculation by reference to Formula 
is impossible or impracticable: 
[] 
(o) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events:  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]/ [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
(p) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption 
Event 
(Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate-Linked Note 
Condition 11) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
33. 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The 
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Conditions at Part 5 of the Conditions apply] 
(a) 
Underlying Interest Rate 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:")

--- Page 462 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 462 - 
 
 
(b) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/specify] 
- 
Underlying Specified Duration: 
[specify] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page 
(Underlying): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
- 
Underlying Reference Banks: 
[specify four] 
- 
Relevant Time (Underlying): 
[specify] 
- 
[Unwind Costs relating to 
Replacement Benchmarks: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant for floating rates other than SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR) 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
- 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
- 
Underlying Margin: 
[specify] 
(e) 
CMS-Rate Determination 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[specify] 
- 
Designated Maturity (CMS): 
[specify] 
- 
Reference Maturity (CMS): 
[specify] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page (CMS): 
[specify] 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 463 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 463 - 
 
 
- 
Underlying Margin: 
[specify] 
- 
Consequences of a CMS Rate Early 
Redemption Event: 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Notes will be sold to 
Belgian Consumers unless the Early Redemption 
Amount is Highest Value (Structured) or Highest 
Value (Vanilla)) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Not Applicable if the Notes will be sold 
to Belgian Consumers) 
(f) 
Underlying Spread: 
[[+/-[]] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Underlying Spread Multiplier: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence 
of a Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal Protection Termination Amount: [Not 
Applicable] / [Applicable. The Principal Protection 
Termination Amount Percentage is [] per cent.] 
(i) 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]/ [Index Cancellation] / 
[Jurisdiction Event] / [Extended Change of Law] 
(j) 
Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional 
Disruption 
Event 
(Underlying 
Interest 
Rate-Linked 
Note 
Condition 11) 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] /

--- Page 464 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 464 - 
 
 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] [Not Applicable] 
Monetisation Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
34. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(a) 
Early redemption for taxation 
reasons (Pursuant to Condition 5.2) 
and method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from that 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As per Condition 5.2] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) and insert "do not 
apply" in paragraph 46 (Taxation)) 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
of each Note payable on 
redemption: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [ []  per Calculation Amount] / [Principal 
Protected Amount] [(including amounts in respect of 
accrued interest)] 
(ii) 
Method of calculating (if 
required or if different 
from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As set out in paragraph 
34(a)(i) above] [The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amount in case of tax changes] [specify 
other method/arrangements] 
(iii) 
Early redemption 
permitted: 
[Only on an Interest Payment Date/At any time] 
(b) 
Early redemption on event of 
default (pursuant to Condition 9.1) 
and method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from that 
set out in the Conditions): 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
of each Note payable on 
early redemption: 
[Principal Protected Amount: [100] [] per cent. of 
its principal amount/Market Value [less Costs] 
[(which [does not] include[s] amounts in respect of 
accrued interest)] 
(ii) 
Maximum notice period: 
[] 
(iii) 
Minimum notice period: 
[] 
(c) 
Early redemption for Significant 
Alteration Event (Issuer) and Force 
Majeure (Issuer) pursuant to 
Condition 5.7):

--- Page 465 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 465 - 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Significant Alteration 
Event (Issuer)) 
[Highest Value (Structured)] / [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] / [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount]] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
(ii) 
Monetisation Option 
(Significant Alteration 
Event (Issuer)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Force Majeure (Issuer)) 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
(iv) 
Condition 5.7(c) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Highest Value (Structured)],/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount]] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
(d) 
Early redemption following an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(pursuant to Condition 5.10) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note [payable on early redemption]: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value] 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount][(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation 
Option 
(MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Early 
redemption 
following 
a 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
(pursuant to Condition 5.11): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note payable on early redemption: 
[Highest Value (Structured)]/ [Highest Value 
(Vanilla)] [Derivative Component Market Value] / 
[Market Value 1] / [Market Value 2] / [Market Value 
3] / [Market Value less Costs)] / [Fair Market Value]

--- Page 466 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 466 - 
 
 
/ [[] per Calculation Amount] / [Principal Protected 
Amount] [(including amounts in respect of accrued 
interest)] 
Monetisation Option (Capital 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
35. 
Instalment Date(s) (if applicable): 
[] 
36. 
Instalment Amount(s) (if applicable): 
[] 
37. 
Unmatured Coupons to become void upon 
early redemption: 
[Unmatured Coupons will [not] become void upon 
the due date for redemption] 
 
(Specify that Coupons will become void where the 
Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and the principal amount 
on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon or if the Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
38. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]/[on 60 days' 
notice]/[at any time]] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on or after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]/[on 60 days' notice]/[at any 
time]] (Insert this option for Notes issued by BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV and cleared through the NBB–
SSS) 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 7 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect:  "[EUR] [100,000] and integral multiples of 
[EUR][1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[EUR] [199,000].". Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes) 
 
[Registered Notes in definitive form]

--- Page 467 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 467 - 
 
 
 
[Dematerialised Notes] 
39. 
[New Global Note:](delete if Registered 
Notes) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If "Not applicable" is specified, ensure that "Not 
applicable" is also specified for Eurosystem 
eligibility in the relevant paragraph of section 6 of 
Part B of this Pricing Supplement, and if 
"Applicable" 
is 
specified, 
ensure 
that 
the 
appropriate specification is made thereto in respect 
of Eurosystem eligibility) 
40. 
Business Day Jurisdictions for 
Condition 6.7 and any special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.]  (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which item 
18(a) relates) 
41. 
Talons to be attached to Notes and, if 
applicable, the number of Interest Payment 
Dates between the maturity of each Talon: 
[No/Yes, maturing every [27] Interest Payment 
Dates] 
42. 
Details relating to Redemption by 
Instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (with respect to dates, 
indicate whether they are subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention) 
43. 
Details relating to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: status and ranking of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes to qualify as internal MREL 
within the meaning of Article 45f of 
Directive 2014/59/EU and the Belgian 
implementation thereof 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item 
relates to the status and ranking provisions 
supplementing the status and ranking provision set 
out in Condition 3.3 to satisfy the requirements 
applicable to internal MREL within the meaning of 
Article 45f of Directive 2014/59/EU and the Belgian 
implementation thereof.) 
44. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions annexed to this 
Pricing Supplement apply] 
45. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes at the request of the holder 
at the expense of: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[The 
Issuer/Noteholder 
if 
permitted by applicable law] (Indicate which party 
will pay the costs of exchange for Definitive Notes at 
the request of the Noteholder) 
46. 
Taxation: 
The provisions of Condition 7 [do not] apply 
47. 
Condition 10.3 (Modification upon 
Significant Alteration Event (Issuer) or 
Force Majeure (Issuer)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
48. 
Essential Trigger (Condition 16.2 
(Jurisdiction)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 468 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 468 - 
 
 
49. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]15 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: 
 
By: 
 
 
[Director] 
 
[Director]]16 
 
                                                     
15 Include where any information sourced from a third party has been reproduced, and provide necessary details. 
16 To be deleted if the Pricing Supplement is not signed.

--- Page 469 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 469 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the [professional 
segment of the]17 Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro 
MTF Market] [listed on  [specify market - note this must 
not be a regulated market]] with effect from [][and the 
Notes are only intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to professional clients as defined in 
MiFID II]18][Not Applicable] 
2. 
[RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
relevant credit rating agency] 
 
(Only required if ratings differ from those in the Base 
Prospectus) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
Save [as disclosed in "Plan of Distribution"] [for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers]] [[and] 
save for []], so far as the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, including conflicting interests. [The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Use of Proceeds 
[] / [The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will 
[also] be used to purchase securities issued by BNPPF] 
Insert for when BP2F is the Issuer) 
 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to that 
stated in the Base Prospectus) 
                                                     
17 If the Notes are listed on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market ensure the Prohibition of Sales to EEAand 
UK Retail Investors are applicable and amend as applicable. 
18 Only include if the Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment at the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market.

--- Page 470 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 470 - 
 
 
5. 
[PERFORMANCE OF [RATES OF EXCHANGE/INFLATION INDEX/FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE (FX) RATE] – EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING (TO BE INCLUDED IF REQUIRED FOR ANY LISTING)] 
[The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] (including 
information about corporate actions or other events affecting the underlying and adjustments or 
substitutions to the underlying resulting therefrom), except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations] 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or 
recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
(a) 
[Name 
of 
inflation 
index/exchange rate] 
[specify] 
(b) 
[Information on inflation index 
/exchange rate can be obtained 
from:] 
[specify] 
(c) 
The underlying is a basket of 
underlyings: 
[disclosure of relevant weightings of each underlying in 
the basket] 
(d) 
Information on past and future 
performance and volatility of 
[inflation 
index/exchange 
rate/interest 
rate] 
can 
be 
obtained from: 
[specify] 
[Where the underlying is not an inflation index/exchange rate need to include equivalent 
information.] 
[Example(s) of how the value of the investment is affected by the value of the underlying may be 
included] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of Distribution: 
Method of Distribution: 
(b) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] 
of 
Managers/Dealers 
[and 
underwriting commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments]] (Include names and 
addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers/Dealers) 
(c) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement:] 
[] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 471 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 471 - 
 
 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address] of relevant Dealer: 
[Name [and address]] 
(f) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
(g) 
Reg. S Compliance Category 
and whether TEFRA D or 
TEFRA C rules applicable or 
TEFRA rules not applicable: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Additional 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(i) 
Additional Canadian Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(j) 
Selling and transfer restrictions 
for X/N Notes: 
[None (any investor) / Eligible Investors only / Not 
Applicable] [In respect of X/N Notes denominated in 
foreign currencies: no transfer permitted between NBB 
participants during 1 Brussels Business Day preceding 
any payment date of the relevant X/N Note] 
(k) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable. Restrictions on sales to EEA Retail 
Investors apply at all times – see further the legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" on 
the first page of this document.]  [Not Applicable.] 
(If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified, unless a key information document (KID) 
relating to the Notes has been prepared.) 
(l) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable. Restrictions on sales to UK Retail Investors 
apply at all times – see further the legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" on the first 
page of this document.] [Not Applicable.] 
(If 
the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Applicable" should be specified, unless a key information 
document (KID) relating to the Notes has been prepared.) 
(m) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable. Restrictions on Sales to Belgian Consumers 
apply at all times – see further the legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" on the first 
page of this document.][Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[]

--- Page 472 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 472 - 
 
 
(c) 
CFI19: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(d) 
FISN19: 
[[See/[include code], as may be updated or amended, as 
set out on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safe-
keeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met] (Include this text if "Yes" in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form) 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met]] 
(f) 
X/N Note intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility20: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that 
the X/N Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
                                                     
19 Whilst technically not a requirement for admission to trading, market operators are required to provide CFI and FISN codes to competent 
authorities/ESMA as part of their reference data/financial instrument reporting under various pieces of legislation (such as MiFIR and MAR) and it is 
likely that stock exchanges will request these when the Pricing Supplement is filed with them to admit a tranche of securities to market.  "Not Applicable" 
should be specified where the Pricing Supplement relates to unlisted Notes or is not otherwise required and the "Not Available" option has been inserted 
as CFI and FISN codes may not always be available. The reference to the ANNA website (without the actual code) may be relevant if the parties are 
not sure that the code is correct or if a code has not been requested. 
20 Only applicable in relation to X/N Notes issued by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV

--- Page 473 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 473 - 
 
 
with the National Bank of Belgium and does not 
necessarily mean that such X/N Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the X/N Notes may 
then be deposited with the National Bank of Belgium. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the X/N 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met]] 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[NBB–SSS [give numbers]/Not Applicable/give name(s) 
and number(s)] 
(h) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(i) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Fiscal Agent/Alternative Principal Paying Agent] 
(j) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 13: 
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing system will be deemed to have been given on 
[the [second] [business] day after] the day on which it 
was 
given 
to 
[Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][the relevant clearing system[s]]] [As set 
out in the relevant global Note] 
(l) 
Name 
[and 
address] 
of 
Calculation Agent: 
[BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch/BNP Paribas Succursale de Luxembourg]/BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV/the Dealer/any other third 
party][Not Applicable] 
 
[Calculation Agent address for the purpose of the 
Noteholder Account Information Notice:  [specify]] 
8. 
[MiFID 
II 
Product 
Governance/Target 
Market 
Assessment 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories in item 18 of the Guidelines published by

--- Page 474 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 474 - 
 
 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (as updated from time to 
time), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] 
professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in 
[Directive 
2014/65/EU 
(as 
amended, 
"MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – 
[investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the 
distributor's 
suitability 
and 
appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]].] 
9. 
UK 
MiFIR 
Product 
Governance/Target 
Market 
Assessment 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (as updated from time to time) (in 
accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties as defined in the FCA 
Handbook 
Conduct 
of 
Business 
Sourcebook 
("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients [and retail 
clients][, [each] as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
("UK 
MiFIR")]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – 
[investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any

--- Page 475 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES ONLY 
 
 
- 475 - 
 
 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK 
MiFIR 
Product 
Governance 
Rules") 
is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the 
distributor's 
suitability 
and 
appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable.]

--- Page 476 ---
0045349-0000274 UKO2: 2004462764.21 
- 476 - 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
rue Montagne du Parc 3 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas Fortis Funding 
19, rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
rue Montagne du Parc 3 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
rue Montagne du Parc 3 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
FISCAL AGENT, REGISTRAR, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
(prior to the Merger Date (as defined in the 
Conditions)) 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch 
BNP Paribas,  
Succursale de Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ALTERNATIVE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
rue Montagne du Parc 3 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
DOMICILIARY AGENT 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
rue Montagne du Parc 3 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 477 ---
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2004462764.21 
 
- 477 - 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Dealers 
in respect of English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London, United Kingdom 
E1 6AD 
in respect of Luxembourg law 
in respect of Belgian law 
Allen & Overy 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Société en commandite simple 
Avenue de Tervueren 268A 
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
B-1150 
Brussels 
5, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
Belgium 
L-1855 
 
Luxembourg 
 
PO Box 5017, L-1050 
 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO BNP PARIBAS FORTIS FUNDING 
Deloitte Audit 
rue de Neudorf 560 
L - 2220 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
PwC Réviseurs d'Entreprises SRL 
 
Represented by 
 
Jeroen Bockaert, Partner 
Culliganlaan 5, 
1831 Diegem 
Belgium 
 
LISTING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
(prior to the Merger Date) 
(from and including the Merger Date) 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch 
BNP Paribas,  
Succursale de Luxembourg 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg